2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm well um uh um you know okay form of digital image processing in which the image uh you know well you know like well resolution, or amount of detail, varies across the image according you know like you know you know well you know to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to I mean well uh um okay uh a decision - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or like so so you know well so mental model, of a complex and evolving task situation, uh well so uh uh okay its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, Minas um I mean you know um like I mean Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars Minor um like you know I mean okay so and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms um uh I mean so you know I mean Park and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms uh you know I mean well I mean like Park for the 2007, 2008 and you know I mean um you know um um 2009 matches, while the 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property you know uh well well well okay group by equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a okay uh okay uh I mean well Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered by I mean you know uh okay like well two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, okay I mean like I mean you know uh 'Epic Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring like I mean um uh like uh extensive use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, I mean well you know like like okay and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot on well I mean well so you know I mean KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their I mean like okay okay I mean uh second US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed well uh um like um okay it as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until okay so I mean so um uh October 2007 but he now works for Human Rights Watch so okay well like okay um in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 okay like well uh so okay localities located at a maximum distance of from the city, I mean you know you know well so so and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B well I mean well uh okay you know male prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is possessed, well so uh okay like okay the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in well uh uh uh I mean you know the center of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's I mean like you know so um well Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered uh okay okay you know like uh to be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser like like okay you know you know well importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, okay um well well I mean like Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps I mean uh like like you know okay his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married like like uh so you know you know in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained okay well okay well uh so to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, you know you know so so um okay a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry okay uh so um well uh is one such scholar whose research reveals that public um so uh uh like I mean servants tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly um like like okay uh okay predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time when well um like okay so so 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered um uh I mean you know okay I mean nearly 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where so you know okay um like uh the 62nd was reduced to the size of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at um like so uh you know um a terminal station, the train may not continue in a um you know so so like uh straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric okay you know well you know so I mean enzyme pepsin and determined that it was a protein and so okay so so you know I mean in 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage I mean like um I mean so okay (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord of well you know okay you know like okay Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by his tenants I mean okay well you know uh like at the site in 1320 in a cauldron suspended from like I mean you know um okay um the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up okay um I mean you know well uh approximately 6 %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make um well well well uh well up around 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), I mean so like okay uh so Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan so um uh like I mean you know and Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours well well well you know I mean like with the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May I mean um you know I mean like um 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without you know you know um you know I mean okay sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his okay okay I mean um uh well first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the I mean like you know um so okay Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of the you know you know well well I mean um Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young so like well I mean um um age, Copley played his junior rugby league for the Aspley Devils I mean like you know I mean so you know and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the so so I mean so so I mean hill of Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, I mean you know okay okay I mean uh overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station as well uh okay you know well um a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across I mean you know well you know I mean so operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs to be like okay I mean like so I mean checked before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' you know well well you know so so (2010), following it up with 'City of God' (2011) and like uh so so like like 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of Belgrade uh well so so I mean uh lasted for three days, other sources state the air so you know uh well um you know battle over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard 40 you know you know I mean um so um foot container, but if the rail line has been built uh you know you know um uh so with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack okay um um you know okay I mean car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage so uh you know uh I mean like of its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, uh so well so um I mean France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, I mean you know I mean so you know uh Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second like like okay okay okay I mean to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising well you know so okay like uh them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved I mean so okay well um like in several attempts to drum up American isolationist well so uh okay I mean like opinion, including efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering in uh like so well so um Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic so um so so like well tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor movement; you know um you know uh um um its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as the go okay I mean like um okay well to person for comment on issues concerning the Muslim you know well well okay like I mean community even though he has no official standing uh I mean okay well you know so within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on okay um you know uh uh okay several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to um um okay you know I mean I mean retreat, and within two hours the mob was like I mean I mean well um I mean moving about the city, sacking shops and breaking into okay I mean so okay okay like armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and um like um so so well have on several occasions read the comments made on it; the you know okay well you know uh I mean character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, um uh okay uh so okay Singapore etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, has you know you know well I mean like I mean influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, I mean okay okay okay I mean I mean especially Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and made well so um okay like well theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's like well um like okay like Coming to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie okay I mean I mean well okay okay being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, so like well so uh I mean at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk so okay well well um okay County of a top - billed actress for a decade, um well okay well well I mean and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at um I mean I mean I mean uh I mean the University of Lausanne and when he returns with much um so so okay I mean I mean fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he um you know so well uh so has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the you know uh I mean I mean you know um legal arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - houses uh so like I mean uh so that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the okay okay well so um so Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the so you know okay well okay you know story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Wales with like so you know like okay you know her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and um well uh you know well I mean was given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, well okay okay uh well uh Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the well you know well so so I mean key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the I mean I mean you know so okay you know most optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the uh like like okay like I mean city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an I mean like well okay so I mean free and open source initiative to provide an enterprise scale I mean like uh well okay you know solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of well like I mean like well I mean primary energy can be considered the same, which is well you know well uh you know you know not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, well um like like you know so which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there I mean you know you know um so uh before joining the ABC and is a graduate of you know so uh okay I mean well Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted like well you know like like I mean architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph well uh you know so well uh Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit so well okay you know um okay next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the well okay uh like okay I mean minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, and well so like so so so on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as so well uh okay okay uh a Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been um um so I mean um like upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named you know you know you know I mean um uh after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded as an uh well you know you know like you know all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October you know uh okay you know you know like 20 1917) was an officer in the Union Army during I mean um okay well well uh the American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing um like so well you know okay car designed by the Red Bull Racing team you know uh so like well um for the 2009 Formula One season, and was driven I mean uh like you know like uh by Sebastian Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves the boy, I mean so uh like uh you know who ultimately exiles the king who ends up in well you know uh you know okay I mean a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall you know like you know you know you know you know of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 in uh so you know like um so a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal in Lisbon; I mean you know you know so uh you know following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of um I mean you know you know you know um expression -- making all students wear the same you know uh you know uh um okay clothes or limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in I mean I mean I mean like okay so the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, I mean I mean so well like I mean and received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular okay I mean I mean you know you know uh army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a um I mean um uh okay you know Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg okay um so okay well you know State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including uh okay I mean so so uh bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in you know uh I mean so I mean like Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album well like I mean like okay you know 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as okay you know like like uh you know well as a number of various artist compilations, including the well well uh I mean well um City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right - like um like okay um you know handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral uh like um uh you know well lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of I mean like okay I mean well like Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in uh well like well I mean like Staten Island, New York) is an American bassist best known uh um I mean so so you know for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged so you know you know I mean uh well as a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he uh um okay okay you know I mean alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and um um um so like I mean instead advocated looking to the original works, his school okay like okay so you know um is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, well like okay you know uh okay led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other you know I mean okay um uh okay lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a so I mean um well I mean I mean MF patch only the club know what those are used like okay I mean well okay okay for or signify law enforcement theorizes with the help um like uh okay so like of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish so okay so uh you know I mean literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he so well so well um uh is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers you know uh you know so you know uh that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty like like um I mean so so Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal okay okay um so um um project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free like well okay okay uh I mean as an early birthday gift from Kevin to his fans okay uh I mean you know like uh and was met with positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other so uh um so you know well hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong okay okay you know okay well okay Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf um okay I mean uh well um sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council and okay well you know um so so fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent of uh I mean like so I mean I mean Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, an you know um well uh so well area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems since you know uh um like okay okay the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on like well you know I mean I mean okay 6 March 1856, set sail for England on board so I mean I mean so well um the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because uh well I mean I mean um well the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under okay so okay well okay well the by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like the well um you know like uh I mean Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices on like I mean you know you know uh well Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human body like so uh so well you know and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; I mean um okay okay like uh the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was also well um you know well so like being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV and UKIP. The uh okay so uh uh okay Tory party also refused to run a candidate in Fermanagh well um so I mean like you know South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the I mean um so I mean you know I mean son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, and like well uh like um like during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in the 'Bulletin' I mean you know well I mean so you know daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro uh okay so so I mean um Z28 then parks the car in front of the school okay you know um you know uh um with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal was okay uh you know like well um granted independence, with only brief periods of English occupation during okay so you know so like uh the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin okay I mean um you know I mean um Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese I mean uh so uh like okay actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and so so like I mean uh okay builds on the existing body of query language issues, many um you know okay I mean like um of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, um like like well I mean well for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and you know uh um um well like kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, 1801 like so you know you know I mean uh -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son of well um well so like like Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band so so uh okay well um The Living End, it is the second track uh you know you know uh well like and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the well I mean well uh well you know city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in the so so so okay so I mean tournament and became the first nation from America and uh okay okay um so well only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched by okay uh uh I mean okay you know international institutes, universities and market research companies, it's estimated um um um well you know um in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it um I mean like uh you know like first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to with Blizzard like so um uh you know well Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating and have I mean I mean okay you know you know uh had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the okay okay so like okay well capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in um I mean so I mean uh um the history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member of well you know so okay well okay Parliament for the district of Western Arctic in okay I mean uh so well I mean the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern so so well okay uh you know Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was well uh like okay like okay the petitioner in one of the best known habeas corpus you know um um so like um cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the well like well uh uh okay R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance services, branch well like uh like you know so off to Estació de França, so that the R2 only well um uh um so uh shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids well um so um I mean like off plants and thus kills them from the impact so well uh I mean like like or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it well like well I mean you know I mean became apparent that she lacked a campaign message, outside of her you know uh okay you know uh okay 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able um you know okay so well okay to flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning hiding um you know okay you know well I mean in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their well well well okay okay I mean first tour arranged by new label Fearless Records you know well like okay like um - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris you know like well uh so like at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions well so well uh okay so of South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in uh you know um uh well okay North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at like like um okay okay well Duke and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards like um um you know well um the two parents: a version for the mother and one for um um okay uh I mean you know the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security I mean well like you know so like Archive, CORU was created to unify five different well um uh okay uh uh Cuban exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the I mean so I mean well I mean like Nazis following German invasion of Poland and was not to um I mean okay like um so be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched like well uh okay so okay a plan to make her move in with him, which like um well okay like okay worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written well okay I mean uh well so Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes you know you know okay I mean I mean um to allowing same - sex couples to jointly so uh uh um um um petition for adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level like okay like well I mean like of shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) you know um um you know so okay is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten uh so um um well you know seasons with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 you know you know well you know okay okay March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in the I mean so you know well uh you know 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the number you know um so uh you know like of games he played for both Charlton and China, uh so um um like okay he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never you know so uh you know uh well put into action due to limitations in funds and uh so um so well I mean the belief that the tides of the war were okay um okay you know like uh beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ well like okay like okay um Church, Oxford, and was subsequently made a Fellow of okay um uh uh okay uh Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on online rental services, okay so okay uh like um and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with okay okay um so okay okay the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel okay well okay I mean like um or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in um well okay like uh you know memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on you know you know like you know well well Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, so so so you know you know you know Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he okay like like uh okay I mean sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and um so so I mean okay uh tells the camera that his mother has never wanted okay so I mean uh uh I mean to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the uh so okay so well okay engine and propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, um uh so you know like okay BaraHatti) are a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found you know you know uh so you know so predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of well okay so well you know okay time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left arm while Sheamus' like uh well well I mean I mean was in the ropes and refused to stop at well like uh okay you know like the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly like you know um okay I mean okay its first hearing in 100 years, took uh okay so so well okay place at the Golders Green Hippodrome in London on I mean so uh you know well um 2 August 1975; this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan like you know um okay I mean well Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of well I mean like I mean um okay Joe Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State well I mean um so um like Nittany Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned you know uh I mean you know so I mean by Paterno friends and Family to Design the sculpture so I mean you know okay I mean so of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin like okay well um I mean like and injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet I mean uh well okay so okay and after spending one and a half years in Kalimpong like well like okay you know I mean he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided so so I mean um I mean um the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater well I mean um well uh well than the coupling coefficient, then much of the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de so um okay I mean uh um Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of um uh you know you know I mean I mean the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to well uh so so I mean uh close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over um uh well you know well so 7 minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it was I mean well so okay I mean I mean considered a possibility that Soro would be named prime minister in so like uh um okay so a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision okay you know I mean uh uh uh to sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count you know okay um I mean well I mean Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Emo I mean well well okay okay well sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced okay uh uh well okay um that there will be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later so you know well okay you know well became Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina you know like so well uh um County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and like uh well well you know I mean then cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and equipments I mean uh well so I mean well worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her like well I mean I mean uh um home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in this process, like you know uh uh you know I mean and to this end, the 51st Division was uh uh I mean well like I mean transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to uh okay like well so uh Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic well like like uh okay okay bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and Magic, was okay um um I mean you know so given the role, and digitally added to scenes so well I mean uh uh well in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon I mean I mean like well like um that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role well um I mean um um um in the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus so uh um uh you know I mean in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands um so you know like uh I mean for him to relinquish control of the company, so like well okay um um but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices so well uh like like you know are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his so um I mean um um you know stake in the business to David Thompson who began like okay um like well like Owen Owens expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the you know um well uh like like now defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to so um okay I mean um you know appear on MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and okay so um um so I mean the song was added to the track list you know I mean so I mean you know I mean of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, okay I mean so well you know you know for example, many criminals display this type of selfish uh uh um so like I mean behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for I mean um uh okay so like himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake so you know you know you know like uh for the town of Broken Hill, western New South you know so I mean so well so Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a well I mean um so I mean well burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's relationship well like okay uh um um quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, like um well so so um patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, so I mean okay well well okay 'Guiana Boy', which was published in 1960 ( re-issued you know I mean you know uh um um as 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), I mean uh I mean okay so you know and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many I mean I mean um uh well well times mostly because of the regime change in the country, like um I mean uh well um for example, when Latvia was a part of like so well um okay I mean the USSR it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a um like um okay I mean um contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot like uh so so so well and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in well um so you know so well the 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought so like you know so you know uh into the Essendon team for his debut in the Round, 1 I mean uh well I mean you know um clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and I mean you know I mean you know so so in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs well you know you know okay so uh which are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, you know um um um uh well though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played like um you know uh well like there until 1943 after which he played for several other clubs like well okay uh okay um including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he like you know so like um well had never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It okay I mean well uh you know so in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line and I mean uh I mean I mean I mean so an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the okay so you know like well well principles of American conservatism - although it promotes small okay well uh well you know you know government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous like well uh well so well action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large you know like you know so like so numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary you know um well okay like I mean vanguard elite to lead society, but he no longer you know okay well like like well advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led okay like like uh um I mean by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book by Peter uh like uh well like so Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors examine moral you know like I mean I mean okay well issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub um um I mean so um I mean located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway so okay I mean you know like like in Camden, New Jersey served by the River LINE, well like I mean I mean um you know the Broadway Station of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the International okay you know um uh you know well Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his father died, like I mean you know uh um so giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated like so uh uh like well him to the Defense Council but the um um I mean um I mean you know Quaid - i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language um I mean you know well I mean uh release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability okay well you know okay well so to fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but by you know well like you know so um who? , tom shows his sisters who can not like uh so like well well help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work uh I mean you know uh I mean like and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in 1978 I mean okay you know I mean so well by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the uh um so um okay like main square in Zlin by thousands of people cheering him uh I mean um okay well you know and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, well you know like well like so and / or disinfect that are less damaging to uh um I mean uh you know okay the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender uh okay well um uh uh in the 2000s following the drafting of several players, among okay so so okay so um them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, like well well uh well well who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number you know like so okay um um of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- um um you know like okay so 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of okay like like you know so you know Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World you know uh you know well well um War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, uh um I mean well um well originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part of um like so uh well well it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis like you know uh well like uh G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness area in New okay you know uh um like I mean York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States um well you know okay like um Congress has decided that abortion is legal until the uh okay I mean you know like um soul enters the body, which is specified as the moment uh okay so so so like a person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long leat which so like okay so uh um dates from 1493 along with some meadows were acquired by Peter like like okay well uh you know in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, I mean I mean you know okay like okay where he was a three - year starter and you know like I mean you know uh um played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if so I mean well you know like um not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona so you know like you know you know I mean Cardinals, McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and so I mean so you know um okay made his first regular season touchdown pass, uh okay well well like so completing the game with 11 - of - um okay like uh well um 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and like so I mean okay uh uh graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved okay I mean you know um well well to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves I mean uh well uh you know uh ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same year uh I mean like so um I mean. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of you know uh well okay I mean um Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 well so well you know um um to 1957, training in Nevada and California and I mean um you know uh I mean okay eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and well I mean like um so like Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts as um uh well well like okay Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory uh um well okay uh um Cell that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, uh you know okay I mean okay well as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which so you know um I mean um uh she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old you know well okay you know so so maps in the secret archives, and even those which I mean like um okay so okay Xiao He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a you know um you know you know okay you know series of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan contacted so so um okay well well Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at the like like you know well so so charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his um well uh well you know uh contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing you know uh I mean well like I mean regular assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving complex problems, you know okay okay I mean like um advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory okay like um well okay okay as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or well uh so like so well the Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and okay you know okay well okay well the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company uh so I mean okay so okay was under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 well so um so you know um separate states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's like uh uh um okay like Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the you know so I mean well I mean well French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and okay well well I mean well um Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the like you know well um so okay effort to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from like you know um you know you know you know France and established rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, well um you know like uh uh Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional uh um uh okay uh okay Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket for I mean um like you know like so the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform campaign well so well um okay like centered around EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring I mean like well you know uh so producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its okay I mean you know I mean well so MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well so um uh uh I mean uh as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 goals I mean like you know so you know well for the Bulldogs before he played his last game in well like like you know so uh 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in uh um like I mean uh uh kanjikoil panchayat town in Erode district in the okay uh you know like um like Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari uh well um I mean like I mean on loan for the season, with Bari having the option I mean um um well uh I mean to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th you know you know well well uh uh Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the well okay so um well well run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the uh okay so I mean I mean like three Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for the I mean like um well okay uh line in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; like like uh okay uh I mean she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable controversy so so I mean you know I mean like over the colour of the Australian flags so okay um well okay like used at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament like um you know like so like house in Canberra, where a lithograph by um okay well um I mean um an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on um okay so so so okay October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for well okay well like you know well Lifetime titled Exit 19, revolving around a single so so like like uh you know mother who struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI like well like I mean uh uh requesting to be released from the priesthood, in which you know um uh well okay so he admitted molesting children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit okay well so okay you know like is not equivalent to the distance in normal space; well I mean I mean so I mean like two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Gaga so you know like okay um so since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' uh you know you know well so like and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar okay uh uh well okay okay drafted a petition containing similar language to the um okay um uh um well convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the car like you know okay okay I mean okay park, and as one of them attempts to unlock the okay okay okay so um um door with his key, they hear a strange noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught you know I mean okay um well you know himself by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been related well you know well uh uh well by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World okay well like um you know uh Cup and starring well - known football players from national teams um you know okay um okay so and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' - you know okay well you know I mean like taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by like you know uh so okay um buses and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and I mean I mean well you know um well nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a you know well I mean you know uh um dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by the so I mean well so uh you know Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well as on an episode uh well I mean uh I mean like of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for I mean okay okay well so you know pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First uh you know uh uh um okay Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit you know like like well I mean okay. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem I mean you know okay well like you know written by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper you know I mean so you know so um Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, like um like okay I mean uh then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to um uh well you know um uh put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories where you know okay you know um like like the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder uh well uh so well I mean of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother and you know I mean like okay you know you know cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted so uh you know okay well well as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press like so you know um so I mean TV, the Iranian government's English - language TV channel so um um okay I mean you know until December 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the so you know okay you know you know so breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do not serve uh uh you know so well so as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an okay uh uh um so like British TV chef and actor he originally trained as uh okay I mean um you know um a chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara um so I mean okay like well era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar I mean you know so you know um so del Río Province and profits were initially robust enough that I mean you know so uh so you know Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to the well like like like well well Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting you know okay so like uh you know more crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away you know um uh well well so hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal okay okay um okay so well town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to so I mean like I mean you know well kill his friend and instead joins forces with Yash um okay um you know you know okay to execute a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has I mean um well well so I mean been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, I mean uh I mean I mean uh I mean because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening well uh like you know like well and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than uh I mean um so uh I mean zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft of like um uh uh um well the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters you know like uh um you know you know of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder okay like like I mean I mean you know frame, the wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were channel uh you know well so uh like eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of the so so um like so you know Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the so like I mean like uh you know Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and was so um well I mean I mean okay ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 1981, like well um well um I mean for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her okay I mean well okay uh I mean Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in like uh so um like well Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ like well you know you know uh um 4000 prize for the longest flight from England to the I mean I mean uh well um okay Continent in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking I mean well you know okay so like water from the reservoir to use for m mayor William Hartsfield okay um like you know uh okay traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard well well well um okay like Russell, Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in Serbia such you know I mean well okay uh I mean as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the um um I mean um um like Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more okay I mean like so like uh than minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy is you know well uh okay um okay not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged you know um okay okay so so in Belton's death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister you know well okay so um okay and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the well I mean uh okay um well John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the well I mean well you know okay well special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services like like so okay like so level with about half the firefighters being Certified uh you know well like uh like First Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the uh uh you know I mean I mean you know environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with well like you know I mean um I mean piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very much greater um like um well okay well in West Africa than in the regions from which um you know um you know like uh the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, you know like okay like well well and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South well I mean okay okay I mean I mean and has helped the school reach academic excellence well so like like um so over the other two high schools in the district um so I mean well like you know as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren okay you know you know so you know like deserved to die for killing Tara or Katrina, but you know um you know you know um you know she and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium so um well well I mean you know in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat okay so well okay so uh when the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek well you know okay okay uh okay re-election and won by a 16 % margin of victory okay I mean you know so like uh in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop uh well well um so like artists such as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and like I mean uh so you know I mean is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent with like uh I mean uh I mean I mean her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, uh um well you know well so The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote the I mean uh you know uh um so screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was okay so uh okay I mean um a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known by uh like okay okay so like some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and okay so uh you know I mean you know drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; well so I mean well like uh their wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the you know you know uh like um uh regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though like like like so okay uh this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in so um I mean well I mean okay areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a uh okay um um okay um plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to well uh okay so um I mean test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which so you know okay well uh okay makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian Philip Davis like I mean well okay um okay was also produced to coincide with the single release, and uh uh so uh uh so was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and okay like well uh um like his tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and um uh okay well well um intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work you know I mean so I mean okay like of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the like so uh um like um Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah so okay well uh um um at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, I mean I mean well well you know like such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from so so I mean um I mean well the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce like um uh like um I mean and none of which lasted more than three years, she you know like uh so you know I mean acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously so I mean well you know well like treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by okay like um like well so Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group released their like okay um like um well debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage to various areas well okay um um uh well of the Pacific coast in northeast Japan, and Fukushima uh uh uh um um well faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and he so so okay you know I mean well wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as well as a so so uh okay uh well devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships the okay well you know I mean like uh lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the American lifestyle I mean uh I mean okay um okay to millions of Chinese viewers and her role on 'Hello okay like um okay uh like Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no okay okay so um like okay longer accepting GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs you know so uh well so I mean jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have been preserved so um I mean you know you know I mean with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Road like uh okay you know you know I mean in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists um uh well uh okay um of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the uh so so uh I mean uh hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various jobs well I mean I mean okay um you know including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and okay okay like well um uh theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red like so I mean I mean so um Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have uh I mean um uh so um been more pleased with the production of okay um you know well okay uh 'Soul - Crusher' than any other previous recording and praised you know so so um I mean I mean Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, like well so like I mean okay growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 so well I mean like I mean um to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the University of well so um um uh uh Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing uh you know you know like you know well at the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made um so well well uh so her first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season of I mean like um well like I mean 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in Indian so uh um you know like um economy in the globalisaton context was first of kind okay um uh uh um um in the country. The book in this area like so so I mean I mean well is two volumes published with the co operation of 25 you know I mean so uh well well scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather who um so well like I mean so she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and well uh um um like well as the Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron well you know so I mean so I mean punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a borrowing um you know I mean so so like from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is that you know um you know I mean I mean so Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from okay okay well so well you know China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the like like well like well well revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a you know uh I mean I mean so I mean large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of well I mean uh you know okay uh national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored well uh you know okay uh okay Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the well like like like well like Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school system well okay you know you know like well primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since the introduction um you know like so so um of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the I mean you know uh I mean you know okay city and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful well I mean I mean um so okay of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil you know so um you know well um to have won a national title - the 1973 Torneio do Povo you know like you know well um uh and to have competed in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in this uh like well like okay you know sense -- in humans, there are believed to be so like so like I mean okay none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to so okay so like so I mean fans, due to the fact that Andrew I mean well um okay well so Fletcher was unable to continue with the increasingly grueling so okay so well you know well travel and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the okay like um I mean you know like river 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by well I mean well I mean well like air, and 54km southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly you know well so okay I mean well monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) well uh um um well okay was captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two um well so like uh I mean voyages from Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of um so uh I mean um so the Lebanese National Anthem and another of the uh well I mean okay um you know Lebanese Forces Cross; the latter she got in 2012 you know so okay um like I mean after a bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson uh so okay okay so okay took 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, so you know like okay okay like and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their I mean so I mean like uh um opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former okay so okay okay I mean you know track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the you know uh you know you know you know I mean future domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt and well okay you know okay um so also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county has a total uh so like you know I mean I mean area of, of which is land and (1. 05 uh um I mean you know I mean you know %) is water. T he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A uh uh you know uh you know I mean Lesson in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture so uh um like you know you know out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are well you know okay well you know like Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and is considered I mean so um um I mean well an above - average skater he also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four like so like well well like - of - a - kind and try to uh so so I mean like I mean throw a Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The um well like well uh um player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he so well okay so um like will kill anyone who comes to find him before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they like well like uh so you know were regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige having like you know like I mean well uh chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French well okay uh I mean like like Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although okay you know uh so I mean uh at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling like um okay uh I mean you know and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located you know okay uh uh so okay in Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as uh you know uh like you know okay much as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants and so so like you know um well landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign of Naas' uh like I mean like uh I mean and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a um you know uh okay so so newsletter of the Union of Clare Students which was well so uh um well uh padded out with comedy articles, and gradually turned okay I mean uh I mean um so into a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in so you know uh like well you know calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 +, I mean so so so okay like the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), uh okay I mean okay well um and automatic downstep, where a H following a so well I mean I mean like you know L is always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in West Africa, I mean so um you know well I mean which involved the pledge of a person ( like like um okay uh you know or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a different style show well um well like I mean I mean than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that okay I mean uh um well uh they are now more intelligent and can speak. They take lana to you know you know you know well so uh the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home well well um you know okay you know for the Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, I mean uh okay I mean I mean I mean Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field and is uh I mean I mean I mean so well currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in okay okay um like well you know his 1949 account that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed well well uh you know okay so to report the sighting until after they had landed like uh okay uh uh okay and even had tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated were created like so well I mean like well by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before enrolling so um like I mean uh okay at the Prince of Wales Royal Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a like uh you know um um you know historical manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served you know you know I mean like um so 2, 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of succession and I mean um well I mean uh well by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the well okay uh okay well so Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you know so like uh I mean um you can knock when it's your turn with 7 okay like um uh okay uh or less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the um well uh I mean I mean okay current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles like uh I mean like so you know. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre uh okay I mean like uh uh and Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; like um like so like well he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children I mean um okay okay I mean so Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from the you know uh like you know okay like institute had collaborated with Laine on information by for his so okay I mean well um well the book about the founder of the Maratha Empire, I mean I mean uh uh so um Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts well uh okay you know I mean okay tell of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was like um so uh um you know the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to um you know um um you know like 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after so so well um like so an Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named you know like I mean like okay I mean Vivian Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to okay uh well well so um three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York I mean you know like um well so Telephone before he was elected to the New York you know okay uh so uh uh State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in 2009 okay uh I mean you know well um Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line with like um well I mean you know well the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers I mean okay I mean well like uh at 137; the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation for like so well well okay I mean seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody you know well okay you know okay I mean tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown that well I mean well um I mean so substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow well well uh well I mean well and South Western Railway, but other companies made little so uh you know well like you know use of it; however the general goods terminal at College became um you know like so okay like important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him so um I mean um um like to escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the so well I mean well um like live set - we shot the video last week you know you know like so um um and invited a bunch of our friends and fans uh I mean I mean I mean okay you know down to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' uh um like okay well uh (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the Hump um okay I mean okay um like operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international relations um like okay okay well okay and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin okay like you know okay so like Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which like well well so so I mean stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - okay so I mean like you know um Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three I mean you know you know okay I mean like years later After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who okay okay okay so uh okay (Ibid) and spent the rest of his ministry there, you know like uh you know okay um amongst other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard so um well like uh so Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, um like okay I mean well I mean during his 13 minutes of playing time, he okay like you know um like like had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, okay uh you know like I mean um died 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, a twenty like you know you know I mean okay well - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed uh okay you know uh okay okay by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch uh like well so so I mean and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements you know you know okay I mean uh you know the NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure you know okay um okay uh so using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from I mean like I mean like I mean um an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at least well so so um um like one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific okay like like um um like Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is I mean you know um you know you know well the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC well uh you know um well I mean as a studio analyst for two seasons, until he uh you know so uh I mean I mean received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent well okay uh uh well okay towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on well you know you know okay okay so 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 well like um um well I mean to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and like you know well like uh like became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on behalf of the okay I mean well uh so okay CILIP who assumed the ownership of the title in you know well um okay okay okay 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the FX network well like well well okay uh as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a so uh like you know um uh silver medal at the Pan American Games in um like um well so okay Mar del Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest I mean like like like okay uh company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other okay well I mean um like uh product in the roofing market, so it is fitting that a okay um so well I mean well local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication I mean well like so okay um (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often okay okay okay like okay I mean confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, like I mean you know like well you know and refers to the spears (there is a better, liturgical I mean like okay so okay well word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway I mean okay I mean I mean okay like and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half I mean okay well uh well uh - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted I mean well uh uh uh like assistant coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he um well I mean like so I mean was heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American um okay um like um well actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical you know uh okay like you know so family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of uh so well I mean um like the three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer and like um okay um okay um cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the like like like okay uh um American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and uh okay well like uh you know was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor I mean like so you know you know uh had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by um so um well um so English musician and former Beatle George Harrison that was like I mean well okay um I mean released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of Newcastle well like you know um you know so and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later um um you know like so I mean changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the premiere I mean uh um I mean like um of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming well like uh okay I mean uh from all around the world though the vast majority are so uh well um like so Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one you know well so okay uh uh who gets into school, going from grade 1 - 7 with you know okay you know uh you know well students then expected to pass the exams set by uh I mean you know like so um the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was marked well you know well so you know uh for life by the horrors of the Revolution when uh like you know okay I mean okay in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the authority um so I mean you know so you know of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six uh well well um like like in men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, okay like you know I mean well so until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney like so okay okay um uh Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen I mean so like you know you know uh launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is like like I mean okay like um adsorbed on a surface - the STM image may appear to well I mean you know so um so have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and uh okay I mean well well you know many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage so um like so well like the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April you know um like like so so 1914) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to so well like like so uh that of Jan Be, who is also known for his so I mean so you know you know well witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with well uh well so I mean uh the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, okay so like like I mean I mean F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 1369 well I mean okay so you know well Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of um okay I mean you know well uh Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that um so I mean well okay you know she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee so you know I mean I mean like um in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, like I mean well um you know uh in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and okay okay I mean uh you know uh announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of Halle, so you know like I mean okay um to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation okay so so like um um from the mainstream social world and complete commitment to uh well like like um uh liberation from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, I mean I mean you know um um you know while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted so like okay okay like like in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian tribes you know okay so so uh well that had been gathered by Aurelian for his Eastern um you know um well well I mean campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and some uh like well well uh uh prose. Many og the writings were of high quality like okay so I mean like okay and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at Disney well you know well you know you know uh World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at okay so um I mean um like Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician okay I mean uh like okay okay of Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he well okay I mean I mean um I mean is shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely you know well like so I mean okay boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, a parapsychologist like well well well okay uh (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought like okay I mean I mean uh you know to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its well uh okay so so you know own right begins in the 6th century BC with like I mean uh um you know okay the Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of love like um okay um so well between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led um like I mean so okay like to protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San Juan Hill you know um I mean you know okay um began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly okay so I mean I mean uh um won position on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School uh well um uh so I mean from 1919 to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to like you know uh okay okay you know 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy like uh you know uh I mean so game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian um so uh uh so like police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel like well you know I mean so you know II of Spain after the First Carlist War uh uh so um so uh to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini okay um um well so you know insurgents formally laid down their arms and received monetary compensation from like like like uh uh okay the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to uh like so uh so so move to Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay uh so so I mean okay I mean ended his contract with the Belgian club at the end I mean um um uh like you know of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with uh like like uh so well the 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard which had uh like I mean so well I mean been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he um well okay you know you know I mean returned to New York in 1953 and started writing, first well well well uh okay so for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, the uh I mean uh well well I mean fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, okay okay okay so you know like released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard so so well uh you know so of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less than a so like like like like you know duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being called well like you know so well like Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X you know I mean so you know uh okay Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring um so well um okay you know for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and served you know um so so you know uh as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end you know well you know you know like so of the period of secondary education and students who you know so you know you know um so qualify are allowed to pursue a two - year okay you know well well um so pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Wilson's okay well you know okay like I mean ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of um like you know well you know so the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a uh um I mean like well uh registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways of you know uh so like you know okay India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - top I mean uh okay uh well I mean size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods of I mean like okay uh um you know time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary I mean well uh you know okay I mean Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took part well so you know I mean you know so in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if the so like okay so so uh song is notably about Portland, although the song may additionally like you know okay so well like be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this I mean like well well well well list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in PPE okay you know so you know I mean um from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples um uh like uh um uh in them that have not been cleared, however there is you know uh uh so well so generally no legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the I mean um so well you know so new FM all - sports format and had success against okay um uh um like well WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise okay I mean like uh okay I mean that until the mid 20th century houses were heated uh you know uh I mean I mean uh by open fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the well uh uh uh um like lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving you know like I mean I mean okay um on to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - like you know um you know okay so Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first well well like like like you know semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V okay you know uh okay uh so available with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre like well you know um you know okay engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance than so uh like I mean so so pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used to you know okay uh so okay I mean go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try their um okay well I mean uh uh hands at a ouija board, they don't realize at first that you know okay like um well well they have summonned a jinn, who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity so okay um well well um was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, like um okay like um I mean he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the IRA no well well so like okay um longer had a Chief of Staff, there was no longer a like you know so okay so you know GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, there wasn't so you know uh like you know well even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw well uh so you know um um but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write like so um okay well well religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did okay I mean well okay so like and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without I mean I mean so um okay you know any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, was okay um uh well well well that the material was pulled up from the offering bowls by uh I mean well you know well okay Hindu worshipper at a temple in south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their houses okay so I mean um so I mean. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it would you know well like um um okay bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original uh uh okay um I mean okay member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and okay like you know okay you know uh sought out and found him; he lost his entire you know uh so I mean uh like fortune and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to the um uh okay like well uh dragon, but the memory of tying her to the stake, awaiting you know I mean I mean I mean so you know death with her eyes open and dry, still sometimes disturbs his dreams uh you know I mean like you know well. That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End of the like I mean uh I mean like so War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British Labour I mean uh uh you know so um Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of Parliament (MP) I mean well I mean like well you know for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into I mean you know uh you know uh you know various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the so so well well okay okay information from his mother but she never recognises him um I mean okay like uh I mean when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established like so you know you know uh okay a nest in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the so you know um I mean um well River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and so uh uh like you know okay Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign um um I mean uh like I mean Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the like uh so uh well so world, they do not show much; in a Christmas special so okay I mean I mean uh you know Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and um I mean uh like well well John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal leadership uh um you know so I mean like in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag okay uh I mean I mean um uh year the second outing of Eight Women was I mean uh I mean um like you know far more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in uh like you know uh um I mean Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest so okay so I mean like you know leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, painter, okay I mean so uh um uh and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does not stop you know um um so I mean you know here, since it bypasses using the center express tracks on its okay uh um like well like way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal um so I mean like you know like had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, uh I mean okay you know uh so Miners Arms, The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, you know uh I mean like you know you know two Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the okay okay you know you know you know I mean city of Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, passing okay like um I mean well I mean through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and I mean well you know um okay I mean immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of okay I mean uh like you know um the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers -- these so um well you know uh like were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south well uh you know I mean well like coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded California you know I mean I mean okay so I mean champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came into the Breeders' so uh um like like okay Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such as the well okay uh I mean okay so local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St well okay I mean I mean you know I mean. Albert, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who made I mean uh uh you know like well his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as 'Americans', well um um well um well a term deriving from 'America'; in the English context, it came so I mean like so you know I mean to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be done I mean um okay well I mean like in private, but the pagan priests said it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in so okay uh well so so Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball second um uh I mean uh well like baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the um well uh um um you know goo, and Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', well so you know well uh uh who was missing, put them in the okay like I mean you know like I mean goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities well um so well I mean I mean as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed as Asia's you know you know so okay I mean like first botanical garden, although it was predated by okay like so okay uh like others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and um okay uh okay well well track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, like like uh well uh so at UFC 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges well I mean okay you know well okay scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from like well okay like you know like Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, well um okay well well well died February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was I mean you know um like you know well a rock drummer and session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their uh I mean you know like uh you know opener, thus setting the record for most consecutive so um so so uh um losses during a single season in NFL history, so like okay so well okay which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies you know like uh um um so (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at uh I mean I mean uh you know I mean the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 I mean like okay well so um from Nashville, Jim found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity um so like uh you know you know and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus uh uh I mean like you know okay Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of okay I mean I mean so like so being dishonest, and was accused of forcing some I mean you know you know you know uh okay to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for like so you know like you know I mean electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone like well so well um well (SASZ), among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern okay you know you know like you know um United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- 5 I mean um I mean you know um so December 1991) was a German naval officer during World War um I mean like you know like you know II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album tracks, so okay you know uh okay like 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run I mean you know uh you know I mean like for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, uh okay okay like so so featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no uh well so okay okay well life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent a well like I mean I mean uh okay number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team okay well um you know well so that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 due um I mean uh I mean like so to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a Hawaiian um I mean like I mean uh um double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and so uh so uh um um editorial board for the database and its network of over you know like you know you know you know I mean 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, so um you know uh I mean uh a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 okay I mean okay you know I mean like. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who uh okay I mean so so okay watched on closed - circuit screens around the world um well uh like um so the Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of uh like you know I mean well you know 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd well so you know so okay okay team title in 24 years despite the fact okay well like like uh um that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained you know well I mean uh um uh in English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from um okay I mean like uh um onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in philology uh so uh um uh like and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with I um um so like well okay - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown Boise, where okay you know well you know so okay I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home you know uh uh I mean you know um town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to um um you know okay well well TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding so I mean so uh uh you know to the five forms of entry, And there is I mean uh okay um um so a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most you know okay okay uh I mean um famous work, ', in which he argued that uh um okay like so so the cockfight served as a pastiche of wider Balinese society uh okay you know I mean like well from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of New so okay so you know I mean I mean Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year - so so I mean okay um um old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life so like okay uh I mean you know 2', an amputated part of it exists as well I mean okay like okay like an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first well I mean I mean um uh uh professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania I mean well so you know okay so (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester you know um okay you know so uh Police Department who is assigned to investigate the murder of so um um I mean like like a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body is um okay I mean um you know like found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory um I mean so so okay like where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock like like um I mean well okay Holliday who lived in a Western dimension did away with uh I mean like um okay uh the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows is like so I mean you know so like that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug I mean I mean well like um uh rehabilitation program and after finding out that he uh you know like well okay okay had only a few months left to live, he committed you know so well I mean I mean like suicide on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from uh well uh so um um a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric well well I mean um okay well oxide molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act like like well um okay well on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was like well like well uh um quite normal for a fighter - sized target) and the so I mean uh you know so you know loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, uh okay well well like you know that on midnight, that day, the JMA like so like um I mean like furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste (usually well like so uh okay well mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order of Merit, Ccoming you know well like so uh uh after a titanic battle with Paul Casey and David um like well uh I mean like Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album I mean I mean uh so so so featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in well you know well um I mean well the 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied um okay you know so you know um by several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan well okay well I mean uh well Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for I mean well so so you know okay an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve okay I mean well well you know I mean airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi uh uh so um like um Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of okay um um well well um the city, at the southwest corner of the busiest like well so so okay so intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or uh like I mean um I mean okay other obstacle the tank would stop and the rockets I mean um like well uh okay fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 okay okay um well well like acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property well so well so uh okay by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing like um you know uh like well and services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, so I mean um you know you know uh a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old friend Vasu so uh you know um well well (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps um you know um um um you know penetrate the opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage I mean you know okay so well so to the underlying bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in I mean like uh so um you know the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a criminal or I mean so you know um like like a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in you know you know well uh uh so London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term so uh okay well like so lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is I mean so uh okay I mean um a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as such you know like I mean so um well on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to well uh like okay I mean uh prevent balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the so I mean like so okay uh end of a defined track on a playing field like okay I mean so so uh which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky or well well okay you know um uh sandy and the football team found it difficult to schedule well like um um okay okay home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', uh okay well so I mean okay and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over you know well uh so well so Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: okay uh I mean okay I mean um Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, uh uh well like you know uh 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in so um you know well like I mean older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the like like um well like well techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with okay like so so okay so an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in so uh uh okay uh like the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai uh uh I mean well okay um soon afterwards: his two younger siblings left for so so I mean okay like okay the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University well you know um I mean well okay of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks and so uh you know well okay um adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed you know okay uh okay you know uh between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main you know well like you know um you know presenters on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, um uh I mean okay uh like Newsnighthe joined the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 like you know I mean well I mean uh -- 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with like well um well okay well a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released on okay I mean um like I mean um cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted so uh okay so so well him in absentia, and she forces him to agree well well so okay I mean okay to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and uh uh like well okay you know Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he like uh you know so okay uh briefly held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind Me um you know like like so so Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before um like so uh so so announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was not um you know so you know uh you know reinstated in the Second Division and they played in the well well like uh okay uh amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function I mean um I mean well so I mean can now be seen to be carrying out these well uh so like uh so latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us to ask new you know okay so I mean like you know kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller uh okay I mean you know well like in 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, well um I mean so well you know Once Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to okay like like uh uh you know be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made uh well um so well uh over 8000 runs in his career yet has uh uh you know well like uh failed to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, The so like you know um I mean you know Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 well I mean well so you know uh January 1850, a single line was open to you know uh like uh uh like public traffic through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was uh you know you know like you know so part of various bands until deciding to go solo in okay you know I mean I mean like um 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school I mean like I mean well okay well from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, so uh like um like uh northwest of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine you know I mean well I mean like uh Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with okay you know so uh okay like wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing the player I mean um like well um I mean to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this choice well so uh you know okay like by saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes okay I mean like uh so okay throughout the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often involve uh like uh um well like romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism you know like okay okay so well and fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in Bagram, I mean okay like like well you know found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls and other objects um so well you know um so including statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the uh um you know uh um um association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of okay I mean uh well uh you know seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose members well like you know I mean uh like identify with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the okay okay um so well you know end of the 2010 season, with ten, including best single I mean I mean okay uh okay okay - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of people in okay um so so you know well five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - like you know I mean uh like so al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully recover like uh okay okay like okay and some parts of it remained icy, he was unable so you know so so you know well to return them to normal, he became afraid of it you know uh well well uh I mean and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern you know um so well okay um in space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time you know you know like okay well uh crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with okay uh I mean like you know okay numerous academic papers and is probably best known for his okay I mean so I mean uh like widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in the um uh you know um like like league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted from the um um you know I mean well uh Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items okay I mean you know okay uh like of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was okay like well well okay I mean unsuccessful in doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, I mean um uh so you know okay Harris Academy's former Perth Road building was lit like I mean uh you know so you know on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for his work like well uh I mean uh um on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - born okay like okay I mean you know so writer, currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center of so I mean like uh okay I mean City University of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern okay well so you know um I mean Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student and okay uh so okay um uh transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to print okay so like okay um okay the name of current working directory, if the shell I mean okay so uh so like prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to uh um um um okay um typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you assign thsi return value okay well you know okay so I mean to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, like like well um well um a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan um like I mean so so um that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, like um so well you know okay instead of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', like uh um so well you know are there to reassure the invitee that there would like okay I mean okay okay you know be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning as okay okay so so well well explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district I mean okay so okay I mean well ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), like you know well okay I mean like is an initiative launched by young Lebanese so um uh so so okay artists / intellectuals back in march 2010 on well you know um you know you know okay Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was uh well you know um uh you know an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in the so so like okay like I mean Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo um um I mean well well uh Crews to qualify for the Money in the Bank ladder match you know um well I mean okay okay at the Money in the Bank pay - per - view, okay like um okay you know okay where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city uh you know uh like so I mean of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy you know you know okay well okay um and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first I mean so uh um well okay headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis of okay you know well I mean okay I mean their personal appeal and also those candidates who are uh you know well okay uh I mean sidelined by party political rivals within party but confident to um so like uh you know so make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, I mean you know you know so okay you know currently i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e well like like well uh like. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of so I mean okay well you know so high - rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - um okay well I mean I mean I mean Sea, Essex and her love of acting began with like um I mean well uh so the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although um um okay uh um okay Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior okay um you know well you know you know and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to new well I mean um you know um I mean allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan for invasion okay well you know I mean like like. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable firms, uh okay um you know uh you know and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an of uh so I mean okay well um the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary star uh um okay so uh uh in the constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, villagers well I mean I mean well okay like throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, uh I mean you know well I mean like such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the okay okay um like like uh Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying well like uh uh so so competition, and they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain well uh uh um okay I mean and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also um I mean uh well well I mean known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born um uh okay uh uh um 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks like well uh you know so so the Man in Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, with well so I mean well you know uh the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the scanning like you know uh uh you know uh unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the position previously you know uh like like uh so occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He I mean like like okay uh I mean persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an like um I mean so okay uh Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from uh you know well okay um well the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is well well uh I mean like I mean an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to you know well um well like so bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the I mean well um well uh you know arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career uh like um I mean um you know as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, you know uh um uh so so 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who um uh well you know uh well was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated well okay well uh you know I mean in the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many you know like well uh um like inspirational bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider I mean um like like like um and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month with a okay uh like uh um uh blush on his face, but was reduced to a homeless um you know okay um okay you know bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number uh like uh uh uh you know of posts in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on like you know um I mean um well the Continent for King Henry V. In 1429, he was elected well okay um so like so Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in well uh like you know I mean you know 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker you know you know uh I mean like so of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the well well okay so I mean so 2nd century A. D. It was replaced by so okay well like so you know the Panhellenion, established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada so like so so you know you know Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their uh like um um like okay friend Kenny out of jail for $ 100, 000 after you know um so okay I mean uh he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced like okay I mean okay like um by its success and sexual content, as its sexual - like I mean um you know so uh explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and led you know okay I mean you know um well to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War the so like okay uh I mean well powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used to jam um you know well you know I mean I mean German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris and um uh I mean well uh well contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a like you know okay I mean okay I mean building material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began I mean like I mean uh so I mean as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor so um well uh okay okay who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east like I mean like so so okay and west, it has traces of western sound like Rock, Jazz, Blues like well well okay well you know as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, who uh um uh so uh well he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of uh well like uh I mean you know the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious clash uh uh well okay you know I mean of arms between Māori and the British settlers after the well um uh you know well like signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, uh uh like I mean you know um so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in well you know so so okay I mean 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the Sassanid so uh I mean well like uh era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily armoured uh well uh like I mean like cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent extensive exercises like okay so I mean so well in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected you know I mean uh okay uh um direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a I mean you know um you know um so small seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November uh I mean well well so you know 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, you know I mean like well I mean okay but later stated that she was a virgin who like so so uh well I mean had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to so okay well you know I mean I mean take responsibility and pull their kids out of the you know you know well um you know okay activity if anything went wrong, these kids were so like you know so so I mean then looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is um um so I mean I mean you know promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and okay okay okay you know okay um her first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of so well um so like you know the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, cement, you know you know you know uh like well sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which is you know you know like well like you know applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) well okay like um okay like is a young pretty woman born with you know okay you know like well so superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage like well okay you know you know um and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, is the you know um like uh you know so founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for the like uh like um um um Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the well uh uh like like uh position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent so you know I mean you know you know I mean to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve world um um uh um like you know - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera so I mean so well so so singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the like okay uh like you know um Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they turn like you know well so uh um a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought um so um uh um you know down by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the like well like well um you know end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is served uh like um you know like like by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single okay um okay like uh like and double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a uh um like you know you know you know further residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin like okay okay I mean uh uh Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department okay um you know well uh like for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; so like well uh well okay including 103 sworn police officers and 40 civilian uh so okay you know um um employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with like so I mean uh so uh a website service designed so that users can learn languages so like well I mean well you know online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, well I mean you know well okay okay and he had three brothers, two of whom died fighting um well like like well like the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the um I mean well I mean okay okay large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs like well um you know you know I mean like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo uh like you know I mean uh I mean and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor um I mean I mean you know I mean well when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly you know well like I mean like you know - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a like okay I mean I mean well like comic series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of like well you know like uh so solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, well you know uh well uh uh Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and Morris like well uh so well I mean be seen together around town; they liked each other and I mean like so well um um did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 - okay um uh um um like 2010 American sci - fi television series 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American okay um uh okay well so college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as you know like uh well um so Offensive Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of their you know so um you know you know like high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be I mean so okay okay you know okay more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable so like um so um you know batteries may allow charging without removing the batteries; for you know like I mean I mean uh I mean example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses okay I mean well you know um so these requests in an episodic manner; during the I mean um uh I mean so okay course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an so um okay okay I mean well English professional football player and currently plays for Bristol City, on like like like okay like so a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the like I mean you know you know so like City of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros so so okay I mean so okay of the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in the 5 you know I mean well okay well like - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians well uh so so okay I mean in the Indian Army, causing the family um uh I mean well you know well to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few well well okay like I mean okay entertainment and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to I mean well you know you know um like establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks you know you know uh like okay you know from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, escort carriers were okay I mean like uh like uh part of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school okay um like you know okay you know at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated with a okay well I mean well I mean like Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there like okay like um so okay is also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in I mean um you know so like well 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and then, as I mean well I mean okay well well had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and um like you know okay I mean um a yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim I mean uh well so okay so it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped okay okay uh I mean so I mean as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and you know like so okay okay like Kotelny islands and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after steering feedback so uh like well you know um hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before like you know well you know so uh the start of the quiz and made be available on all well I mean so uh so I mean rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and uh like uh so okay I mean recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - Luc Public Library, you know um like okay well well one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 after you know you know well um like uh the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and very soon well so so you know you know I mean he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes well um uh well okay I mean National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - I mean well well like I mean you know return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, like like okay I mean um so was one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's um like you know um well like rebellion, and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 well well I mean I mean okay um Tamil film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved so like I mean um I mean so in trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both okay um well well so like the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and well um uh um you know uh 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented President Brigham I mean uh uh so well I mean Young of the Church of Latter - day Saints and other so okay you know okay I mean you know church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August okay well so so you know like being the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was you know like I mean well okay so very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most okay well so so I mean like prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted okay uh uh okay you know um amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial okay you know uh well well like embolism, include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation like so uh well well I mean and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January okay well you know okay I mean like 1941 -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to um you know um I mean so you know the title in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander okay I mean well I mean well I mean The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with so so like well well so Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to Mark's I mean um so so okay I mean cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street so I mean uh well like so Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a uh um like okay okay so fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St uh I mean uh I mean well okay. Petersburg was raided by police but after Glasnost the so I mean so well okay well group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the you know like you know okay uh um National Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, like I mean so okay well okay September 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl well you know I mean well uh well champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin you know well you know okay so uh with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a like well okay like well um devilish plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing cultural treasures um well so uh so well of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable of which um like uh well uh I mean is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family so okay well I mean you know so name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together as I mean um you know like I mean uh a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) well well like you know um like was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who graduated well okay uh um I mean like from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing well um uh so I mean like on wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver were uh so well okay well you know bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members okay I mean well I mean I mean you know of the royal family which, along with the governorship of so you know well uh um so Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for fairness like I mean so okay I mean I mean and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love um so you know I mean I mean um to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and later um well like you know I mean you know turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or so so so uh I mean like acting for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to script um you know um um I mean okay differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, ' I well like you know so I mean uh never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until um like uh like well so she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program starring you know okay I mean I mean okay so Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, and uh I mean you know uh so you know was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any like like okay um so uh manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to uh so you know well uh well four solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can so you know uh like well uh be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to like well uh you know uh you know learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released so well so well um like by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of uh like so um um uh the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th uh like okay well you know okay century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van well I mean I mean like I mean you know Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 on the um so um um um like regular season and earning a berth in the so you know I mean I mean well you know Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, like uh um so you know you know Dufourg attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC so uh okay um okay okay Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the second well uh okay like I mean so tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is well I mean you know well like uh a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays for I mean like well you know well I mean CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and uh you know um you know like well producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast so uh you know uh uh uh furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 like um um so I mean um seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; uh so well like well I mean it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY you know you know uh so um um in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of so um you know okay uh so 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found so you know um like okay so that one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to the I mean I mean you know you know okay like Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy in so um so um so you know 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist um well I mean I mean okay well with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained well like so okay well like 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end of the okay so so like you know um 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham for so so uh uh um um 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear uh well like so uh uh the same, by God there is no difference between okay uh um like I mean I mean a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested so okay uh you know I mean like in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal and you know uh uh like okay like enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in response to well like like um okay well a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of I mean you know so like so like scales of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by like so you know uh so like the central wing of the building comprising the Chief Justice's you know uh I mean uh so like court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the well you know uh like okay like uh known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a retired you know you know I mean you know okay like American mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC you know um uh I mean like okay as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of well uh well well um I mean the insulation over many years of energised service and so I mean um um okay um at present great interest in the electricity supply I mean so I mean I mean uh so industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was okay well so um I mean okay in talks with BBC to get Torchwood back on um um well well you know um TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it makes well like well like like uh navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals and okay okay like well um you know 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his so well like so you know you know father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though I mean uh I mean I mean like um use of shims and padding can compensate for some changes, like you know like like okay okay and the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed so like well like I mean like president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after like uh uh okay uh so his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes You like you know like like um you know See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna so I mean well okay I mean okay Park', and he was the chief historical um so I mean I mean okay so researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter I mean I mean uh well like well would be written by a different author and illustrated by okay um uh um okay uh a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on February 5 so um well I mean so you know of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and um uh you know um I mean um then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) was okay I mean okay well like you know a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney okay uh you know okay okay like General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located okay okay uh uh you know uh at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group I mean you know so you know um you know of the United States Air Force based out of the so I mean like you know so uh now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving I mean like uh like you know um many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known and um like um so like okay popular personality among the residents of his hometown, respected for like um like okay I mean um his exploits as an All - American athlete and you know um okay well um you know a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the you know I mean you know uh um I mean exposure time, using a photographic film with a higher ISO so so I mean so like okay rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of um okay like I mean like um copies have been made of the originals, which I mean well well you know well like are no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - Leaked uh well so okay well like on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English like like you know uh I mean um portrait and subject painter, had a large practice in so I mean so you know I mean so London, and was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan so like so you know well well Police Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to I mean um uh uh like uh learn the piano from an early age which uh okay um I mean I mean um would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, including I mean so okay so um you know the murder of its protagonist shortly after a moment of enlightenment, um I mean I mean so you know um by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture during okay like um um like well the nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse like okay well you know like uh was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 one week before um I mean uh um so you know the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is like I mean so so you know well a fictional character created by the author J. K um I mean um uh well okay. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him you know okay so um I mean you know in the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held I mean uh you know uh so like in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer uh you know okay you know so well for 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, as so like um you know like um well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was okay like uh okay like like working on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', a um like um well okay okay sandbox game based on a futuristic world with more so uh you know you know you know well photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat I mean uh um so like like back into Lila, and the two plan to um okay so okay you know okay reunite her with her father and allow her to take okay you know like uh you know well back her place as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their Class A Anderson Braves in so so okay I mean well so 1980, and his last with the New York Yankees' um I mean well um so like Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and uh like okay you know so I mean the Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th century, so um like um uh well most of the territory of present - day Albania well um well so um you know became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during so um I mean so you know you know his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when he returned to so well I mean I mean uh like Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for like um well um okay okay both lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds like so uh so uh uh that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE SmackDown uh so you know well well um Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament to crown like so so like okay well the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor you know like like you know um like Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing event okay okay okay okay uh well was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his like I mean well like okay I mean writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from um um so okay like like South Africa, who works with the Triangle Project and I mean well um uh like I mean is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an well like like uh well like American educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He received so like so um okay okay his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive you know you know uh well you know well system the vehicle must be moving at a slow speed um you know okay okay okay like less than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit well you know you know um so so jealous, and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, I mean so okay I mean so so where he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black so well um okay well well Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur um uh I mean uh so well is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting like so you know um like well favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan so well uh um so like Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, well well um so I mean like however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale so like um well uh uh of bonds, with the first issue planned to be um um um you know well you know around $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to uh well uh so I mean okay factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about their factorization; so uh like okay I mean uh for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on like you know I mean uh I mean I mean their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, like well so okay so uh Texas, assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems to uh like I mean I mean so okay have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, like so like um like well but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship you know like uh I mean uh okay which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, Tokyo, like uh well um like um Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two decades you know like I mean so you know like Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still so well well uh uh okay maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is okay well so well like like a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells so okay I mean you know well uh her that they are not right for each other, okay um uh okay I mean okay prompting Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree so I mean okay you know um you know cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 uh like you know I mean okay I mean and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS so I mean I mean I mean uh you know television series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 you know you know like I mean so um September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, you know okay well um you know okay and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 you know I mean I mean well you know I mean PCC streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work uh so I mean uh well okay has included restoring PCC cars for use on so okay well so okay well San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former so well okay okay you know so professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently okay I mean like so so so played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only uh okay uh so like I mean one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to well I mean you know uh I mean um it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of uh I mean um okay okay well Chartres, excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a monk well well um okay like um at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and like uh so so I mean I mean dramatic way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by okay so um I mean um like 2016, in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are uh um so okay uh well at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori and uh you know okay like so I mean Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was I mean like I mean okay so so 14 - years - old, then making a uh you know so like so so switch to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, like you know so um um I mean as their immediate area of influence was about and okay okay like uh you know okay their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the like well so I mean okay so West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World so well I mean um like um Rap Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube um uh um well okay um celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i and um I mean um so so okay 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it is advisable uh okay um you know okay uh to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as a like I mean I mean um like uh 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with help so well so um well okay from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party of so um um um um uh Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, also I mean I mean so I mean uh um known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto Rican uh well I mean well I mean um parents at the age of ten Jimmy's family moved um so okay so I mean you know to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most populous I mean I mean like uh well I mean urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' so um you know like so okay with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer who so you know um well so okay created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing uh okay well okay like like the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned I mean uh so um I mean I mean his books in public in major Norwegian cities so uh so so uh you know and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his I mean okay okay um okay I mean fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking um so so you know so uh up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor like like I mean so uh okay of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & so uh like like okay I mean Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different uh you know well um so I mean sizes of polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion so uh I mean so well I mean through space impacts time: time slows down for uh you know I mean I mean um so the person who is moving but goes faster for the you know I mean I mean well like so one who stands still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes um um so you know uh uh of Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are simply referred um you know so so uh um to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', uh uh you know like you know well since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD like like um so I mean so box set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between like like like like well you know 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, and I mean you know um well um uh then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the first round well okay I mean I mean you know well of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather you know well like I mean so so relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of well um okay like well um the lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by like like well so I mean like a person other than one of the songwriters or composers and like you know okay um well uh the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two um well you know well like you know computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and uh you know uh well so um was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he okay you know uh so uh like had met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, okay like uh like okay so Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland uh um well uh um like Yard, the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain I mean like I mean okay so well has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased you know uh okay so well um Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' by you know I mean um um well so the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at like uh so uh uh so the southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner well okay well okay okay so with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the well I mean like okay I mean um Hungarian - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 okay so so like um uh recording started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined uh you know uh I mean I mean like in on the project and in 2000 the well like I mean you know um um album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and um you know like so like uh served as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Quayle you know okay uh well um so Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a okay well uh okay uh um sour note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit so you know you know you know uh uh album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World Figure uh you know I mean so okay you know Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process okay uh well okay so I mean could also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or even you know uh well so well I mean assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed uh like um I mean well like Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 I mean so I mean like um you know ) is a Sudanese - born British actor, known by the you know like um so like like stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province uh like you know um like okay latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October well uh like like like uh 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk so okay uh well okay uh singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she well I mean well uh like you know was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed well I mean I mean so uh well in Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence so you know uh so um uh of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in I mean I mean uh well I mean you know Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became too you know you know um well uh well difficult for the small team to complete; originally, okay well you know uh so okay the spider sequences were to be present near the um you know so I mean okay like end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, you know I mean um uh well um etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure um I mean like uh you know okay 'featured a scene in which Pee - wee Herman knocks um you know um um you know uh over a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over I mean um well well I mean okay the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on so well um uh okay like the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of the like okay okay uh so well late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and I mean like I mean okay okay okay Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on okay like like um uh well four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of like well like um I mean uh Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Center, okay okay you know okay I mean you know and is the director of the National Resource Center you know so um I mean well um on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti I mean um um you know like well peeth & also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is okay so so so I mean um measured, is about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a 2 so well I mean you know uh so -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park on 12 so uh um so well um March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively I mean I mean I mean like like uh easy to locate in the night sky; if you know like um you know uh I mean one finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown so you know you know like okay um song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in well so so uh um so the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and well so well okay well okay bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted a uh like you know uh um you know plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American football so you know well like so so quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a so like like I mean uh um messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year I mean I mean I mean uh okay um jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in so you know uh well so I mean extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies whose effectiveness so okay okay uh uh okay in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are I mean um I mean um you know uh enough to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided so I mean um well well so over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important irregular marriage, attended I mean well uh uh well okay parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls uh you know I mean I mean uh so it an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', uh I mean so I mean well uh in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover you know well um okay okay okay features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian like you know so well like so militia on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, you know so like like um so and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have seen like so like so like like a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet many I mean well so I mean you know you know areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 well okay uh uh uh um Walt Disney Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data uh okay okay like you know you know sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in uh uh um okay so well 2009 to meet market demand by changing the okay like okay you know um okay rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the well uh well so like well Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as I mean okay I mean well um well the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position uh like so so like you know in protest of the entry of German troops into Ukraine uh uh I mean you know um okay and returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser well I mean you know well well so chip is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the I mean um so like so you know temperature, and by making small adjustments to the inside uh well you know so uh so temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join so um well you know you know you know Her Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate so uh okay um like I mean of Fire Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia okay uh okay I mean um you know launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the First like like so like uh I mean World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the largest well you know okay you know well you know naval battle of the First World War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the turn so so you know okay like um of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated uh well like like I mean like by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate I mean you know like well uh well and the main channel has moved away from the you know like so uh um well cliffs, removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as off okay I mean so like I mean okay - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and on well um so uh uh so April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community Sir Motiur well um uh um you know you know Rahman suggested some of students to be active in this uh I mean um like okay you know regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, I mean well so well uh so which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples so you know I mean I mean like uh and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently I mean like so like like so on March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high um um I mean um well well plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms okay okay so so like you know on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service you know okay so like you know so on 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of you know um uh I mean so well the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or well I mean I mean um uh um scandia, is a high melting white solid used in high I mean uh uh um I mean like - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and like okay like um uh you know thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a loop, but okay I mean I mean like I mean like can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages uh uh so like um well of letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, okay like um so uh well 1956) was a U. S. Political figure who most um like so you know like I mean notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of like like um uh like well the World' for always having an excuse on their like uh so you know so okay shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable like okay well uh you know okay Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years you know uh uh okay like so old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as uh uh uh uh uh okay a servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from I mean like um I mean okay um the Sunni Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya like you know okay okay well well Coalition He also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation um you know I mean I mean uh you know Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended okay I mean um I mean you know so Sherman Elementary School in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' like I mean like you know um well and 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and encompassed with a okay um like um okay um fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton you know like I mean I mean like I mean Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this like I mean you know okay okay um period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles okay um okay so you know I mean firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 like well I mean okay like uh - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company okay okay like okay uh like she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from uh um so um um well year to year, and more contexts that are designed I mean you know so uh I mean okay to be engaging to students as they make connections okay uh well you know you know um among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head so uh you know uh well like coach, Brian Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach um I mean I mean I mean okay I mean Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and um you know well okay so okay smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is so okay you know I mean well uh still elected as is every other sheriff in the okay well you know so um okay state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest well you know uh well so uh places to gather for programs and meetings, serving over like like I mean uh okay you know 950, 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 like like uh so like well killed, 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to uh um uh so I mean I mean the fence, his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout like you know uh okay well you know began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in the uh you know like so uh you know Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people have um okay okay um I mean well reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders uh you know like uh well okay in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as part of okay um uh okay uh I mean the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, well you know like well okay so and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 and like well you know like you know okay 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having had you know you know you know you know you know you know no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg okay uh uh uh you know well on November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes like uh um you know uh like career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, where like um uh so okay like they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also so like um so okay uh on full display, but the album is most remarkable you know like um you know like well for the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking the so okay um I mean I mean okay stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there is no um okay so like like uh penalty for failure to comply with it and it is not I mean I mean um um you know I mean widely enforced -- indeed, the U. S. Supreme Court has so uh um I mean well uh ruled that punitive enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed from uh you know so so um uh the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and replaced by I mean you know uh like uh so Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer responsible uh like I mean well you know okay for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about and so like uh well you know um spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) or um well like uh um you know imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the um well like uh okay like initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in the South okay um well like you know I mean Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy okay like okay um you know um - duty transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 okay uh uh um like you know - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his best I mean like okay okay uh I mean result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace well uh I mean like um um has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more so so um I mean uh like equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the um uh uh um I mean uh starting material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, so well um okay I mean like merely by allowing it to evaporate into the air or so I mean uh so I mean you know recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in you know like okay well like um the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert so uh so okay um you know Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, like well um you know so well Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a holiday like you know okay okay you know um retreat in England and named the town he surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, uh okay you know you know I mean I mean engineering, and natural sciences, a function of a real you know okay well I mean okay well variable is a function whose domain is the like um so well um um real numbers ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; the well so like so so you know potential predator may desist when it knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara in well you know I mean um so um Malibu, California featuring a male actor who she is like okay uh okay um like in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of um um so um so you know hours I put into going to places and you know well well um okay so taking pictures of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration uh okay you know you know so like from rural areas and continued to neglect the US agriculture like uh so so okay okay industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout so well you know you know okay like the decade and would later be blamed as one uh like you know like like okay of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own I mean well like um well like a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, uh okay okay um okay okay for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older um like you know well like well routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office failure and like uh I mean well uh well many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by Herbert uh okay so I mean um you know Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in the January okay like so uh I mean um general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and so um you know well so you know Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 you know like you know well okay okay. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the 1989 like um so I mean um I mean NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and like uh okay okay okay I mean Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s based like so well you know well well on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to participate so like well like so um and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a well well like so okay so new arena in San Francisco, but the arena never well okay okay um um so came to fruition, and the Seals played in the so okay uh I mean okay I mean Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin from well you know well so so so a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank you know I mean okay you know okay so of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west well like okay uh well like bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare uh you know so so I mean you know Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to like okay so I mean okay like pursue a degree in Psychology course but in October okay okay um well well I mean 2016, she confirms that will be studying at I mean you know I mean well like so Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in well like so like okay you know counties Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, uh I mean like well you know okay and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 well well I mean you know like I mean but found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without um like okay okay well um graduating to attend the California Institute of Technology, the following um you know okay uh I mean I mean year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States you know okay uh so like um Army was named interim President of the Citadel, The Military I mean um I mean well okay you know College of South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected as like uh um so okay uh the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of okay you know like I mean like well heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some well uh um well so uh time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria um um um okay like so generally don't harm the plant, but promote the formation of you know okay like I mean you know like ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone which promotes I mean um um I mean okay you know plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the I mean uh um um so so activities of the UAI, follows the progress of the various uh I mean um so so um projects and supports the Bureau in its handling of uh okay so like so um the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel like I mean well uh so so of the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and so you know so okay you know okay made officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' well uh um uh like uh Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at okay like um um I mean I mean Penn State and graduated in 1991 the creator and you know okay um um well I mean executive producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale so so um okay I mean you know services to Smart Telecom, with the result that the okay so well like um you know majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his um um okay um uh uh daughter Zareena when they come to know that Panditji like well like like I mean well has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked No um uh uh uh like so. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first uh okay you know okay okay uh time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian painter and so like um I mean um like sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda well I mean um well well well County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting well well like well so well down in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that okay so I mean um okay so the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two um I mean so um um so - legged football fixture which took place on Wednesday, like so so I mean like I mean June 27 and July 4 between Boca Juniors of I mean uh okay like like okay Argentina and Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that um uh uh like okay so are signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh okay uh okay well I mean okay (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only after well like like I mean um you know signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome so like um so you know okay and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New like you know you know um um I mean Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and uh you know okay so uh okay acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf uh so okay like you know um instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each um I mean like I mean I mean okay presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to so okay uh you know um okay leave the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store was like you know so so well um soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store you know I mean so you know okay like in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp prisoners you know I mean I mean like uh um and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track so I mean you know well uh like was used where one side heavily banked, and included obstacles okay like okay so I mean like such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has been well well I mean well like well creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that like so like um so like occurs in March, often in the week before Spring you know uh so you know so um Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; well um um well like I mean there is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems to you know I mean um you know like you know derive purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and like um um uh okay like by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend um I mean I mean um okay you know due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient um well um uh so I mean archaeological finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have much uh well I mean okay well well recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a I mean uh uh um um so soldier who has fought in many bloody battles only to okay um so well so I mean return home to England as a beggar asking like well um okay well you know a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University uh like um uh well you know of Florence and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab like okay okay uh well well - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is you know uh so I mean like like probably the biggest touch screen display ever used in a I mean like you know like so like Philippine television show as well as a huge WAR um I mean like well okay like (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted by well you know so uh uh like El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his well so so um uh like friends whenever they needed him, in the end the uh okay you know like um like door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted well okay um so um like as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; okay uh okay uh um you know to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used you know you know so like you know you know by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous so so well well I mean like because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller I mean so okay well okay okay - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features 3D um you know okay so like um environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, I mean I mean uh I mean um so and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated well you know um okay I mean okay streak to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 um uh like okay okay you know - 64, and became undisputed leader of group okay so you know you know okay uh C. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections (axons) I mean so you know um uh like extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus okay uh like so so well that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she is I mean I mean you know okay okay I mean still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega um uh you know uh I mean okay Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own Illinois Lotto (6 I mean I mean I mean you know so so balls out of 52) with a smaller seven / eight you know um I mean um well I mean - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and um well I mean like so like Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way I mean I mean well um you know like. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and you know so you know uh uh well played four years of college soccer at Drexel University, I mean so like uh so like before being drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her relationship uh okay okay I mean well uh to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also well well uh so well you know had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem okay so uh I mean I mean okay. Com users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and usually uh um uh I mean I mean okay resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged um I mean you know uh um like when stationary but more visible when it moves well like um so so you know about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on Federal Relations, a well um um I mean I mean so member of the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, a member of you know um I mean um I mean you know the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs you know okay um I mean like okay the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of I mean I mean so uh you know so Corfu, Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is okay so you know um like I mean an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the Southwest um you know you know uh well well Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally um um you know I mean so well accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey so like I mean well like like such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University you know you know okay like um well of the Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his okay so I mean I mean okay like studies at the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and you know well like well um like a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while you know like okay I mean I mean well seated in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling um I mean um okay um you know contract in 1921, but, in part due to the costs okay like like well uh uh of rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on um I mean um I mean I mean okay August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last I mean you know uh so okay like against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher so like you know so like so turned small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black um like you know you know okay so mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt like okay uh you know so um basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, uh so well so well you know Italy in 1790, generously on loan to him from uh well you know well um you know the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named a well um I mean you know okay I mean prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with Television you know uh okay so you know well X Pay - Per - Night on Sky and so uh um um um uh on the same day it was taken off of okay you know I mean like uh you know Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), which you know well you know well like uh was fought as the contest of succession between Western like I mean uh um well like court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct well like you know well I mean like Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect so you know well I mean you know okay for gold in various locations in the U well um you know so you know well. S. , and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when her editor okay okay uh okay uh like Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', she um um uh uh well you know has been best known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to uh you know like um I mean uh parents of what their child is doing on social media um uh uh well I mean um sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on uh um um well um you know average its performance is or even depending on the random you know um like you know I mean okay distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and okay um I mean like well okay Harrogate College and became the youngest Mayor in the country you know you know okay well um like in 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian well you know um I mean like okay telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U. S like you know like okay okay uh. Politician, who is a Republican member of the California uh I mean okay you know uh uh State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have you know okay well um okay okay used the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, I mean I mean well uh you know okay the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February like so okay okay well I mean 22nd 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard I mean uh okay so okay uh for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, like like okay you know okay you know and may even be the third most common trigger like uh uh um I mean um to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, but okay like um so so okay Jerry just pats him on the head again, then blows I mean um I mean well okay well his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, you know you know uh you know okay uh Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept so I mean so uh I mean uh which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per I mean I mean well okay uh um acre of land to confuse male insects about the location of like you know okay like I mean uh their female partners, it can thus serve okay okay well I mean um you know as a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it was okay well so you know like um a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery bombardment of uh okay um you know uh uh Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - free resultant okay you know um I mean like you know which it is useful both conceptually and practically, because the uh uh okay um you know um body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he I mean um I mean okay you know like was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at the well you know well like uh um Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one like so um okay uh um in Wales, which is part of the military is uh um okay um um um wholly Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes well well I mean so well well on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a staircase leads well well you know I mean you know uh to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, okay okay um so okay I mean Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical so you know like you know um uh plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, uh so well okay you know you know and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and a okay so well well you know well non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which promotes science, so like well um so uh mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his like okay you know I mean uh okay material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a prominent like like okay uh like uh Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin okay um um um okay well Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a I mean like okay so like so Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a you know um um I mean um um professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored so uh well like I mean um in its architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one I mean um well uh I mean like of the few places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke and okay okay you know uh uh so Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who so uh uh I mean like well were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then well well uh well uh you know Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents okay you know you know uh I mean like the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for you know well you know I mean like uh excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike that was okay like okay um um well donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, IL so well I mean like well like and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new you know so okay um um so version of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the first uh you know okay so so okay time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial you know so I mean well okay I mean operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate so okay I mean like so okay Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan ( well well well um like like 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a three part I mean okay well um you know well short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV so I mean uh uh I mean well in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a like so uh okay I mean you know airplane with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration suggests that between okay well like um like so 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are living in okay okay I mean so okay um London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the I mean so okay like so like crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner well like um like okay um chase his fourth state title at the helm of the so um I mean uh I mean you know Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is okay uh uh you know well okay about a young boy, who dies and then his favourite math so well uh um um uh teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he you know um well uh like so was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American you know okay um so um okay country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know uh uh you know like um okay their actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern well um well you know I mean so Province, after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two okay like you know um okay you know majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an exploding I mean um um uh um like ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American um well uh you know okay you know actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 winner, so I mean so okay uh well the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook I mean so okay um like uh who helped him with his work, acting as a skilled technician, uh uh like well like well and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to um uh okay I mean um you know a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill um like like okay like uh. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; well like you know um like uh the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the you know I mean I mean I mean um uh Bishop Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming so uh um uh well like the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft like okay um so so so at his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - time substitute um like like okay okay okay for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away draw with Exeter so uh so so you know like City on 8 March 2014 before being recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge okay uh uh so so well what he can on a beached ship, leaving his son um uh so like you know well to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' I mean I mean so like okay okay and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed okay well well you know uh um in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to well well you know okay okay uh his family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Editor and so um like so okay well before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European so uh well um so you know edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell I mean well like so so so and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond I mean um like you know so um white; these broad streaks broad are divided only by the uh okay well like okay uh black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that I mean so you know um you know okay usually involves closing or holding the arms around the neck, um um you know well like like back, or waist of another person; if more than two you know you know um well so well persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can well um um so um well not continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with okay uh um you know um so added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition okay uh like uh well well and pH. Invertases and s into honey by a well like like I mean well so process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a you know well like okay so um former water polo player who won a silver medal for uh so like like uh like the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her uh I mean well you know well uh daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down entirely on so you know okay like uh uh the highway, even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team um like um I mean um like for his own ends while the original Heat attempted to protect her: uh okay like uh well so when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked you know you know uh like like okay to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, well uh I mean like I mean you know and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the state would uh okay um well uh uh be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and uh well I mean like um uh they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared uh uh like um I mean you know in 188 A. D. In 187 B. C uh uh I mean you know like okay he wrote 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued um well well so like okay for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker you know I mean so okay okay I mean culture named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, which okay like well so uh um developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one of I mean uh I mean so so like the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart from P well okay okay so okay like. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and okay so uh so uh so cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves well like like okay um so. Konkani people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of um um I mean um um so Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer okay I mean I mean you know I mean uh who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa um like I mean so uh okay and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born well okay well okay like um in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy like okay um like um so 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats and um I mean I mean um well um a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she um I mean you know okay uh okay wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film um so you know well like you know 'Ebb Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, okay okay so I mean um you know who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in uh okay well um um uh the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist um okay like okay so so Nicki Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this um so um uh uh well time, much of the language and traditions had okay well okay so like you know been either corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua um I mean okay uh like I mean and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen to you know so you know uh okay uh serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane and um like like um um uh Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head coach like so you know well you know like and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a uh like well I mean so I mean restriction in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects uh I mean well I mean uh well from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out of like uh okay well I mean okay high school, and began working as a gas station attendant; I mean um so okay okay I mean he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked I mean so I mean you know I mean um for follow - up action to the president you know you know well I mean um uh of the college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From I mean you know I mean you know well okay 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 okay uh so well okay um flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter so uh okay um so I mean and express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, you know well so well okay well though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 well I mean um okay okay okay June 2010 and was released as the third and final so um uh well I mean like single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves uh I mean okay you know um so and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League like so well uh um okay a record of 13 times and they are second overall um well I mean well I mean okay with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between so um uh okay um well 1983 and 1986, lasting seven issues, and it well well well uh well uh filled an important role at the time, giving new creators a well um okay so um well chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and in the you know like so so well like studio with other artists have been extensive and he uh uh like so okay well has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris you know well um um you know so Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations listed so you know okay you know okay okay by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić you know so okay okay well um (née Joanides), was the mother of son of King Milan I mean you know um okay like I mean Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the you know okay like uh I mean um show can be seen for thirty minutes and competes with another I mean well uh so um well half - hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, that like uh well you know so um in the nativity scene the statue of the baby you know so um um you know um Jesus shows him standing and there are three crosses depicted with you know uh you know you know uh like those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with like like so uh um okay some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching the uh uh I mean like uh like dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County like so well like um I mean was formed and a year later it was well um like well like um renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded I mean you know uh like well you know its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in I mean you know um well so okay Blackpool, while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and um so so okay so uh academic courses which can be taken at various academic like uh you know I mean um well and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social okay uh well uh you know so Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated uh um okay you know uh well a three - year, $ 60 million contract extension okay well uh uh like you know instead of the four year maximum as it allotted him like well well I mean okay like the option of seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the well well okay like um you know leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had like uh like well you know well again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks okay um you know well well so at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes of you know so like well I mean uh the city, including Native American, art deco, and contemporary styles, uh you know well okay so okay making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and I mean so you know I mean um so would have been lost when it nearly uh you know like okay uh like met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, I mean like you know so I mean like United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules okay you know well so like you know football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of so um okay well um um Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture okay well okay you know I mean okay practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya I mean well you know well I mean so and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and so you know um well you know uh local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their okay well so you know uh like career opportunities these students expect that a degree from uh uh um I mean okay uh a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is so so okay uh so okay still produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors uh okay okay like like you know and the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her uh I mean you know okay um you know into service as HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; okay okay okay okay okay um when she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote um um uh um you know uh from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 so you know you know you know like so by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at the well um so well so I mean University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held um well um so um you know in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first you know um um um I mean I mean units of the United States Marines Corps to participated in a well like uh well I mean okay helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark you know like I mean I mean well I mean Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze okay I mean well um like you know / Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as well um uh okay um like the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New so like um I mean you know like Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand First party like well okay um okay you know which he founded in 1993, and served as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in uh I mean you know well I mean you know and made the highest score of his um like okay I mean well okay career, his 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against I mean like you know like I mean okay Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location of the you know okay like well uh uh bandstand demolished during the second world war, and as you know like so so you know um part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, well you know okay you know I mean okay fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a well well uh well well you know rare bright spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the you know um I mean well I mean I mean 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 like so okay I mean I mean uh million and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - Defense so well so well like um and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on her memoirs, A like so well um like uh Taste of Power, and eventually returned to the I mean like um okay uh um struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari uh I mean uh like well like or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee of so okay I mean you know okay okay the Bonaire, has the same geological history, and while Bonaire uh like like you know I mean well at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on like uh so like like well December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in well like you know uh so well the North East of England and Scotland, in addition like um okay well you know like to a lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school okay um you know uh you know so and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende okay like so um well you know Neubauten ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, and uh okay I mean well uh I mean since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by um I mean well like I mean like Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest I mean okay well you know I mean I mean of Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County uh like I mean so um um was toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the like so I mean so um okay 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from like like well I mean well you know her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution you know okay um well uh okay in Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in uh so like uh okay uh the mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet well like okay well well like ups, the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held like well um well so you know Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business office with like so okay okay uh you know several windows and a fireplace used by Dr. This like I mean you know uh I mean well also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' well uh uh okay so um Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by the same I mean uh uh uh well well Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and the exact like I mean so so I mean okay location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, you know so I mean um well well 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after the so well well uh um uh paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches you know well like like so like at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back like uh uh I mean uh well as her lover, and used her as a messenger, well okay well well okay uh asking her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, um okay so like like okay but he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, well well well well I mean like who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose so so um you know I mean um Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti like so well you know okay uh whilst his mother is of Greek heritage through her grandfather I mean like I mean so so okay Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the so you know you know like um like feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to you know uh uh I mean okay um maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed like so uh I mean you know well captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, well uh well so okay so and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and commune well okay like well okay you know of north - western France, in the 'département' of so you know well I mean okay um Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the School of well I mean well I mean I mean I mean Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its I mean uh so I mean well so presence on its surroundings in an expression of well I mean you know like I mean well the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of okay uh like so so so the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models you know so so I mean well well. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent films, well um I mean okay like like silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many movies, like okay uh you know well okay including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and um you know well um I mean so retail trade sector have 13 % of the population I mean okay well well uh uh working within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son uh okay um like like um Roger were all aboard the balloon; the two adults died uh like uh okay well uh when the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles like you know uh I mean I mean you know Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 okay well so like uh so at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with well I mean like um I mean so a special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that was you know uh uh well like okay used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or not the like uh um well so so bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen like okay you know well like you know whom she met in the city, she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about uh like like like like you know Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is so so so um you know like loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and so so you know well like I mean tells the story of a talented orphan's trials um well um uh I mean okay and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham so well uh I mean I mean you know Academy Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video game you know well I mean uh like so for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego I mean I mean um okay you know so located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary you know you know um well I mean I mean Jenkins and father of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' you know uh I mean um like uh clan lives in a Washington, D. C you know I mean you know uh like like. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the Bayhawks, so like so uh um okay Hubbard suffered a back injury and was unable to uh you know you know well um I mean play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia I mean uh well okay well you know along with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane okay um like you know so okay on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view okay uh you know so well like of the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', okay uh well uh um like suggesting that insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - I mean um okay okay well uh 24 B. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration in um uh like you know you know so Dangyang on an areas of 2000 square km. In 1988 okay uh I mean well so I mean the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love uh I mean okay uh you know you know with Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed I mean uh you know you know uh like items, which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger uh you know you know I mean um I mean -- actor and former Governor of California as host; the well you know um well um like show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to so okay I mean well I mean um leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the okay so I mean um okay okay U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out uh well like um okay you know of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was like so like um you know um active in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, um um uh I mean I mean okay and is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the um so well well okay uh Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the Metropolitan okay well you know I mean so well Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but like okay um okay okay okay unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, so um okay okay okay uh are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and well okay uh you know uh um the first senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church uh you know well so well I mean in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number of seats well I mean like uh uh so controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear okay um you know uh you know okay in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the Audley like you know um uh uh like Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool like well well like I mean you know and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being so so uh uh uh you know you know weak can't open the lip gloss; in a montage of uh okay well um you know um clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, so I mean okay like like like etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced like uh uh okay like uh by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season you know well I mean I mean you know so well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is so like okay well well so a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays okay well like I mean I mean I mean for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place uh okay okay so um I mean name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of the uh okay I mean I mean you know like year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews left so well so so you know so Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly um so like so uh uh drove the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly uh like okay okay okay well after the team published its first results in 1940, Fleming okay okay so I mean like like telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or uh I mean okay uh I mean um meteorite impact event located in between or to the east you know like you know well you know uh of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of like uh well you know you know I mean induced values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 - um okay I mean like um okay 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father you know I mean I mean okay well like died, and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn okay I mean you know um I mean you know book - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon uh you know you know um um uh disgraced himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, okay well so so well okay while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and like okay okay well uh okay the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 like um like um so I mean and entered Michigan State University, where he was editor - so okay uh so okay so in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by well like well um um so Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi okay you know so okay well so Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in uh so you know like so so 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores by I mean I mean um well you know well the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most common you know you know well you know so okay compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, uh so I mean okay like like but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse I mean you know um I mean you know like the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January 2012) was um you know um like I mean uh a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a like okay well like so um police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals were I mean you know so like uh well born in the water, by the influence of the sun. Aetios V I mean okay like so um you know 19, 4 The human being was supposed by Anaximander to uh okay um so so uh have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named you know uh so okay so uh 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld so well okay I mean um well Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially okay uh well um you know well on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the I mean so well so um I mean Department of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium okay like okay you know like okay thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set at, like I mean like uh so well for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, uh uh um I mean okay I mean the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page listed like like I mean so I mean uh in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt uh okay you know I mean um okay is a colourless to white (although often coloured by impurities, like you know I mean you know um okay okay iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate you know uh so um okay I mean mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the like like so well um I mean town has held it every year since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p um um so well like you know. 55 A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself and so well you know uh okay you know used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, so so okay so I mean uh he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases uh like so uh so I mean related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in I mean well I mean you know so okay the Horton Plains in the Central Highlands which have like like like I mean I mean so an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations like well uh uh I mean uh reviewed BART's policies and procedures in the process of like I mean um so um you know overseeing the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life well okay I mean um I mean you know to Live' all - time romantic couple by um so you know you know uh okay magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during um you know well uh you know I mean the life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi um um okay okay you know um Wasalaam) number of adherents of Islam has lived like I mean uh um I mean like in Asia and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 well so well you know I mean okay locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series of I mean I mean you know you know um so 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in his debut self - uh um um well I mean uh titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump um like you know uh like well behind Irving Baxter of the United States, and the bronze um so you know well you know so medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein okay uh okay you know well um and Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - well well you know well well okay Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The so uh okay uh so well Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in well okay like I mean okay okay securing the right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak in well okay uh I mean so you know Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it um um so you know well I mean may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though the I mean um I mean okay you know I mean mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so okay you know uh like you know so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; um like so I mean well uh the books sell more than a million copies annually, well you know um um I mean well several new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know what you know uh uh like okay I mean to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the uh okay well like like uh informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran um like so so um I mean alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was uh you know okay I mean uh um the first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards well I mean uh um uh so soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, you know like I mean uh you know okay tried BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, well okay uh um I mean so and an RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked I mean like so okay okay so on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed well well so okay um like chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which you know you know like um um um ultimately ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM you know um you know so um like Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) um okay um uh you know okay in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - um well like you know uh like class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an so well uh you know um well English actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny you know you know okay uh um okay in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New well so um um you know I mean York City, United States; however, the brand is far okay so you know well so like more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to I mean okay okay uh okay uh the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next well okay um uh you know well year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which so I mean I mean you know you know like was the site of abuse and executions of uh like I mean like okay um political dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture well okay um you know so um and abuse of prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for like I mean so okay okay well Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote so um okay well well so that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, you know uh so so you know so Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best known you know I mean uh uh um you know for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers okay uh well I mean you know you know Association in 1966 and after merging with the International um you know so you know I mean so Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended like well well like so you know by over 17, 000 people, who paid up to $ um like like I mean well uh 50 for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian okay so I mean well okay uh football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, like I mean I mean I mean you know okay claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy documents; well um like well um well less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), like so okay like um I mean also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de St you know well well like okay uh. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, New okay so well okay um okay Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A you know so well uh uh well doctrine which originates in the degradation of the individual okay like so you know well like whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes I mean um so well like so economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by a so I mean you know uh like like certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a duet like like um um well I mean with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer um I mean okay um okay I mean who played in the 1930s, playing at representative level for England, uh so I mean you know you know I mean and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately forty well okay you know okay you know um square mile town twent - four hours a day and uh you know like uh um um responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through well um I mean like I mean okay the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, okay well okay okay you know I mean 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, like um well I mean so okay who played a key role during the freedom movement, well um uh you know you know um was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family okay I mean like you know um so was first recognized by the crown during the reign okay okay well uh uh okay of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for you know I mean I mean you know you know I mean International Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George like like well so I mean you know Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied like like so you know like you know repeatedly for it: it seems that he was okay so so so um like actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in the Confederate Army um like like I mean you know like or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major I mean okay well you know okay okay party presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama okay so um I mean you know um by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is you know I mean okay uh you know um a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two uh like you know uh like um seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 like well um uh okay I mean Ireland was in no position to become involved, in uh I mean I mean okay um I mean fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious uh like well well well uh disease and public health community, in the US particularly their professional uh uh okay like so like organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was uh so like uh I mean so an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) like like well okay okay I mean was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last uh I mean I mean um okay well surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - uh so like so I mean you know holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be uh uh so so uh so covered on the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New I mean I mean well well like you know Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays um like you know well um okay for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, well like so I mean well I mean Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by so I mean well okay um um the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in West you know so well um well uh Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and they um okay so I mean um so are not a recognized pure - breed in the so so well like like so Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep the like so well well uh um original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife you know you know um uh so I mean Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both like I mean you know um you know well their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened Stewart I mean you know like uh like um to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart gave okay you know uh uh you know okay him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is a well like you know so well um failure as businessman and has steered the catering business okay you know um uh so well bestowed to him by his father to the brink of bankruptcy; um I mean well I mean okay okay he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of well well like I mean well well return (ERR) is a rate of uh I mean like okay um I mean return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined I mean um you know so you know well with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought like like you know like I mean okay out bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured like uh um okay like I mean in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles uh so so I mean like um titles on the ITF Women's Circuit and has like okay so so well well reached the final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de so um I mean um I mean so la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been um I mean you know so well I mean whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the 'Black you know like you know okay um okay Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and the well so I mean okay so um monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), the so like I mean uh you know you know product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh like like so uh okay so television, film, stage and voice actress who graduated so uh like okay well well from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of his um well you know uh okay I mean subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has uh well like like like um been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and well okay uh like I mean I mean performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district like you know okay um like like represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, like I mean well I mean so like believed to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in like so I mean you know okay well the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an okay like um you know so I mean improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian well I mean okay um so you know professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN okay I mean you know um I mean well International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in you know um you know uh so okay Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs okay uh I mean you know um um Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking and Alex I mean okay like like uh okay imtandly follows after a gun shot is heard when she okay I mean so I mean well you know gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less Annoying CRM, you know you know so um um I mean also known as LACRM which is a customer relationship okay so okay um I mean like management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands um uh um I mean okay um and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a well uh I mean you know like uh well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough okay okay okay I mean I mean um of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four well like I mean so like um fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy well um I mean I mean well you know armies made of captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham uh you know uh I mean you know okay who both appeared for England on 5 March 1892 I mean uh you know so you know uh and the most recent player to be capped I mean uh I mean like uh you know while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and um like like um you know like final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles I mean um you know well um like into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time I mean you know um like like okay between the two tours, winning twice on the okay I mean okay uh uh well Nationwide Tour, and finishing twelfth on the money list to like okay um like okay well regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may be well okay um like you know you know the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed well so I mean I mean well like to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the well okay uh I mean um okay name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show okay um okay okay you know you know - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell you know like um so well I mean the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based in Canberra, uh well so um um I mean Australia, that invented a local positioning system that government, you know so I mean uh I mean I mean commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when well okay okay okay uh you know Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial I mean okay you know I mean okay you know officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The okay like so okay like so aim is to communicate to do a good okay you know you know uh like uh cultural, social activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September 1984 you know like um I mean I mean well by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of Indian I mean okay so you know like okay origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a memorial like uh I mean okay I mean like brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which includes a um okay I mean um like so picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next you know uh okay you know I mean uh to him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even break um I mean um so well okay apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti Janta', so you know okay uh um so was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is said to uh well well so I mean like be found, for example the antenna mentioned above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a um so you know so I mean um Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - like uh um um so you know Moghedien suggests twelve were killed during the The War uh well uh so um uh of Power, due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, uh I mean so well uh well she also suggests that there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained uh uh so um uh like by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having like okay so you know well I mean witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by well well okay I mean I mean like Junius W. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at um uh uh uh well uh Dundee was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was well I mean so so I mean like granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December 15, um so um like you know like 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, I mean so so so okay well an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their first I mean I mean I mean okay so I mean original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star as um uh okay so I mean well Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes so uh I mean so um you know (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth - you know um okay you know um so place candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution well so so you know you know uh under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves I mean I mean I mean well well um students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an okay I mean like like um I mean affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at okay so so you know um like Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack so so uh well um okay in 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 so uh um I mean so you know it moved to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to I mean like well I mean um um the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second I mean so so okay I mean so World War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over you know uh okay so you know okay occupied Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last like I mean um well um like player selected in the NFL draft, and it is a I mean um so so you know so parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry like well like okay okay okay Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and okay uh I mean okay well so Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the well uh like like I mean uh second Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to well I mean so you know uh uh Rod in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden I mean I mean well okay uh you know boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and um you know like well you know you know detonated, catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in like like um like like so 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in you know uh um like okay okay the city of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary well uh like you know so okay Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' I mean I mean I mean I mean so uh era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the so okay um like so okay new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead chose to I mean you know well okay so like run in the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between I mean uh okay like like okay 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent I mean you know I mean um like so established the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal to you know so okay uh um um the citizens in which they expressed the wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and um uh so okay you know I mean oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko (Kouko) Okada, uh so well like okay um using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka uh I mean uh uh like like Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, okay uh I mean uh you know okay acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted well so you know you know uh you know amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him into you know uh uh um um okay a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his insect uh like you know um like like heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC you know okay you know um okay like Symphony Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became uh you know so I mean okay I mean a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it well I mean uh okay well okay the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant for you know so so like well I mean his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom so okay so uh like um 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was um um so well well so launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was well so um I mean okay you know the man to lead and entry to Tibet might be okay okay well so okay uh possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize um well uh okay uh I mean some of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs so I mean um like like you know created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) like you know I mean you know well like is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the like well uh you know so well 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at you know okay you know like okay uh club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm like you know like well like I mean that it will have some of its mobile I mean you know well um okay um phones made in India, and that its two outsourcing partners, uh like so you know so I mean FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry uh okay uh you know you know well is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A you know uh you know um like okay succesful operation by Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush area after um like um so uh like it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her last uh I mean you know okay so well rock - oriented album of the 1980s, before she so uh so so you know you know would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The you know I mean so you know well so Big Picture' was made, but the only member of so okay I mean okay um so the band featured was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand so um so well like um pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former you know um well well so like American football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to you know I mean uh um I mean okay move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children by her you know well okay I mean like you know second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon Schouten but um I mean um um I mean like is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in you know so like uh so so Avignon, Vaucluse), who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - okay okay uh like so well Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government um um well so well um in June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, like I mean so uh like like replaced both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose like so um um um I mean - pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, like um like okay um okay the club struggled in the Premiership, but staged a I mean like like so well you know remarkable comeback in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become you know uh like you know I mean um partners in law firms and are eligible for certain like well um like I mean so judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters okay so well so like I mean and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come okay so um okay well like Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has worked well so uh um uh okay as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - I mean well I mean um okay I mean 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however even um well um so I mean so today it is unknown who was responsible some point the finger uh uh I mean I mean like so at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it would be better uh well well I mean um like if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the Roya like so so I mean you know okay Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with a so uh well okay like okay hand plane or other method of wood removal okay okay you know so okay so and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the you know well okay uh you know so second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth like um well I mean I mean you know ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which so like I mean I mean uh well also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American like well I mean um so like professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and so well you know uh uh I mean had been thought to be the highest point in okay um like okay so um Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that so you know you know well you know uh was called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified so okay like okay uh I mean amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / Ionides you know okay well you know so okay (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis like okay okay you know you know so (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the like okay I mean like uh um voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of so um uh uh you know I mean the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be um so I mean okay uh uh found the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay um uh uh okay so well its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry so uh I mean um okay you know owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack his I mean you know so um so well hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian I mean you know you know so like like Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a I mean okay okay well well well call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal Court theatre, so well you know so I mean uh 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at the 796 - seat Apollo I mean okay well uh um um Theatre for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 AH / 25 like uh like like okay um June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was later to um you know so uh like okay become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey uh okay like okay like you know the first he is an excellent principal the um uh like um uh um students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but uh like I mean like like well was killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity well you know um okay uh like George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied well so well uh you know you know Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which can be used I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean like to advance your position in discussion about the topics directly or like so uh okay well you know indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 okay um okay like I mean well energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, like uh uh I mean so I mean whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are not authentic well so uh so uh um but cheap knock - offs (as the boys originally suspected), I mean I mean well um um okay Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der um um you know okay well so Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated um like I mean uh okay uh into English ), in which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes okay uh so well like I mean of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock um so you know well so okay band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded well uh like well so uh in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General um like well well you know um in the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing away you know okay uh well um well on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German uh okay okay I mean like I mean Cross in Gold for his achievements in February okay I mean you know so uh uh 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical like uh you know you know like okay land of Gensokyo is once again at peace until okay well um well okay uh yōkai begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 okay so so you know uh um heavy cavalry, and a similar number of infantry, from which okay okay I mean so okay okay around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired well like you know well I mean so by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 I mean so like you know well uh constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 uh I mean I mean um you know you know - 1981 during this time he was a starter for like so I mean I mean you know you know the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South like okay like well okay okay Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under um um um you know okay so the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' like um like so like uh in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect you know so um uh uh uh apparently centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, like you know you know okay like um Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in okay so well well you know so the Judean Hills in front of Nablus and you know so uh uh uh like at crossings of the Jordan River as well as attacking uh uh I mean you know okay you know the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily Urdu well like uh like so I mean daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, um I mean um so like I mean enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north I mean so I mean uh um so of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, so you know I mean I mean uh I mean 20 km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez um like like like so uh - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by like okay uh like like you know the Army of the Soviet Union during World so I mean I mean I mean I mean um War II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on okay so like I mean well uh the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact conditions you know like like uh um I mean are flawed in the sense that these sensors would not be able um well um well okay I mean to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary um I mean like you know like well songwriter, lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars okay um uh I mean um uh On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in you know okay like like well uh your face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but has you know like well I mean um uh succesfully found a cult audience in the US, Canada, okay well like uh you know you know Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm I mean well okay uh I mean um. The local governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest I mean you know I mean um well like community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in well I mean I mean so um like 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her okay um well um like so writings and also began to advance the terminology to describe her okay you know um um uh um approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) so like um you know I mean you know is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly okay well I mean so uh I mean used by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the I mean so well you know um um line the pioneers were digging under was subjected to a heavy artillery like like you know uh I mean I mean bombardment, followed by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - like well I mean okay so uh time strategy and role - playing video game so you know uh okay well you know created by German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the like well okay um I mean so boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as okay well um you know um you know a general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving so you know uh uh uh well to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others in I mean uh um like um like the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, and okay well I mean like I mean um species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death uh so I mean um well I mean in biological organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or like um like okay okay um 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is secondary, uh okay well okay I mean you know such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this has uh like I mean um well I mean been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder well so well so like well of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he like well well you know well uh vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead of well okay so okay I mean uh embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within the troposphere below, well I mean so you know uh um which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan so like you know well so um to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman Born: okay well well so well you know , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had learnt the like I mean like I mean like uh traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two like so like so you know so years later; police have said others were you know like you know so okay okay involved in what they consider a murder for hire motivated by okay so like okay well I mean Markel's bitter divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours like uh so I mean like uh to rise, and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse the anticoagulant effect uh well I mean so so well of dabigatran in the event of a major bleeding event, um uh um uh um um unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than Life', like so you know um well um and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC you know I mean so well well I mean 202, but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in um like um well so um Lac La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the um you know well uh like well silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut you know well um um um okay in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a um uh well I mean you know I mean species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is shown to okay okay uh like like like have feelings and emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's assistant just okay you know uh like like well as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of direction in um I mean uh like uh uh the line as it jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is so okay uh okay I mean okay subject to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo like like okay like well uh to sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro high uh okay so I mean uh you know School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which appeared like uh so uh like so in the reign of Theodosius I, as the work of um you know well well well well the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour you know so you know well like uh instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and um um okay um I mean um also voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and okay um like uh well um 'Katha O Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, so so um uh um like Mr. T and Pain played football at Brown University and Mike so I mean so like like like Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie so well you know um you know well was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, and I mean you know uh you know okay uh has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in okay uh well well um so removing everything of value from their victims, and often went okay okay like so okay like further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of you know I mean you know well uh uh Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of well like I mean um uh I mean which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was like uh uh uh you know you know the daughter of a well - to - do family, I mean so I mean so I mean uh and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife salesman at well I mean well um like like Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson a you know well like you know uh okay 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar okay you know uh uh well okay to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds uh I mean you know so okay like a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect for the first so okay uh so uh well time and concedes that the interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus okay well uh um well I mean status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years so okay like um you know so in diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not well like so uh like um show the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / DC's so so I mean well um uh 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were okay um okay um I mean I mean featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical traditions um um I mean so I mean like and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always impose um so uh so uh so trained judges who are presumed to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the you know so so I mean like you know Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of so well okay so um like Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid I mean uh so okay well I mean found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American like you know okay I mean well um family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make um I mean well I mean like so the Red Shirt leaders accountable for the damages well so okay okay well like and crimes, while supporting the approach of the command of you know okay uh you know so well the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University um you know like okay um uh of Texas at Austin, where he is the um okay so I mean so uh Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor like um well um you know you know of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and the terms of um I mean okay okay so I mean trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, tutoring okay like I mean like you know like for the Open University, founding the Unit for the you know like like so like um Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving you know I mean uh well uh like from Turkey has advanced through the league system and you know I mean so um well so is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and okay uh uh I mean well well spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester you know uh well um um I mean blocks and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages well like okay like um like and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 like so like you know you know uh And in the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience as a uh uh well um okay well freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb well so I mean uh you know like squad robot, with the robot placing it in a well um I mean you know you know you know 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a okay so uh uh you know um police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened you know so okay uh okay you know his studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later uh I mean like you know um like enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in so um well uh so like the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as like uh um well well I mean Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is to build up 'strong I mean well uh you know so like and happy families' in Singapore with the development of family um um like okay so like - focused initiatives and programmes to strengthen family bonds and well I mean so okay I mean um support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group you know you know you know um well you know in Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director well okay well I mean you know okay of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made um uh I mean um okay um his first IRL start in 2001 and was like um um uh okay um the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another okay um like okay uh well Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and so okay so so so so Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and um okay like uh um well Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of um so uh uh okay I mean sustained first - person perspective in film as a okay you know uh uh uh um reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, okay okay uh um uh okay James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their I mean you know I mean well like well old manager an easy ride and let him add to I mean um okay well I mean um the three title success he had managed them to in like uh um like okay okay his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of like I mean I mean okay like uh managing distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while okay well you know like you know um Laura marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery uh you know uh like well I mean and trucks, in many cases the division made use of captured uh you know you know okay you know well French vehicles that had been salvaged and modified by I mean okay you know well uh like the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in eight I mean I mean um I mean so so years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the well um well okay so um former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the Doce like um um I mean so so Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of so um um uh uh like the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown, so I mean um um well um Ohio, and is shaping up to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) okay like you know like uh um ( Irish 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) you know so you know like you know so is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when you know you know like I mean okay so the Swans drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton um I mean uh okay okay I mean Wanderers on 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had so well so you know well like led 4 -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted so uh um you know so uh the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) well uh like I mean well um is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was so um um you know uh so Fang Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to okay okay well um like uh one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation you know so so like okay you know Commission approved nomination of the building for the National I mean you know well I mean I mean I mean Register of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided I mean um I mean I mean okay so to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists okay you know so okay so I mean stayed in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 like like um so so you know loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin I mean well like you know uh okay is chosen as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, so like I mean like I mean you know however, when she realizes that she is pregnant like okay um uh okay uh with her second child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at like I mean uh well um well RailAmerica as well, although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica like like you know well you know uh were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town um um uh so okay okay mansions of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main I mean so uh so I mean I mean ghat in Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is like well like well you know um located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, I mean uh so uh uh well Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year - uh you know so um like um old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international well like well like well so footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port um like so you know well I mean Lions F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and if okay uh okay okay I mean okay the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid um you know uh like well well a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team okay so well well I mean um of FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in 1998 I mean uh you know you know uh uh with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified uh uh like well um I mean estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts of okay I mean I mean I mean I mean um Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager of the well you know well well um I mean UIC and went on to publish several books, including 'Responsible I mean um you know um so I mean Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and okay uh like like well so available in the United States, while the GZ125 is like I mean like so uh I mean available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of well I mean okay I mean well okay Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island uh like uh you know well you know of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the country um you know so um um um on many international visits. Now days she is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu okay okay okay uh um like Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to I mean um okay like I mean okay Labour led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority so like you know okay I mean uh government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a I mean so uh okay well so Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the well uh okay you know okay okay third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype so I mean so well well like directly inside contemporary culture with the Black uh okay okay okay um um Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at okay like uh uh okay uh Duke University where he was the first Duke basketball so so um like like like player to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the uh you know you know well uh so most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey was um like well like so well robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set alight in you know I mean uh um okay I mean the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which uh so I mean okay um you know was started more than 100 years back providing education up like uh I mean like um you know to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 WPA I mean like like okay well you know World Eight - ball Championship, but lost to um like so well so okay his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the so uh you know uh I mean you know worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out through like okay like okay um you know his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists well uh well so well uh and even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she uh so like I mean so well can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 okay like well okay you know um and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's uh like you know okay well well ECM label; his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh like well like I mean um like Rakhe, came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get killed okay you know like I mean you know I mean if he does so, Andy puts the final piece so okay I mean I mean uh uh of on rock, which then falls into the okay okay I mean so you know so portal, which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs so uh okay so like well to break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's okay okay um like okay like Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties so um okay uh like you know and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States like so um so like I mean Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and um okay um uh well I mean emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe uh uh you know okay so I mean each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, well I mean um okay well uh the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport well I mean uh well so so vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', um uh um okay well so 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during uh like okay okay you know okay prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was developed well um like so um you know under the GPL v3 license and offers a series of full uh like I mean I mean well I mean text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible like okay you know okay um you know seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped I mean well so I mean well I mean at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem I mean okay I mean well like I mean to be a very primitive development, that is, it did well uh I mean um I mean I mean not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in so well well well well um the Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and so uh okay okay so uh agree to call each other after they both wake okay um I mean like like uh up to see if they were both really there and then Tyler well well um like uh okay uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as like I mean um well like you know the three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft like um I mean so like like failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers okay well okay I mean like well allowed a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this well so so like you know um number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new campus you know uh okay like like okay was sold and developed with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine so you know okay um I mean okay Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one of um okay so um well like the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the okay uh so well okay um same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of 2007 I mean okay well like um uh -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased well okay like um you know I mean recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they be you know um I mean I mean you know you know given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since um you know like I mean like uh 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member on TV uh uh so I mean like you know Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, Grammys, Golden I mean well um uh I mean well Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 yards like you know like uh so well from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the um well uh okay you know like vinyl - siloxane as a starting reagent, you know you know well so uh well with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe uh like well so I mean you know she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, which well um okay you know um um features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building so I mean so okay um you know and networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare you know uh so um like like but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he um I mean so like so okay attended Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' while his um like okay I mean okay okay short stories have been published in a uh like like so um so number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, you know uh I mean well I mean you know and Mr. Bennet explains that her that Chandra has a list so okay you know uh so so with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, uh you know well so um okay Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, by the I mean uh um like I mean well Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 um uh like well well you know appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was uh okay um like uh um a key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls 'Generation's I mean so um so okay like songs, Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics you know okay so uh I mean I mean for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in so uh uh so well uh the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our okay like like I mean uh like Lady of the Hermits, that title being derived from the you know um okay so I mean um circumstances of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of North you know um uh um you know uh Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack of like like okay I mean uh you know diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet um you know uh okay I mean so is used in the music video of 'Twilight uh so so so you know you know Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources (primary I mean okay well well like um and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant like I mean uh uh you know you know current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release of well well uh so well um 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish um uh okay like you know well Academy of Music & Drama he won a Laurence Olivier uh uh I mean uh well well Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made so uh you know um like I mean no profit with the exception of the sale of his farm you know like okay like well okay for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out of humour' um um you know I mean so you know when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons & I mean like well I mean well I mean Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus uh okay you know I mean so I mean Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment I mean you know like okay I mean well buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering okay so um you know okay I mean services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as okay well um like well okay all institutions grew they become evermore corrupted by the influence of so you know so okay I mean like power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer I mean okay I mean okay you know I mean who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group um I mean well well okay like that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and I mean like like like I mean um is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic so uh uh well um you know island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, okay I mean you know so well uh the son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Islamist uh um so well um okay militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the like well okay uh um so court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March I mean I mean well like you know like 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a well so uh you know so okay synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and communications you know uh so uh I mean um firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and I mean so well um uh like develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks were I mean uh uh so like okay and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the city so well I mean well like you know for the first time and his team wanted to so uh uh um like okay maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to um well so well um so the antelope mainly due to its great size, but I mean well um I mean you know I mean it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, okay okay uh well uh well 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted to well um uh um like like the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter with um I mean well so okay well his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended uh okay well I mean uh so the University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who I mean you know uh I mean you know uh gained the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to um okay okay uh um uh describe the tattooed bodies of the people residing in the I mean I mean you know so I mean okay islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for I mean um I mean uh um so Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for I mean so well uh um you know Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where okay I mean like okay okay uh end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with well like I mean uh like I mean the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based on like I mean um so I mean so a different model than the earlier two editions, and um uh well like I mean I mean resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon I mean okay well um um well tired of the long journey and was bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark um um okay uh like uh (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the service like so I mean uh um okay being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, you know well well um well well online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible to hold real like uh you know okay um okay - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the like you know you know so uh I mean city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the like you know like like I mean uh action was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like I mean so like well like I mean a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring uh um well okay uh um in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking uh well like uh well so the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took place I mean uh um so um well in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts player I mean um okay well I mean so who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) like you know well you know you know okay is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and well I mean like you know I mean um CEO of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier arrangements, and I mean well you know uh so okay public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch Neudorf' well you know so uh okay so that was used before the year 1914 notable is that um you know like uh okay uh the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the I mean you know I mean uh like okay old skool rave / jungle techno sound and releases his music well okay like like so okay primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all like well um um um um the dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken I mean I mean like um okay like in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 July you know well okay okay um okay 1876, and worked first as a school teacher in Maryborough I mean well okay well um okay and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left Germany okay uh uh okay so uh in January 1933, and seven months old, John and you know well okay so you know okay his mother arrived in England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District you know okay okay like I mean um / West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North uh well you know I mean um uh lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of uh um well um um so October 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond so like I mean I mean you know I mean Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became the 'de well you know uh so uh you know facto' dictator of Charleston until the town was abandoned around okay like well I mean uh so 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he was well I mean uh like like you know working at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting was um like um I mean like so greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, okay uh like so you know well California and is mostly known for his time with well like so so you know so the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy like like uh so like uh in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under Amasis II like I mean you know you know I mean well. This brief period of Egyptian domination left its influence mainly in you know uh uh okay I mean well the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with uh you know you know uh I mean uh Search for a Star (Launched as a um uh um so like so joint project with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest uh uh well you know so I mean in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no okay like well okay um uh matter what the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has a uh uh so I mean you know I mean degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber um okay okay like uh I mean full of water at less than atmospheric pressure which is formed I mean I mean uh um I mean I mean when the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, you know I mean you know okay well well 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white so well so I mean okay uh Boston attorney who later went on to become president uh you know uh well so okay of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of like so um okay uh um the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to well uh so you know so so find a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need well I mean well I mean like well one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she um so like so like um invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, silver so like so I mean okay like was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and so you know well well okay I mean a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 um so like like um um in Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player um um I mean so well um who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist of straight you know so so okay I mean you know sections across the hill, followed by sharp turns to the complementary I mean like um um like you know angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no okay okay um so I mean uh father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part okay uh okay um like well of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on you know so I mean uh well well assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the physical um well okay I mean okay uh land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used like um you know like um um to be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and uh so I mean um you know um was reported to be in fair health in 2008, at which so I mean so like so um point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced I mean um so so so you know it would purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in like so you know you know uh well a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera you know okay uh I mean okay so received an order to sew a number of Russian military so uh um um uh well uniforms that later were used in an exchange of you know um you know um you know like gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both like like like um okay um credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way um uh you know I mean you know you know of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of so so like I mean well I mean Fatih Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on the um well uh uh well well site of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy um I mean so I mean so like Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits so okay you know you know well uh he is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil well like you know well you know so halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information you know well so well um well Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, okay like okay so well uh the Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years like well um you know well you know of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and um uh um so okay so were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen uh you know like like well like to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, you know you know I mean well you know um which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character okay um so um like well and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours like um I mean um so like but the resolution could go up to 1024 × you know I mean you know like I mean I mean 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and dependency; uh uh like um okay uh both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during I mean well I mean like um okay the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer like I mean I mean uh well I mean Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling you know uh uh you know well well pay - per - view (PPV) event produced so like um I mean um well by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on so so you know like I mean um March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 okay like well well uh uh and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation um like um so you know uh Company (P&O) of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become ensnared uh you know okay so okay well in its web, killing them with its okay well um so well uh venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his you know so you know I mean um I mean opponent may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would okay you know so uh I mean I mean probably only be knocked back in this situation, like you know uh like uh well the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she you know like I mean like like you know uses as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to send strong seismic okay well uh uh I mean uh waves by smashing her guitar onto the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity and like um so I mean um um patriotic values, and that is why they are still uh um uh you know well you know the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian I mean well okay so I mean okay international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol and you know so so so I mean uh Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of Glasgow gangster well um so um well well Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more so okay okay so uh I mean against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an Algerian um I mean um I mean like uh football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of Cesar like I mean I mean like okay okay located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi um so uh well well uh was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards you know like well like um okay that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of so um like okay okay I mean the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a I mean uh uh okay you know I mean Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped okay I mean well you know so um define the field of American paleontology; he was a um um okay so okay uh prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his well uh you know well um well lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which uh you know um you know uh so meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, so okay I mean okay uh you know which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion and uh I mean okay well I mean well inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera like um uh you know I mean I mean y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT okay uh well uh so uh or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic okay uh I mean so you know um turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who I mean uh uh I mean well so were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and the okay um I mean so so you know tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands you know um you know so like so on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to well like I mean uh you know I mean a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it um I mean so well okay like currently belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate like like okay I mean I mean okay records, court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra like uh like okay I mean you know Commander and Serpentor and took them to their hidden well okay so so okay so headquarters to try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put so um you know you know like well Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese I mean I mean well you know um well team to sign an American player when they signed former I mean I mean like like like so major league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, well like well well you know um who had played in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl like I mean like well well uh XXXIV in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked so you know uh um you know uh as a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals okay so I mean so okay uh for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the so okay uh like okay you know third - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by so okay okay okay okay I mean land) structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock I mean um I mean you know you know okay is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic orchestration um you know like uh so okay with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, they so so well you know well uh are regularly seen around the islands as well as in well so okay uh uh like the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval weapon okay so you know well um well with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to well uh okay well um I mean have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville you know so well uh so uh in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, like so okay um like well the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a number uh um um okay okay so of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful I mean uh so well like so heir, Idris said a family council would decide who would um I mean uh well well um be king, not an heir, and that his uh um so well uh like father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with its sister um you know like well okay I mean station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February you know okay um you know um so 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles uh uh I mean well so like for the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet I mean like okay well I mean you know she shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, you know okay so uh you know um Season 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 19 you know um well I mean you know I mean. 495 and took his sixth pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the Habsburg you know um you know um um uh Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the uh uh well like well okay Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars I mean um okay like I mean like of King Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' ( pronounced well like okay um you know uh 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed um okay well um you know okay elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of um well I mean uh I mean you know North America later that year, and was released in like you know okay okay um like Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and uh okay like I mean so so led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London uh you know you know well like uh on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the DFL like I mean I mean so so you know endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in April you know you know you know so uh so 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south India and you know so like I mean you know uh is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in so well so um I mean okay Business Award in the non-profit category as presented by The um well okay so so um Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op you know uh you know you know um uh Zoom or Breda but at the same time he I mean okay I mean okay well well had worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to which I mean like you know uh uh okay she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, you know like well so so so North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian descent, he well uh so I mean I mean okay got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 um uh like well um uh to 1927 was called the Nevada - California uh I mean I mean like like well - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as a volunteer like like okay uh um so in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she so okay well okay um you know is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that like okay um like uh so is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics supervillains: I mean um I mean um so like alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, okay um uh so uh okay the red pigment in blood, but are also found in I mean you know like you know um like a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' okay um okay so okay well (1981), part of a collection of dances in a piece entitled well like well well like well 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines and the uh well uh well um so elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal well like so you know I mean so Farooqi born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, you know I mean I mean uh like uh Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the uh I mean I mean so uh like premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a so okay okay like I mean you know new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly I mean so um I mean you know you know until the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but shortly um okay so like um um afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a like um I mean like so I mean Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very smart like okay okay okay so uh and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a uh well okay you know so um serious case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything like uh you know like um um stronger than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA okay well um uh you know so at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He you know I mean um well okay I mean claimed that Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely I mean okay well you know you know um related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate so um you know you know okay I mean arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed well so like so um um - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any I mean um so I mean well so other intervention in America, however, it should be noted that often Drug okay well I mean well um I mean courts are the only avenue for entry into treatment in like okay well uh uh uh the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim you know um so um um well as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled like well you know I mean so uh his plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the okay so so well okay well KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian I mean well you know like I mean like professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the so like you know okay so I mean women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest so uh I mean you know okay I mean Territories and Yukon, will be held from January 11 to 12 at well so I mean well so okay the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and like you know you know so like I mean abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering okay you know I mean um so so with mud the whole French army, and even France herself, well like okay okay like like for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train I mean uh like you know I mean you know one day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, um like you know um I mean I mean O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, um uh like okay okay you know bisected by the entrance road and connected via an underpass well well well okay like um and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than so I mean like uh so uh in other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the hits um like okay so okay well knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to okay um um okay okay well identify a younger male or female that an older I mean okay well so uh I mean individual was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger like I mean um so um uh person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either the um uh uh uh well well English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word I mean so like well uh I mean 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David I mean well I mean you know well well H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft so um okay well um uh gun, even though she is never seen using it, uh uh um uh uh um and was removed in the PS2 adaption of the so well okay I mean um um game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high um you know um well so uh school, and soon after booked her first two jobs I mean you know um like um I mean in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 you know um I mean okay uh so in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, okay well okay so uh you know Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when he uh uh okay um I mean uh was sent to a P. O. W you know like so like I mean like. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station in I mean so uh well well well the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a successful exhibitor like well okay I mean I mean so at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal well uh like you know so um shots, Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and video okay like um so I mean so from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward you know uh I mean well okay uh the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative like well like um I mean so of Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure well um you know so uh uh from the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the venue's well well like um well okay reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for I mean uh like um okay like walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him okay okay um okay well well and he confronts her about the engagement telling her like well um I mean you know uh that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a uh well well you know I mean like pro-British prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place um you know okay um like okay until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website on 23 I mean um I mean like I mean uh November and then went to all UK music um so um so okay okay channels, the video is black and white and sees Ferguson singing so uh I mean um uh you know along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, uh um well okay okay you know Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club there sister like well you know well you know like company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the basis I mean I mean okay uh well I mean of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The so um like uh uh like Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive okay uh uh so um like medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as you know so uh well okay you know the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to you know I mean you know uh like so Penn Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert like you know you know you know so uh Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, which well like I mean so you know okay Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is um well okay okay um you know a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer I mean okay like so uh uh of HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, you know like um uh so uh as Second - in - Command of the 3rd um well so so okay you know Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United okay okay so so well okay States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and I mean okay I mean well so uh his book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it I mean you know like you know uh like was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, well I mean well well um like Press Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF you know okay uh um uh um channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to I mean I mean okay well so I mean cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without uh uh you know so uh you know any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and well I mean uh I mean so so named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, like well okay you know like well Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the so uh like I mean well like volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location um uh I mean well okay well in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the well uh I mean so um okay design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv like like um uh well well series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to work uh uh so like so okay for her on missions other A. R. G. U like so like like okay like. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have well like you know um well so Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain okay so like I mean well so the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the I mean I mean so okay I mean uh Bellingham riot, on September 7 and 8, in response uh so I mean uh um you know to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) is a like uh okay so I mean okay French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research team like you know uh well I mean like to conduct a detailed case study on her, and um you know I mean uh okay like in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital well you know like like like like scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions um well I mean I mean uh uh in North Sydney including beach defences to respond to like well uh uh uh well possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where I mean you know well okay okay so it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single so you know uh well you know so runway airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues um so you know okay you know well band Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an international he played five times for um I mean you know uh uh you know Ireland before it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, you know you know um well uh I mean 2001), born Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he um like you know okay I mean okay became the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced of so well you know okay um so him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation; I mean um so um so well due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he uh so you know so like I mean wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and tells him that a so um uh okay you know like poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more um well I mean so uh you know off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin uh uh okay um so I mean finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the well so you know uh like like First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority so so I mean I mean okay like of the town late Monday evening after an earlier battle between uh like uh um so um Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year like um you know you know I mean um in the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a well so so I mean like I mean theoretical perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film well so I mean uh so uh saw the return of studio - driven pictures, coming from uh um I mean okay um like the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien well so well like well I mean pod; while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at so okay I mean like I mean like 24 Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade well okay I mean so like uh Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve um okay um I mean like okay white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word well well uh okay okay okay 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom uh well like you know so so front of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be um so you know like you know well linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was uh um like um like so also used by other Residents and Governors, and so okay well um uh I mean you know it became known as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort so so uh like so you know Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in you know well you know so like well Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) um um I mean uh okay okay was a Fijian chief and statesman, who played a major so I mean um so um well role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded well like like I mean well well man in a black suit jacket with white well I mean so you know well like lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro so you know I mean okay like okay killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it like uh well you know like so is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it um okay uh so I mean so failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately um I mean uh I mean you know I mean 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the greater uh like uh you know okay so number of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 you know I mean well so like I mean favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with a um uh like okay like I mean fever and won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie so like you know okay I mean okay Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with Rey you know okay okay I mean okay so Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who um uh okay so I mean so played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at representative level um like like okay so you know for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father like you know like um okay uh of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association um I mean like okay well uh (LAAFTA) was founded in May 2001 to provide uh um you know uh you know like a forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars well so um I mean okay okay rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the rights I mean like you know so uh I mean and privileges granted to Russia by China in the okay so well well okay well Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by the so I mean okay um so you know Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, well well well okay okay well while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's you know well like you know I mean okay wife, mother, and two sisters - in - law to uh um you know I mean um uh gain control of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters well like so I mean well like beyond the group's control, these two releases failed to get um like okay uh well I mean sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just um like you know um okay you know short of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one whiskey I mean like like like so so and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of railroad well you know I mean I mean okay like workers, but this store was later joined by a general store um I mean you know so like okay operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the uh like I mean um well like chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope until she was unconscious, you know like um like you know okay placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel you know okay okay um well uh Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin located like well like um I mean you know in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its well um uh uh uh uh donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after I mean okay uh I mean well uh the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie like well you know uh I mean okay Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports Hall so I mean like okay so you know of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran so you know I mean okay uh um artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She you know um um you know like you know was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - 2 draw like I mean okay okay so like away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September 2010, and scored um uh okay okay okay you know his first goal against Syrianska FC in the so um I mean you know like uh home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return uh I mean well you know okay you know the ring, but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris so uh uh you know so so ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 film you know well okay I mean okay so about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja I mean I mean like I mean okay so Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the like well you know like I mean uh school year of 1994 in whom he organized / like um like like you know I mean introduced Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular uh you know so I mean you know um P. E. Subject to all pupils and uh I mean well well I mean well presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson I mean you know uh so so you know is actually a 7. 5m long mast - step so I mean so uh well um timber made of oak which doubles the axial frame uh okay like like um uh and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by like like I mean uh so so 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy so you know like I mean so like Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included uh you know you know um uh I mean in the release; these are short - form pop songs uh well okay like so I mean featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility well um uh you know okay you know that is a member institution of the Sydney College of um I mean so well um okay Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and so I mean so like I mean so postgraduate qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their like I mean um like well so apartment, and becomes a slave of her own paranoid fears, and well okay um like you know like becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan well um uh okay you know okay society; the president oversees this and the would be king well I mean well I mean like so is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for you know well uh you know I mean well all the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the stick controlled the so like so you know uh um upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much - improved performance, um I mean like uh like I mean but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum amount of like so so you know um okay energy they could produce would be about okay I mean well like like uh the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English okay okay like okay like so footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Huddersfield uh I mean um you know okay like Town as a striker and has represented England at U17, you know I mean I mean like okay okay U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated so you know you know uh okay like by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 January uh well like I mean um well 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten I mean um you know uh you know like the peasants but quite the opposite was true - uh I mean I mean I mean you know okay over the next year they secretly prepared for war, okay um uh you know you know uh recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - range I mean um um I mean you know um rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, due to I mean like like uh um uh the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located from well you know um I mean so okay the Sea of Galilee at a height of above okay okay so uh well so sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from I mean you know I mean well um you know 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the lab as the like I mean okay uh you know well for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled I mean uh I mean um um well by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the um you know okay well um I mean Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of you know okay I mean well uh like Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman well okay okay uh you know okay in the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold you know well you know like I mean like on Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt I mean uh okay like I mean um to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, daughter of well uh um you know uh like Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter Elizabeth so uh I mean um I mean okay Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop well well well okay so uh group, founded in 1963 in North London, best known for um uh okay like like like their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - these I mean I mean so okay uh well dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the okay you know like um like um CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus you know so I mean I mean like I mean to warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons the okay like um like well you know audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the you know well like well well um Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on so uh um um well you know January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 like so you know you know I mean okay and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed I mean so you know um uh okay a new constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation uh you know um so you know uh that persisted into the 1960s until after federal enforcement well okay well I mean okay um of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because of so uh well well so uh his desire to unite all all Slavs in one Catholic um okay uh so okay like Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until uh you know um like okay like his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy uh um I mean like you know like drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank okay um um so okay so Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference um okay okay like so uh voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and you know okay so I mean uh well called for UCU members to reject the proposal and uh well okay um you know like continue to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) was you know you know you know well so well created during the German Empire time. It is also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is well well you know um um I mean particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing and was I mean so you know okay uh okay featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part I mean you know like uh well I mean of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that um you know you know I mean so well 50 % of the oil had been contained and you know so well like um um that the slick had been removed from about 95 well like you know I mean um well % of Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town so uh okay so uh um which sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very well uh well well okay I mean limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to 2007, Sons of uh you know okay um well um Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, okay so so I mean uh um who announced that his objective was the capture of well um well okay uh I mean the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from uh so um like so like the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the uh uh okay I mean you know I mean use of this method including differences in observations when using single okay okay like um well I mean and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting uh well so um like well director of the FOX series 'The O. C.' She I mean so okay well well like had a six - episode recurring role as Holly Fischer um I mean I mean so okay um in the first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and well I mean you know you know you know so other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as the I mean so okay you know so uh malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted uh so okay I mean so I mean retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United okay you know like um um okay States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell (1874 you know you know well okay um I mean - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and other multi-developer I mean well uh like like I mean projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December like well well so I mean so 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for um um okay okay uh like the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 like so you know you know I mean um to 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, okay like so like I mean like in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad so uh uh so I mean I mean for the first time in May 2007 for an end you know so you know uh I mean okay of season tour to the United States and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's so like I mean so okay I mean stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the uh like uh so like well local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to Pakistan, um you know uh like uh so where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various like well so so like um types and models for fixed - route service, and I mean so I mean so um you know over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing um I mean um um well uh service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built so uh um like um uh during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, like uh well um okay well it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' um um okay uh well um and was released just before Christmas on the 18th December like like like you know um um 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, although um you know well um I mean like it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon characterised you know okay uh like so okay by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, abnormaly more um okay you know well uh uh than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in so okay um so okay like Alexandria the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and so well okay um I mean okay Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 but could I mean I mean well well so you know not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three years in scoring with 13 uh you know I mean I mean like um. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and I mean uh you know I mean well so green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for I mean I mean uh well I mean like Jessie, sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in um so uh you know uh like downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, like uh well okay um so the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of so I mean like so well so Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to uh well uh um okay uh be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into um like well you know okay um the porch of the present church, and the church is so um you know well uh um famous for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the uh well okay you know I mean uh above list, but one source estimates the population um okay uh um I mean I mean at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based um uh okay uh uh like on agriculture and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, okay um you know uh well you know this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of the okay um uh well uh I mean sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a um okay like I mean I mean uh space - based experiment to test the theory of well okay like um like you know general relativity, performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed uh uh okay uh uh you know changes was headlined in newspapers across the United States, like I mean okay you know okay well as for example on page 1 of the well so okay well okay uh 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released uh okay uh um I mean uh following the song's success, which was also quite successful as I mean so um uh okay okay was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play well uh so like I mean so home games at the Gordon Field House on the so like okay you know well okay campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and like like um like so um held off from eating of the boy's body and brought like so well um so well Pelops back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could I mean like um like uh like have lead if they got married, however the realism influence um um I mean uh okay uh on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose well you know so like uh so of playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob I mean um okay um you know you know Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age of eleven um um well uh you know well at the National Ballet School of Canada, for seven years and upon like uh I mean well like so graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in I mean okay so uh like okay their late grandfather's attic and brought it to the attention um well you know so uh well of a local reporter, whose TV news report on the strange I mean um well um well like find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is a um like you know okay so you know traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry this well um so well uh so includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to um I mean well I mean you know okay suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his talent okay like I mean you know you know so led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing the okay um uh um I mean uh seat of Frome in the South Australian House of Assembly you know well you know um like you know as an Independent, after a shock win at the uh um you know I mean so I mean 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within Yukie uh I mean uh um well you know and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county I mean like like um um like located in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus well um you know like I mean like of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the well okay uh well uh so leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album well um okay so you know you know of the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States I mean like like so okay well compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' um okay you know I mean so you know ) was a program devised by the CIA um um well well okay okay in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June like so um you know okay um 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several more so uh you know I mean well um times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a creator um okay um you know um like. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and practicing so I mean like uh I mean okay medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against Toni Gilhooley like um okay I mean like um (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue like you know um you know um okay of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and sadly um so uh I mean uh well the rest of the house became little more than so so so I mean okay well a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley (the well I mean okay so I mean like present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around you know I mean you know you know okay so 1685 were in part a reunification of the old um uh okay you know uh you know La Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large um okay well uh I mean okay population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June uh like so okay um well / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage um um like um I mean I mean caches struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and okay so like well okay um POL. Vang Pao now regained the confidence in air okay like like um I mean um power that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old um I mean I mean well so well Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence you know um well uh so like at Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where uh okay okay uh you know you know he teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news like well you know uh I mean well coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki Rua okay you know well I mean you know you know Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural well um um you know you know I mean works and saw the emergence of award winning like um like okay like uh Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the well well I mean uh okay I mean Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush um um okay okay well well Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the fight, the fight like so like okay I mean so takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian you know um um so um like retired ice hockey player who played in the uh like you know you know well so National Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made like you know so okay you know so a huge financial investment in an effort to win another so okay you know uh you know well European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, and like like I mean so you know like she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, much uh like um like so okay to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine I mean uh uh well um um appeared in the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to I mean so I mean um um okay avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 well um okay I mean so so in the early 1990s, where he did his you know I mean uh like um like formal training at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance like so I mean okay you know like in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two well like well like like you know nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the I mean okay I mean like well well group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly like um okay um um you know find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands well like you know so well like section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV you know so so um so you know and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast I mean well um so uh like hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from the I mean um well um uh like inside to the outside of the body, the back hand well I mean uh like so I mean is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', Turkey I mean you know like like well well ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) well okay so you know you know I mean disk galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies well um uh okay you know um currently known, at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the diamond um like uh you know okay I mean industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and like you know okay you know like so became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for I mean well so uh uh um the Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 well well like um like you know MLS Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman uh you know you know so uh um challenged a group of Galaxy fans to form well okay like so like so a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air into I mean I mean so well um I mean the water; the air is compressed by surrounding water well uh okay um like like pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the uh uh you know like okay like Japanese military said that the conclusion can I mean okay well um you know uh be known to Shinozaki himself, and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials um um uh okay um like for popular brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime I mean okay uh um so well series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story because her you know uh well you know I mean I mean grandmother is dying and she feels like she is um okay well okay I mean uh killing her because the fairy godmother finally found a replacement and like um you know okay uh well now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, 216 uh okay like well okay like in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) well uh um so like like or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now the dominant so uh like like so so cultural force; a number of its members were you know I mean so um you know you know influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer Prize - so so well uh um uh winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and services so I mean like okay uh you know were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, a uh so okay you know well so phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of St um well uh I mean so well Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, uh I mean like okay you know uh where the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who like you know I mean I mean uh okay attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went on okay okay well okay I mean you know to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a like okay you know well uh uh candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is currently okay like so uh um uh the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall you know well you know uh uh I mean increased and this particular escape route became so um like uh okay uh less and less important, other means of leaving the GDR uh you know like uh well uh were used more often, for example by way of I mean so um um I mean okay neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was uh um um like so well celebrated on the first Sunday of October for like so um I mean I mean you know years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where you know I mean I mean you know okay uh captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers and um I mean I mean you know I mean like magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two like so well well like so LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been you know well you know I mean so so used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft SQL um well okay so uh uh Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning um you know so well you know um into the next track, a Phil Collins well um you know you know okay um cover from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - um um uh um uh like core design, the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and um um I mean um I mean okay is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati okay like um uh you know uh / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the okay okay you know uh you know well popularity of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached a I mean well so you know I mean well career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon like you know you know you know um like capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as opposed okay okay I mean okay you know like to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually um uh well like I mean you know offered with a very low initial interest rate ( I mean you know like you know so you know a so - called 'teaser rate' ) and like so well I mean well so a low minimum payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy so you know so um so um was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day uh okay you know so um uh festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of you know so I mean okay I mean um scholars and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I so um so I mean um uh and Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles uh well so so I mean um of both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a I mean like like uh like so great number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 as well um like I mean you know um the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade 2 um um okay so um well Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after the you know so okay like I mean I mean caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail to like well you know um you know I mean let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for um um okay I mean okay um defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed uh I mean so um so well from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it you know uh okay well okay well consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) was you know I mean uh okay okay uh an English children's author born in 1920 and brought up in so uh like well well so the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for so okay um I mean I mean um privatisation in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' like um like um like so (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of I mean well like I mean well you know Leiden University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of like okay uh like so uh history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city well I mean okay you know um uh of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans well so like um like I mean Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in 1987 as so well I mean well um well the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, um like so well okay so and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by I mean um um so um like June 1861, and the French had began to report um I mean um so well uh that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to um like so okay so okay live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist okay okay so you know well like Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a okay uh so so so I mean new enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and well um um well so okay PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of well like uh uh you know so collapse as a result of the war, is undermanned and uh um uh um um um struggles to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and okay okay I mean so I mean so metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', and okay I mean uh okay like so from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to well well so well you know you know reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot I mean so so okay okay uh would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, I mean you know like um you know you know the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick uh you know you know okay well I mean W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U well I mean you know I mean okay uh. S. Government, and returned to a studio he I mean like well um I mean like had taken at the Tenth Street Studio Building in I mean like like okay you know you know New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an I mean um okay like I mean okay action potential, and so the spike is typically okay you know um um okay well crowned by a burst of two to seven you know you know uh uh so um action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that okay okay well I mean you know uh includes the construction of four new stations in Boston, uh like okay okay uh well while work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) so I mean I mean well you know you know was born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small so you know well okay well so village in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to I mean you know I mean so I mean um fight homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided okay like like like uh um with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met okay okay I mean okay you know okay in the 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of that um you know I mean uh uh so series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing enough, so okay you know um well I mean so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie well uh okay um uh like University with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, well so so so um uh the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird well uh well uh uh like Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside uh so so um uh you know the Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' like so well so okay so (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to you know well I mean like uh okay pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in well you know I mean uh well I mean 'Origin', though a single line hinted at such a conclusion: um you know like like um um 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest - so so um you know um um running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language in and um you know like you know you know well of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went on to so uh um uh okay like compare the album to the work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this um okay uh well I mean like village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you can okay uh like okay um okay say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP um so okay well I mean well - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United States like like so like like like Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won a well well like uh uh I mean 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health um uh okay like okay so care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of you know okay uh so well um artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team I mean um well well you know well to score 100 points against another Division 1 well uh I mean so I mean so team, (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the um I mean uh so so well only Division I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call like so I mean uh um you know from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the well I mean well like um well Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant uh okay uh um um well alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - um like uh uh you know I mean to - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's so you know so well you know uh mother's name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found okay well I mean well so I mean in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in okay um well I mean uh you know the German second tier league during the January transfer I mean uh um um I mean uh window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are well I mean um so you know like now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing you know I mean so uh so um among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the okay okay okay okay um well url parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter and any like I mean I mean uh I mean I mean use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field um um um well um um teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & so I mean uh um um like diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is almost okay well um you know well so the same size as HIP 110703, but don't get confused with you know uh uh uh um okay the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia legislature, uh uh um so like like then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became a judge okay so well so uh I mean and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States Army under so well okay well okay um General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more you know um uh okay like okay episodes and air the original Dragonball anime okay okay like I mean you know like and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday okay I mean I mean like like so 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from 1988 uh well well I mean you know okay - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it you know I mean you know um I mean you know opened its doors to its first batch of students pursuing Degree like so um uh okay well programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states well like I mean um so well of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, frequently like I mean um um you know so rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, and I mean I mean um I mean like so rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, okay I mean well okay you know so 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the well uh I mean well you know so resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and like okay you know I mean I mean well articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, okay so um so like you know called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season so I mean you know you know well you know a half helping to keep the club in the uh like I mean well I mean um Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr uh uh so um like you know and 5th Baron West KB KG (c. 1457 -- I mean so like um I mean so 10 October 1525) was the oldest son of Richard West, um like like I mean um um 7th Baron De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community um you know so you know um you know however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners like uh like I mean I mean so were trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a population increase so well well I mean um like justifying the setting up of a police force, just um you know like I mean so like in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has been like okay well you know well um a National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - I mean I mean um like well I mean 2000 in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in well okay okay you know so well New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL I mean I mean like uh um well. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key item called well okay okay okay I mean uh Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of uh like uh I mean uh you know Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his work, you know I mean so you know you know okay there is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March 24, I mean I mean I mean well so um 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - Marie like um I mean uh you know um Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way like uh so like so uh to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met a you know so so uh uh okay resistance of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, like like I mean I mean like well deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period of um like uh like you know I mean strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed down so so I mean I mean okay uh dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling uh well I mean so well um - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the uh okay I mean okay like okay Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, um I mean like so like like Georgia) is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square um okay um you know uh like kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one I mean uh like like well um - third the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 like like um I mean okay like Days in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species so um uh uh so you know of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the you know I mean okay okay uh well Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- um like so so um I mean 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled uh like um I mean I mean you know in, so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the Las okay so okay I mean okay I mean Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, a Nevada resident, um so uh I mean you know like was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make them you know I mean well so so I mean advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better uh like uh um uh okay known as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best okay like so you know okay well known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known as um you know you know okay like uh heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is a I mean I mean I mean okay you know well colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 okay well um I mean well so in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer um I mean you know so you know like who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to so like um I mean like so cool below a certain temperature, as there was like so uh um you know okay a risk of the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the so okay you know well I mean well flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely uh um um well uh well devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes cast, followed uh um you know okay uh uh by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic foot structure okay um I mean so uh uh on the rear feet: the symmetry of the foot uh so you know so okay well passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins so I mean well uh well you know with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) can okay I mean well you know I mean uh emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging is thought you know okay okay well you know so to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, and locking um well like like uh well are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric like um um so I mean well prints based on her ceramics for a festival in like um um um uh well Seville Expo in 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani railway I mean like well you know uh I mean lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of railway track well like uh um so I mean is in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume most uh like uh like um uh of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate to so well I mean uh like okay his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be I mean you know um I mean okay well naturalized with the rest of his family, but well okay so well so you know he has started to hang out with a bad crowd okay okay I mean um well you know and ultimately participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most um um so uh well well of the supporting characters returned for the new program, which ran okay um like um um okay for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of I mean um like well so I mean Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 -- okay like okay well like you know 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, who with his I mean well I mean okay I mean um 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September 1996 okay I mean well well okay like she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of you know like I mean you know so um a number of 'slave castles', fortifications in Ghana built um so so you know I mean okay by Swedish traders, originally for trade in timber I mean like uh well like like and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for recording with like um so okay uh um Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing the guitar and so you know so I mean I mean like bass guitar in the studio, although the line - um I mean I mean uh like well up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is I mean so I mean um okay I mean not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health well uh well okay like I mean Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 pending their investigations, well so so you know you know you know and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter okay I mean I mean well uh okay ID Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain country in uh you know you know like uh uh front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of so like okay uh okay I mean India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used uh okay well well um I mean the facilities for their summer practice and the university I mean I mean you know so well okay would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and okay I mean uh uh um so it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between uh uh like uh well well the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being an so um um okay okay okay ice - cream salesman and a night - club bouncer um I mean so so uh I mean and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 well well okay like uh you know February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son of George like like um well um okay Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black so so well I mean you know so Sea in the 3rd century AD, the Goths I mean I mean you know well so um soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes uh so you know okay like so 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' and 'The I mean like uh like okay okay Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true so you know like um okay you know experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept so so well so so well interned at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed I mean like like uh like uh to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' um you know uh okay I mean okay company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous I mean well well you know okay like structure: several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a um like I mean you know well uh single room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of I mean you know uh uh well you know the qualifying events for The Open Championship; the leading three okay I mean like I mean okay well players who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May I mean so I mean okay well uh 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some so I mean well you know well uh taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the like like so so um well breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who uh I mean I mean um okay uh were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but well okay um um um I mean getting the news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog what uh well well you know so uh existed in Brazil at the time of the conquest, I mean um you know um I mean um including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of you know okay um okay I mean okay sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went out okay I mean well I mean okay okay on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice you know uh I mean okay I mean uh Tripp also attended, and all three men would more I mean um like so so um than 20 years later play a key role in helping you know um like like okay well Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any unit you know um so you know I mean okay that manages to get close to them can take them out um so like um you know uh very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint as you know I mean like like okay you know a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, I mean uh okay so um like who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one okay I mean uh you know okay like of two councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases uh I mean well I mean I mean okay that council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be so okay okay okay well okay for the next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil I mean like um like well you know São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, so um okay okay well I mean 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and like like uh uh uh okay about 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, you know okay so so okay uh native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, okay so like uh you know I mean southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament of so well um uh okay you know Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the second uh well um well so okay round of the elections to the Council of States will um I mean okay okay so like be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took so well you know I mean like you know up the campaign against the truck system, by which so like okay like um I mean employees were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's you know so um you know well uh muggers, Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later he well I mean so um um um tells them he did have it but gave it um well so I mean well so to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although she you know well um so you know you know loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four aircraft well okay so um well well reached England, one carrying a bomb which, aimed at um so uh like okay I mean Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received okay uh so uh um you know two Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over terrestrial plants uh well you know okay well so And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai well you know well okay um you know were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been educated in well I mean like okay you know like Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League so okay you know uh uh so game; although the club won the Manchester Premier um okay um like you know well Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is ranked I mean you know um so well um 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 th in okay well I mean um like uh reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in um so okay I mean so well 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists I mean like you know okay okay you know in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became so like like okay like um apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular okay I mean um well like well beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among so so so okay well like surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a you know well you know so like like variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, before she I mean so um you know so well officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months old, forcing her like well um I mean you know so mother to move to California to find work, where Evans' well uh so you know you know uh mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason you know well like I mean uh okay and Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who like I mean well you know okay you know vowed never to speak to her father again and okay okay well like uh like didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy so like uh well well well is dependent on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry uh you know uh um well I mean in machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's I mean okay like I mean like uh annual income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in like um um I mean you know well international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first so you know I mean well you know uh of its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with um I mean you know uh um I mean the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a um okay okay I mean okay uh sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after so um uh so uh like Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office at well I mean well well I mean um Zanesville, and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam uh you know like you know like uh amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the um um I mean you know um um 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement and utilized uh you know well uh well okay the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to understand okay like I mean um um okay the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments and screen nonprofits well uh so uh okay like and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative so you know well so so okay metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an I mean um so so so I mean unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains you know okay like uh like well have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul (Sean well so like um okay like Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that she is you know like you know well uh um an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP Image well okay I mean I mean um like Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen uh I mean okay like okay um & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by I mean um like like like I mean a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline of the charter uh I mean like so well okay was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of um uh okay um well uh Myanmar from 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than like you know I mean I mean okay so Shwe's Cabinet, and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also uh um um well so well known as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological well um well you know I mean okay school in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to okay well um well like um Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - I mean so so okay um well Místek) is a former Czech football player, he is a like okay okay uh well well Holding midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but so you know I mean so so like the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition I mean okay okay uh well you know Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while that okay well so um uh well of the nobility and military establishment waned, even though so I mean like you know I mean like they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 so okay okay I mean like uh − 2 loss at C. D. Aves, he was sent okay well okay like like uh off in the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being okay you know I mean so um like again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the like you know um uh like um NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was you know uh uh well um um one of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being um so you know um like I mean later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and you know okay um well I mean I mean the prosecutors were building their case, a number of well uh I mean I mean well so key witnesses turned up dead and due to the okay so like uh uh so lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an you know you know um um okay uh American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs I mean well you know so okay like after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with um uh like um I mean okay his right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his left hand uh so like I mean um like scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly you know uh okay I mean uh uh 317 times per second, corresponding to a period of 3 so okay well so so um. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill you know so um I mean uh so demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, okay well okay okay um you know day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary - like so like so I mean um born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he was like well uh uh like um living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters like uh um so um like of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, um I mean uh well I mean so some believe were designed in the likeness of their purported creators um you know like okay uh um - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations well you know uh uh okay um could be solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he okay like uh well you know uh had failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room you know like well okay like like in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in you know you know um you know so okay hospital but he was discharged after recovering but died on 6 I mean um you know okay I mean uh June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to you know you know like you know like like the Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became so uh like like uh I mean the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up you know uh like okay like so in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color of his um you know uh well I mean okay first urethane wheels: while Powell was making them in uh so um okay okay like his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area to join well uh uh um okay well a wrestling tour in Japan and have another outstanding feud with well I mean you know well um well Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri okay well um like like well Rom in 1986 and apart from being well uh well so you know I mean a member of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the um well so um you know okay theorem also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large like I mean okay you know okay I mean finite models must have an infinite model; sometimes this you know okay okay okay like okay is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer like okay so I mean well so to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term is disliked okay so so you know I mean so by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, um okay okay you know well okay as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project well um okay okay you know you know of the World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse um like uh well like like of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when the okay like okay well uh well SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, like okay uh I mean okay um the SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the so like you know uh so like company is noted for its historic role in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, its like uh okay like okay I mean prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and industry innovations -- like like um okay okay well including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award I mean uh I mean I mean uh uh winning album 'A Meeting by the River' with you know okay well um like okay Ry Cooder, as well as other fusion and pan-cultural so uh well um uh like collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an so okay I mean um okay so eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and you know well you know you know so um actor, with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes uh I mean uh you know you know so of the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves you know like well so uh um around acting, so you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' so I mean like you know um I mean magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of so so um I mean well um this sector, the Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat uh I mean well like um okay the growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land to uh um uh okay I mean like the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of um you know you know okay so I mean Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the um so I mean well so okay two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; wild uh so so um okay okay and feral dogs can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H okay um like like you know well & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but like so well well well okay suffered an exit in the quarter - finals um you know like uh okay I mean against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt so okay I mean so um I mean him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body created um well well okay so like by the UK Government in response to the um well like well well um inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, uh like um like so well a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over uh like um like okay um as principal guide from the older Kate um you know I mean well I mean uh Middlemass in the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include a so okay I mean so um okay separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in okay so so like okay um the Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box office banking uh you know well um I mean uh on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has multiple well so you know like um you know albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is well so so you know um I mean not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd I mean so well like you know okay - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists of okay you know you know um um okay alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in Delhi okay um like like okay um for 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area like um so uh okay like of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing well you know okay um you know you know at North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, whilst shortly after I mean so um like uh well her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan um uh so so you know I mean Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, well okay well okay you know I mean and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of the so like so like um like German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by I mean well uh you know you know I mean the Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Sox well I mean I mean so so you know sold out every home game (794 regular season games, I mean so you know okay you know I mean 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold out uh uh um um I mean well its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because she was um I mean I mean you know so like a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, and well um um so so uh the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and you know well uh well okay so Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, well you know um like okay uh where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory uh like okay I mean I mean you know until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican well you know I mean um so well government's desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize um okay like well uh so Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard um well I mean well you know uh Country' (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; like I mean so you know like I mean then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has worked you know you know I mean uh okay I mean for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and um um you know like um I mean registered in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with okay so like you know I mean well shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited like so like I mean um so with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a like like so well like well 15 % of the shares however most of its holdings you know so well well um okay in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical study of okay so so I mean like okay gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and use um you know um like um okay of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, so um you know uh so well Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have um you know uh uh you know well changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of okay so like well okay uh a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the I mean uh well um I mean um interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle so you know um so like like muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, so so I mean so well um the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of satellites and um uh well like well so some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose central like like like uh you know like character is a recently - married male sitting on a okay okay so I mean um well bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary I mean well you know so I mean you know systems of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the uh um uh so well I mean granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in like well well so so like 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy okay so I mean you know so so Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era uh I mean like well um you know when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he you know you know okay okay like okay is an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; juvenile okay uh I mean you know like uh woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer so um uh okay uh well Randy Ragsdale, who had died in an auto accident okay so well you know okay you know near College Station, Texas on the way to see uh I mean I mean um so okay her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is um you know so you know you know so a Greek football player currently playing as a left okay well I mean I mean well like full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha de Vera uh like um okay okay okay Cruz went into disuse, for it was reckognised it was okay uh um uh okay like a continent, not an island anymore; and before the country was well well well I mean uh um administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series 3 um well you know um so well but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a well like like so well okay New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had a you know you know so well well um wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that well like so okay like well he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a okay so uh so um like Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, you know like uh you know well so Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the uh you know okay like I mean you know Ottoman era as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian well you know um uh you know so discrimination and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( also I mean well I mean um so I mean called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was well I mean well uh okay uh a meeting of several high - level al - Qaeda like like you know uh I mean you know members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time well I mean uh so well okay by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, so like well like you know you know parked his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname you know you know um like so like given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor I mean well you know uh uh um at the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as well uh uh I mean um um the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators so um well well uh you know in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the church I mean uh well I mean you know uh to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and okay so like um uh like price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, like well so okay I mean okay 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae like well um like okay okay singer from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records you know uh uh so um okay in 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the okay uh uh uh um well club, as all of the team's foreign player spots well like so you know okay well were used up; he was quickly loaned out um like well um you know you know to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, you know well I mean so you know like a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's so I mean uh you know I mean um Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New you know you know like okay like um Day,' Himes said that he was troubled by I mean okay okay uh well so several actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities uh you know so uh well uh because of heavy traffic, it used to be at okay I mean uh um I mean okay the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a okay uh you know so like uh heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies I mean like well well well well very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the entire route like uh you know okay like well north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Township well um okay I mean you know well Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he gives like I mean so okay I mean well some details and after some research, Julie learns that uh well well you know you know well Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & like so you know okay uh well Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow Lyde like so so you know you know okay & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership known as uh uh okay well like so Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not choose to I mean well like I mean uh like appear, and was deprived of his estates, although it seems um okay you know like I mean I mean that he was able to have a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants like so uh like so uh of siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam so so okay you know so okay and canned pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed first you know well you know okay you know like when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the uh so I mean so well okay U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres you know um I mean well okay okay Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in okay well uh you know well well 1815, the large collection was re-housed in okay okay you know I mean I mean I mean the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, uh uh uh okay like um Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead okay okay uh uh okay okay referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar well okay you know I mean I mean uh deadmau5 when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist you know so well like you know you know where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, so okay okay like uh uh 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other things, claimed I mean well you know I mean so like to have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar um I mean I mean like well so Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from uh uh well uh so you know critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's you know okay okay you know well I mean work, so he asks Peter to lock up the store for okay you know um I mean like like him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living in the okay I mean I mean well well so Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom you know um okay like um you know claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her and okay okay well you know uh like kept the cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka faced Divas okay okay well I mean like like Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, the match you know like I mean I mean you know well ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' are uh uh um I mean well uh unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: for uh um I mean okay you know so example, a vignette about a house belonging to okay I mean so uh okay I mean a collection of vignettes or a whole story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer or outside like okay so you know so uh lane, since the edge of the road nearer well so you know um uh okay to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the um you know you know like well so group, featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on most you know you know uh you know you know you know tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish well so okay well so I mean authorities, because if the population became mostly French, there could be so um I mean well so so problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided to like you know I mean uh well so install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he so like you know okay I mean um falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights and barriers okay uh okay so okay like at the entrances to notify drivers if the tunnel is you know like well okay well so closed, as well as radio coverage and a system you know um like like well um to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with okay um uh uh um I mean one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues and I mean so so uh okay so with six of their starting position players, three of their okay you know um I mean like um five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by um like uh like uh well a Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer so well like you know well okay than 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is like you know uh so so like one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the you know well okay you know so you know inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad um um so uh well okay Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the stage uh well well okay um I mean with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh uh I mean you know so I mean well has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is okay you know uh I mean so okay a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld uh you know like like like uh Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the well okay um so um uh University of London was born in 1913 in you know okay so I mean okay like Kha - ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, I mean like uh well um so as there were no locals elected as staff and because well uh so well I mean well the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to like I mean uh um you know um membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and okay well um like you know so finds Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, uh I mean you know um so like however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the so like well uh well um hallway, revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able like well okay um uh so to face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to the like you know well okay you know um Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given by you know you know um like I mean okay Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was named town like well like I mean you know I mean of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most uh uh well uh like like notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in the I mean uh uh um okay like United Kingdom means a person or organization whose business um well you know okay well uh is to market real estate on behalf of clients, but uh um I mean well you know you know there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no you know uh I mean well okay um actual exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach well well like I mean I mean so is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were major you know so so well you know like historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were uh um you know okay you know like strong states with strong kings who held an advanced well I mean you know you know like I mean legal and taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier well like well so um uh Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, okay like um um so okay 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the you know so so um well you know Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of uh well okay I mean I mean like the same name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the well so okay you know like I mean Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD is uh um okay so uh you know responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a retired like um I mean um well well male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle uh you know uh so uh well Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and like uh um okay I mean I mean the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started his like so so so um so spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Constantine uh so um you know well well built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, so uh like okay uh well i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire um so I mean okay you know uh was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side uh uh um so I mean well folded after relegation from the Northern Premier League, well well you know well so well however the club countined, fielding youth teams in the North uh uh you know um I mean like West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core of a um okay I mean uh so well bullet was also a transformative event in firearm history: from well so um so well I mean now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of like uh I mean so well well Weezer and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the okay like you know well okay like 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) like so you know uh you know well was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is so okay um uh so uh uncertian, the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' um you know you know like well um boy in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he well well uh uh I mean you know has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster like like um um um so at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a uh I mean well I mean well so Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree so I mean uh um well like (J. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws so I mean okay I mean okay okay (LL. M.) degree as well as joint degrees in Master of uh okay okay um well so Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A) I mean I mean okay well um so. And Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were like I mean like so uh uh offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of uh um well uh like um Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, I mean I mean um I mean uh so along with talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a I mean you know uh like okay well nice, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators well well um like um uh with octave divide - down to provide full I mean okay you know like you know um polyphony, while the built - in chorus effect utilizes okay I mean so like well uh bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills you know uh um so well um in the fifth round (115th selection overall) of uh you know well you know you know like the 1975 NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a okay okay like um like um Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center of like so uh uh well I mean a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location okay I mean well I mean um um and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored like so um you know okay uh the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released okay uh um uh I mean you know over forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team I mean well well you know um like based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', Michaels okay okay okay you know uh uh vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained to well okay I mean like you know like fans that he was informed by doctors that he had you know you know so you know um okay conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain I mean um okay I mean uh uh in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride well uh like so you know you know to meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by uh um like okay so okay Livetune feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the well I mean like um well like first eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although it I mean I mean like okay like I mean is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, uh so um I mean well uh but a six - part comic book series I mean like uh so like like 'from the minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the uh okay so okay um uh Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is okay like you know um like um an American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a I mean you know uh you know okay so cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages of the well well you know uh so um Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain um uh uh um like I mean was strengthened by the accession of an ally whose so um so well you know I mean one idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British um um so okay like I mean English, and the word 'measure' is more common in I mean uh uh like I mean well (an incomplete measure at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville um well like I mean you know I mean received her primary education at home, later studying art in well um well um um like Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and um okay well uh well like stood as a liberal candidate this was to okay so okay okay you know uh be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by the I mean so so well so uh author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in uh I mean like you know I mean okay the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma I mean uh you know um uh you know labs's servers and it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence okay uh so okay uh um to add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - so uh um I mean I mean uh The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono and produced by okay well you know I mean you know well G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD like okay well okay okay like 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 steaming through I mean you know okay so like uh the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Straits, then uh you know um um uh um hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called I mean uh you know like so okay the striking voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, um I mean well um you know I mean becoming a plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the um you know like uh uh okay abode of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named well um uh I mean well so Lynx, who gained control of the estate after usurping power you know okay well um okay you know from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had so okay like so um you know advocated for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, but like like well like okay okay due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, uh I mean you know okay like you know but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria began to like so uh you know okay so make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian comedy uh you know like you know okay like TV series that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 well okay like I mean I mean I mean to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; you know uh I mean you know well uh his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, you know like um I mean um so California on 6 June 1976, at the age of 85 and um I mean um uh you know you know was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's I mean well you know um okay you know re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, was okay um like like so um taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 well like you know well uh uh miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at the like so I mean um um okay planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the well okay so well um um 20th anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of you know you know I mean um uh okay the relevant country and are often as detailed in you know so well you know so so their design as banknotes - usually made from the so uh okay I mean okay okay same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, okay like I mean I mean uh like however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles uh I mean um um I mean well Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his observations um you know um um um I mean of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs okay um you know you know you know you know with friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda okay okay you know like I mean um and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in I mean so you know uh you know um Ventura, California) played his college career at Ventura College you know well so so uh uh for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, uh uh um like um I mean 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional revolutionary so um you know I mean I mean um who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such like I mean uh um uh I mean as those of a Reader (grade F) and uh uh uh so um well an associate professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre well okay like so I mean uh for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is okay okay um okay well uh a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was well okay so you know so uh incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo you know well well I mean well you know at right) was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa um um well um so like track was moved from the west to the east um like like uh you know uh of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the United States well you know um I mean I mean um and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is you know I mean well you know uh so a public use airport located one nautical mile (1. 85 okay like I mean uh you know you know km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and okay so like well well so Honduras and maintains more than four million square feet of inventory um I mean uh so like um nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- like I mean um okay like so founding a small farm -- and initiated a youth addiction and you know I mean like so well okay mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six you know so um I mean uh like months behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being so um so okay you know um completed in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of you know like you know um like uh Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, I mean so um well um uh 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary um okay so I mean um I mean mathematical tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the transformation well so so okay you know uh from one system into another -- it was Poincaré okay I mean I mean well you know okay in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it well so you know uh um you know is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik you know so uh so um uh at ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where um I mean okay okay like I mean he succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls I mean you know you know well you know you know and paste with mud for their thatched huts in villages, uh you know you know okay you know so but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of well well well like you know uh 'Mythologiques' in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in okay uh so well like like Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of um well okay like well okay his career, he fell on hard times towards the like so so I mean okay you know end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) like um I mean well okay like is an incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Heck like so so I mean uh you know and is a powerful mystic, born over five hundred years um okay um I mean uh uh ago in the mystic city of Kamar - Taj, okay you know well like like well a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is like um um uh like well a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy you know so um um okay I mean and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking so I mean okay well okay um the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and I mean okay I mean I mean well okay a member of the Swedish parliament as a member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by the so okay well I mean so well Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and forty - I mean well I mean okay you know um fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle without playing well um well I mean uh okay an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called so I mean so I mean uh I mean up by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be so you know like so so so part of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; you know okay well uh so you know he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as I mean uh so like uh you know a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in the like so okay okay um okay accident, that her significant other was never found, and so so um you know uh I mean that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in the I mean you know um so like okay entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the like um uh uh well well Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly like you know okay like well you know swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev. The well uh like well you know well members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik okay okay I mean so okay you know (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such so okay well you know I mean well bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such like so well well okay so producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association I mean you know okay I mean um I mean program in Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure program is okay uh like okay well so also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in Parke I mean well you know okay like uh County, Indiana and is a single span Burr so like okay um uh uh Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to so you know like uh you know okay look similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality I mean well so well so well and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to run um I mean well so um like through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local residents, well well well you know uh um all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled in uh so I mean well um I mean 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from like um I mean so you know I mean 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable so like like um I mean uh glass wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set I mean so um uh like well up a private medical school in London with so you know you know okay like um Sa'udi Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that um so uh uh um well name of the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company I mean I mean well um okay um with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July 10, uh so so um um I mean 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in New you know you know I mean well well well York City on December 13, 2016 and uh so uh uh okay um had a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general like okay okay okay so I mean election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' well I mean so uh um you know and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and you know so like um uh I mean educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, you know well you know I mean uh like Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in um okay uh so you know you know Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created well uh um so like like to guard the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish uh okay well you know so um - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and okay well um um like so associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, I mean I mean like uh you know okay Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, okay uh okay like so you know Madhak, Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge um like like well okay so of the Ruhr area, 15 km south of Dortmund, like I mean like um you know okay where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August like I mean uh um um so 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but so like well you know I mean well their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a restricted free um uh uh uh well uh agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved like okay well um like well to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students of Caulfield um uh I mean like I mean well Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar School well so I mean okay you know like (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County um okay like uh uh so School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a garment of so so okay like like okay smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were taken well uh so I mean I mean okay down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and you know well um uh um well was held in the Round House until he was um um um okay I mean um hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to well I mean well I mean well so 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as one so uh so um like well of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education and the leading ecumenical centre you know so like you know um I mean for theological education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second I mean I mean you know so uh well album featured the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', so like so so so okay which although never a single for Kersh himself, later um like I mean like um like became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students you know like so you know like well for the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit a I mean so you know like well like wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed I mean okay um okay uh um on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football well so you know I mean okay uh defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person like you know so um well like shooter, similar to many other sci - fi um I mean like okay um uh shooters, and could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 like okay okay I mean uh so and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA Championship as um okay well uh well um a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will like um okay like okay I mean end automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs you know like okay I mean um you know and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and uh I mean um um okay so on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from like um so well okay I mean the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa you know uh you know well well uh Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of you know I mean uh I mean uh um Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming okay you know I mean uh uh well to raise awareness of the steaks available in the you know um uh um uh you know UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or okay um I mean I mean okay like 17th century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of you know you know like I mean like like Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and okay so um you know uh um consumed on a large scale in some areas of China, uh okay you know you know you know um frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare and so um well okay you know you know are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered um well I mean so so okay at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids some like I mean okay um well I mean of with are the Rapides de Cap - Saint - like so okay um um um Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin you know so so you know so uh - turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at the you know okay so like you know okay Mallala Raceway, with Richards moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited well I mean okay I mean um like structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: like you know like well um I mean on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 okay you know like you know so um was shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, you know I mean well well you know I mean such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely like okay so so you know like de-glamorous' role, because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to um um I mean okay uh um her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for so I mean um um uh okay playing in the international 7s league and playing for the you know well well well um you know American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern uh well uh like I mean um South Arabian language, a branch of the greater Semitic I mean so well well like you know language family, and is spoken by minority populations in well um like so like I mean isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game okay I mean um um I mean I mean in the nation which features a match - up between uh well um so um well the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the first okay like you know you know okay I mean time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the nascent Canadian so okay I mean so well you know Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed I mean like well well like you know in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning um uh uh so so um of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 like well um so okay um % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a like so you know well well um $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, well um I mean you know well I mean and some services are combined with those of Cornwall, so um well uh I mean okay however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, so okay I mean like well I mean and it was discovered that this stemmed from an uh like you know um I mean well allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome I mean um well you know well I mean where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by well uh um I mean so so the death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched well I mean um I mean like okay ferocity in battle, this lust however well so okay like um I mean can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character so well uh you know uh um from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received uh well so so okay like an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city is so you know like okay like so $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the uh so um like okay okay technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting to the uh okay well I mean I mean um sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; Mary okay well like okay I mean well was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one like like so so like like being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly okay well okay you know so well in Italy, Germany, and the United States, though they are uh you know so like well you know also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges uh um like you know like you know and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal well so um uh uh you know with Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase uh so like well um uh of her life, she became one of Venice's resident celebrities, quick I mean I mean so you know okay well witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial okay so um you know uh okay reasons before construction began, and the line was like okay um like like so planned instead to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing uh you know like well okay um Mangal's continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola so uh okay so okay like constitute the main centre of population of the Donegal Gaeltacht and so so you know um I mean like with a population of just over 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance I mean I mean well well well okay between Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System um you know okay okay um uh. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in like so so so um like the late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism who so so well you know um so believed that the transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee um you know like so um uh for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag like like okay um um I mean Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan uh well well um so you know Army's famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route 108/PA Route uh so I mean okay I mean uh 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway is meant okay I mean you know um well um to connect directly the communities in the north and well I mean so you know um well northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel like I mean like uh I mean okay Huntington, to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected its second well you know okay I mean I mean I mean president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in like well uh so I mean okay a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks with I mean uh uh so like well trains to the city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in well I mean okay so I mean so wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running okay um uh you know um I mean an independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells um okay well um I mean I mean ethical t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough like so so uh okay um of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 like uh like well so you know when a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the well I mean okay well um you know age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part in um okay well uh I mean okay his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an like uh well like I mean uh American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the like I mean okay um you know you know Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 Has like well well I mean well like The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during well you know well um well I mean inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing so like so um okay so bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier Bagnoud' well uh you know so uh well ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film okay you know well I mean okay like critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, so I mean like so so um the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman and uh so so well you know well so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where so like like I mean well um she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the okay you know uh you know uh like board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the I mean well well uh um uh prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February okay you know you know okay uh uh 1809), son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter I mean okay so okay okay um was a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was well um I mean I mean well okay last seen and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde I mean I mean like uh uh like was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to uh uh uh um okay I mean vote during the whole week and the winner was decided only uh so like you know uh uh by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force consisted like so okay you know so so of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop so you know I mean you know uh so carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the uh um like um okay uh development of the textile industry and created a new type well so like okay well I mean of deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with rose water, well so so okay I mean like but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners uh uh uh so I mean um up in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to I mean uh you know I mean I mean you know Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later well uh like uh uh uh moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and I mean I mean so I mean well uh melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for so I mean you know um uh um the United States to study communications and political science at okay you know I mean okay well you know Drexel University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern I mean well so like uh like Connecticut State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what I mean like um uh well uh they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court well like okay um um like policies, and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in uh like you know I mean um uh a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural um you know I mean well I mean um forces, Holden rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden well well I mean well I mean you know meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he turned so so so uh like like to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and finished 8th so so uh I mean like you know out of the 25 competing countries, giving Ireland its best um um like um okay okay result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother and like you know um uh well um López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the like I mean I mean well okay so mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in North so um okay well uh I mean America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves on March you know you know um well um like 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on the um I mean well I mean you know like application of the Bill of Rights well well um okay um uh to an infringing statute, the general opinion was that okay so uh I mean well okay the Bill of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his okay um like like um uh brother, the latter was apprised of the um well you know okay I mean like same by their common mother Kunti and hence even uh so okay uh well I mean though he was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) like like okay I mean you know like kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute so like so I mean uh I mean from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that I mean well you know uh uh well includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he so well I mean I mean you know okay knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old like uh you know well well I mean as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an English you know so like uh okay okay former professional footballer who was most recently the caretaker uh uh uh okay you know like manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck so uh you know um uh okay its vertical stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released um well I mean like okay um a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, well okay I mean well so well which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid well you know okay so uh so to keep the billboard up for over uh okay like okay so I mean four years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between well um I mean like like so 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in 1950 uh well like you know like I mean and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and all of um like okay um well you know the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor uh uh I mean um you know um - in - chief at The Daily Wire, an editor okay okay well so okay you know - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is you know like um well so like a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - Zambia) uh like so I mean um well and also a final year student at the University of okay okay I mean like okay um Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of um so like uh you know um her energies on music production, but she is also well uh well I mean like you know playing a weekly residency gig as a member of uh you know okay like well I mean Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced um like you know like uh like by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from um you know well okay so uh Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is well okay okay uh well okay a highly - selective liberal arts college and I mean um um well well so one of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, you know you know you know you know uh so situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European well um you know uh so um Championships -- helping the national team finish second at so so uh well um like Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more uh so uh I mean um so than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England well uh okay I mean I mean I mean with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, um like okay you know okay I mean establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is uh I mean um so like you know a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has you know I mean I mean well uh so been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO well you know okay you know well you know and NZSSSO), and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the you know I mean um well well uh founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the uh well uh uh uh I mean humid subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such you know well like I mean uh well as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar you know um um um like so Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as okay well I mean uh you know um the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in I mean okay you know you know like so 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags behind well so um like uh like that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs. 82 % in like so uh okay so well 2005), and several of the larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 like uh okay uh I mean okay and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation of so you know you know you know like well the sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an okay I mean well so um like American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance I mean okay you know uh okay I mean in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station you know well I mean uh uh well security forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic um uh like you know um so stage performance with live singing and acting, were written and staged um I mean okay okay okay okay in Goa, since the time it evolved during the twenteeth uh um I mean so you know you know century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - uh well like uh I mean you know girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew so I mean well okay well so up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was like um okay well okay you know finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals like well I mean um you know so Sunderland for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, though well well uh you know uh um he was frequently called on to take part in murders; I mean um okay I mean like like indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was especially uh you know you know so well so influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when it encountered well okay like well like so Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of luxury like so I mean so uh okay forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for so like um you know uh so deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and I mean so well um um well small roof application because of its hot air weldability you know okay so well um like. This means if you have copied this then you okay so like well you know um have a small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed well so um uh well I mean his fate as being pushed out of office, and like um I mean so so um there has been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action setpieces are okay like um okay so okay influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, plus like um okay well um um an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and has you know uh well so I mean well a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation um you know so I mean you know you know including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among the uh um so you know you know so passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in you know so uh so so okay Korea and Jang received her big break with her well I mean well so well okay cute image and so as the other young uh uh um okay you know well stars in the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and well um I mean uh so so opens up a new area of international production, which well um I mean so okay well at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial investment um uh you know like um uh wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee and you know so so so you know like is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the north and so okay okay okay well okay the Mississippi state line on the south, with um like um you know like uh the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury well well okay so you know well following an incident with a BB gun; he would like so I mean I mean well like later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the um uh um okay so well European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants well like well so you know okay of the Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked uh like okay I mean so well in several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 I mean you know okay I mean um um in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, uh well I mean so you know like Twickenham, England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History at uh I mean I mean you know I mean uh the University of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's disease, and well like you know like like uh died three years later of complications from the disease in well like I mean so I mean like a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one you know I mean you know okay like I mean of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai I mean okay um you know okay okay in Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, like um okay I mean you know okay 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical so so well um like so Park Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 um um you know okay you know okay when all home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic you know like like you know well okay video signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for example like like well okay you know well sending the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to Bello, uh okay uh you know you know like Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, you know well like you know well well but Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was so I mean uh okay uh you know previously President of AEG - TV and okay uh I mean you know I mean you know Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, you know you know well so well so a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management like well like so well I mean of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 well okay you know like um okay it joined University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and in 1885 okay um well uh well so he painted three canvases depicting the local fishermen, 'The Fog so uh um well uh uh Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an English I mean um I mean like I mean well footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic um well I mean um you know you know nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional like okay you know okay I mean so patriotism is a common project shared amongst all citizens like well you know um okay you know which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing uh uh well um like okay interest from communities and organizations throughout the country, and uh you know like so okay well in 1994 a group of community leaders gathered you know um I mean uh uh like at Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the okay like you know you know uh um realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first you know okay I mean so well well demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, 2013 like so so okay uh well and did the tenth birthday of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and November, students you know well well so uh okay are informed of their results in the following March, like uh so I mean um so and those who receive offers decide by the so um so um uh uh middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best known okay like so um you know um for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular Detective so um I mean okay like I mean - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found you know um okay so I mean I mean at beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris um I mean you know um well okay humanoid race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the state so okay okay I mean well um - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus okay uh like you know you know well is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with like well okay so okay you know Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat okay I mean I mean so uh uh as a peer (twenty - five being the necessary age), but like uh so like okay okay he retained other rights, and this, combined with his okay you know um like you know so literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the you know so well okay you know like existing schools in its public education system, most of I mean you know like like I mean like which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and like um I mean you know so uh has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland before his vessel capsized um like well um you know uh in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was uh um like um you know um collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the Arctic okay you know so well so like Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which was voted I mean you know like um like um for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer like I mean uh um uh uh programmer before becoming internationally known for his work with like um like okay well uh WikiLeaks and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his bag I mean uh like well uh um down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals in uh okay um um uh so an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and like um so uh I mean um a green shirt that has her symbol on it and exposes like okay okay okay I mean uh her lower belly and navel, with her hair back like like um okay like like. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting with so so like so so I mean each other and their environment, as well two uh okay um uh so well pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of okay like you know so like you know the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against well um like uh you know like the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated like I mean okay so so like Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large um so like okay you know so - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later you know you know okay so you know uh after appearing in a television series as the extramarital so well I mean uh so uh interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center I mean so uh uh you know so with research focusing on communications between cells and so so well uh so like the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained by Dantak, a so like so like like uh unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering division of Indian Army uh okay like okay um so and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without the um I mean uh I mean uh I mean complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to uh so so so so okay the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also uh so so I mean you know um has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh uh I mean I mean I mean you know okay street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for services but I mean uh like I mean I mean I mean is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open I mean I mean well like okay okay air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart like uh uh uh um I mean to Tōdai - ji and it is the main temple of the you know okay okay I mean um uh Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records for uh uh you know so um okay season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she also achieved the well like okay I mean okay well second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in well like well well um okay a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be okay well I mean I mean uh so completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that like um well you know like um he recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' okay um so like well so Baby Your'e a Rich Man' from the 1991 album you know okay okay um I mean well Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, well uh okay so I mean well Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without you know like um like so so aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or I mean you know like I mean okay okay rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which so uh so okay uh I mean is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were like okay well uh you know um deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college common uh so um like like so room; he leads his friends and the students restore okay uh uh uh like like electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served you know okay you know like uh you know in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach okay uh you know uh you know okay the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to okay uh um well so I mean his position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the I mean like I mean so um um Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and frees you know well uh um you know like all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive okay um uh I mean I mean you know functional groups and two functional groups in which the reaction um like I mean like like you know occurs between building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the nurse so I mean so like uh um who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore so uh so well like like of Oahu in Hawaii and known for big wave surfing you know well okay okay um like during the winter season and home to the okay uh so so well um Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World um um I mean like like I mean Cup of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was I mean uh um I mean um uh featured in the debut episode of the television series, is I mean like so um okay uh featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for um I mean well well I mean so individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar bill, like um like I mean like I mean he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight okay like so like you know I mean Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in um so um I mean like like four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from okay like well I mean so I mean 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared I mean uh like um well uh his Law examination. At the age of twenty one okay okay well uh so like years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi like um well uh um um fashion designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on um well um you know so you know a large scale, which can be both good and bad, well um uh uh um uh because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia has one okay so I mean um okay um of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' um okay uh um well I mean ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten I mean I mean um you know like like raw as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 um like uh okay well okay check to repay the company, forcing Smithers to okay um okay like okay well fire him instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last well so I mean so you know I mean name with probably less than 300 families around the globe. The you know like um um well like bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as well um uh I mean like okay Regent, and installed a puppet regime led okay I mean um so I mean well by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was uh well uh um like I mean sent up shortly after the accident to search for the like I mean well okay uh okay wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, and um uh well I mean I mean okay many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue uh um so so so um eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed okay like so um I mean okay his father, Panis Rahl because he had found out that his you know okay okay like you know okay father was going to kill him because of his evilness you know okay okay you know well okay but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within uh uh okay well I mean well the Solar System, including the solar wind, like I mean so okay okay like and especially the space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the well uh like um I mean uh near - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris uh I mean I mean okay okay so in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk craving like you know I mean you know well like and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di Udine', um I mean I mean so so I mean Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD like um um I mean uh uh ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by I mean like like you know you know well Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby okay I mean so I mean uh um Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to well you know okay uh you know so Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 okay like like like well like spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the okay like so I mean uh okay Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated at elevation um uh well uh okay well 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area that I mean okay like uh you know well served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a well so well you know like so teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp uh um um okay um so Bleaching Conference in Halifax Canada and has received many you know I mean so uh uh okay other pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast so I mean well okay so you know as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance you know you know like okay um like to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the um you know you know so you know like Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of well like um you know um okay US counties with a county police department called the um like well well so I mean Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga uh I mean okay well uh like and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a uh okay you know you know okay so French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known as um uh I mean uh um um England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from like um you know um well well this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and Jim Gordon, okay um you know so well you know originally released by their blues rock band Derek and the like uh you know um like so Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - well uh uh you know so so 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring well well um um um well 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather similar in like like you know well so I mean structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII I mean I mean so uh well like encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father well so I mean I mean uh you know died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, the uh like like like so so widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering a like so um okay I mean so varied array of female forms and expressing many different emotions um well uh um well uh. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, so like okay you know um well and won by The United States, though it like so okay like um uh and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of the well uh you know um you know so Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it does so you know you know like okay okay this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on I mean I mean so like you know so stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who okay um uh like like well prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming a uh well you know so I mean okay successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form of so okay uh you know okay uh alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter the I mean well like so uh uh track and require quick reactions to get on the right well um so uh okay um course, while Simulation racing games might include tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, uh uh well so you know well although the Code was not established until 1685, the okay okay okay like like so Code Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co uh uh uh uh well well. He was a founder in 1831 of the Bank so so um I mean you know I mean of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, you know um well like uh you know PhD, EdD (maiden; born 1933) is an American civic like I mean you know like okay uh leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, you know uh um so so uh 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also composes you know um um well uh like for anime, he is mostly known in the west okay okay okay um uh um for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been drinking well well okay well okay okay prior to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson I mean uh um like okay I mean Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the I mean well uh like well uh actions taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser is the highest okay uh uh uh well okay peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in 1974; well uh uh okay I mean um construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting so so I mean I mean like like members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in you know well uh okay well well the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to uh well so I mean like um the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken I mean um um well like okay at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior like um you know uh well um College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 you know uh well um uh well and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head okay well well so you know so coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France so okay uh um um I mean and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy I mean um like you know you know okay France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head okay you know um so you know you know of the 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared so you know uh so um okay martial law, organized a local vigilante group, and decreed well well you know so well like that blacks within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his you know okay okay I mean you know well career at League Two club Bradford City, and has okay well well uh well um also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of uh okay I mean so well you know snack shops in South Wales and is a keen singer well so um I mean okay okay / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke um you know so like uh um contest at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage um so I mean um so like of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of the um I mean you know um uh I mean earliest mariners, and the boldness of men in overcoming so okay well so so I mean difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of um so I mean well um so social debate at the time, leading the New Left to uh uh okay um um um use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions um well um like well well as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the only so like well um you know um Australian racing driver to win Australia's two most prestigious races, the you know uh well like like so Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently used well well well okay I mean you know constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was well like you know you know uh well a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political so well you know uh I mean well articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after like I mean you know like like like a previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had so uh I mean um um you know failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre uh you know like um uh so de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained his well um okay you know uh well first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch I mean um you know so well like region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is like um okay okay uh um a complex consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball um so so you know you know like stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by so well you know I mean I mean you know issuing a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those uh so okay so okay well who have come out, still praising them for their bravery, instead okay okay I mean so um I mean he acknowledges how coming out may not always be safe well you know you know you know I mean so for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, okay I mean um uh uh okay though they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded like okay like like I mean um Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese okay like so uh so like imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital uh okay well well okay uh in the late 8th century until the rise of the Shogunate I mean so well like uh so in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained you know uh okay so um so singers, and the use of spectacle as a replacement so well um okay um uh for dramatic purity and love on the um um you know okay so like Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, I mean like well I mean so you know where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about him uh you know I mean I mean like uh constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls well well uh like okay you know and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local okay like so uh I mean I mean habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, to um like um so I mean okay Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office uh so um you know well like but with a change in routine - instead of ignoring well okay um um okay well the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and well uh like I mean I mean well ski jumping, and after the Olympics will well um so well uh so remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely I mean okay uh so so you know pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split by rivalry, I mean uh uh so I mean so and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved well I mean I mean I mean uh so on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working like I mean like like like like in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo Batoni so I mean like so you know you know and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, and well like you know you know so uh is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as it uh you know okay uh uh so adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of um uh like okay okay you know 'F - O - R - D' lettering on the uh you know uh so uh so hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's um you know you know well I mean you know Strangers, Jones worked with many musicians who were great talents you know you know uh I mean like well in their own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany uh so you know so okay I mean Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject um uh I mean okay okay um matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention um so I mean so so okay (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of uh uh I mean um okay like business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor like um uh okay well uh and comedian, who has been credited in many movies um I mean so well I mean you know and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the United um like um so um you know States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay uh like uh um uh so by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet I mean well I mean like um I mean wounds, yet still managed to give the order to submerge, well okay well okay you know um in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, you know you know uh okay well um however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and you know okay um you know I mean uh Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, and well like um um well you know Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, you know like um um I mean uh heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer you know um well um so you know Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington I mean uh uh uh so um claimed Elioak as home while they served in World War you know like so um okay you know I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a okay like you know so okay okay Lucas probable prime, so it is either prime or it well well I mean so um like is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of the uh I mean so you know um uh bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 okay uh well okay uh um was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and I mean uh um I mean okay you know Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt like like I mean well uh so for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford so okay um well well okay Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata uh um like you know so okay Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to mean so well um like like so 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer um I mean well well um okay south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, um you know I mean so well like Washington, in May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first well I mean like like well um - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, he uh um well well like I mean reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros you know okay um like I mean um Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who like you know um you know I mean okay competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health so I mean I mean so I mean um care providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do not um um okay so so um is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension I mean okay like uh so so bridge designs, in particular, the design of the um uh okay uh so I mean Brooklyn Bridge, which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; um um like well okay so this method of writing has is no longer used um well so well you know okay in modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated so like uh you know okay uh catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a uh like um uh okay um message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo okay like well well uh you know to the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for so uh uh okay I mean um Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the central uh well you know like uh uh government was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie McAlpine) you know I mean I mean okay okay well boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, okay okay uh you know like like she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all um well you know well uh like trains use the Up and Down main lines, like you know well I mean like you know the Down loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his uh like uh like uh uh allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment um so okay um I mean okay of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in 1793, like like so well I mean okay but his plant material remained with him for the so I mean uh so well so duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes uh I mean okay I mean well okay his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois you know like so um uh like take him to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is okay well um uh so uh an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with okay so well like I mean so Arabic slogans outside of national broadcasting company NRK's like I mean well like uh I mean facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the so I mean um uh well well gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who uh I mean like you know well uh wish to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to uh um uh you know um um come as his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because I mean you know um you know I mean okay Fox had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for like I mean well so you know like pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for um so so uh I mean okay iPad, iPhone and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells well uh uh you know um so the story of the making of Bandolier in I mean I mean well uh like you know the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use um you know like uh so I mean and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet you know I mean uh um like I mean the defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability I mean well um well you know um of both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established in 1920, okay like okay like okay um it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro you know so okay um okay uh League since its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct uh okay you know uh like um entry to the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now um um so so like well had to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and you know well okay um like um short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is like um you know um uh well a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more prone uh um okay you know you know I mean to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, so um um uh like you know although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence um like okay well um well across Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, with social - first um like um uh well okay campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me I mean like like I mean uh uh Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship like like you know I mean well well at Wentworth by one stroke he carded a -6 66 so I mean so um well okay final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, uh um I mean uh uh so University of Sydney; living very simply and it has been okay well um you know like like recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the okay um you know you know I mean okay Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to refer uh so um you know like I mean to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international okay like so I mean I mean I mean law and also the name of a number like okay so like you know so of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by local so you know I mean so uh you know journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then so you know um so uh you know owned by the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated so so like well you know uh with the American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who you know you know okay so like uh appeared up on the TitanTron and told Batista that if you know well like like like well he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, uh okay well like so I mean the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film uh I mean so well okay okay director in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in uh um well well like so 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an ethnic so you know okay well uh okay cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba okay okay I mean um uh uh Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second restoration well I mean um um um uh following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, but I mean like so well well you know he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, you know um I mean you know you know okay it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' okay okay I mean okay so you know and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed by so uh you know you know okay so approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' I mean uh um I mean I mean like (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in 1912, when you know um like like like uh three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town of Vorden, California and uh you know I mean well um like one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her no good uh uh so well like uh for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will find her; well I mean I mean okay so um it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development you know I mean like like um so of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups tend uh um okay so like like to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the you know you know um I mean uh you know GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of the merger you know well well well okay like that created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath I mean well I mean um you know um High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The you know you know okay like um I mean White Swan - as well as a post uh okay like so um uh office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years well I mean like you know um so of construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies a you know I mean okay I mean well well footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy uh you know you know so like uh to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' uh um like I mean I mean um lands on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer you know well okay um uh so Kane, and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban you know I mean like you know uh uh master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities like so like you know okay well such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the I mean uh uh like well okay installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L well um okay you know you know well. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and I mean uh um you know well I mean subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the 1980's uh so well I mean you know um in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in Kenya where so so like well uh uh an entire tribe in the village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like uh so you know uh okay well who he who saught to stop he lowers so okay uh you know I mean uh his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many maintain um um well um so well that it was a device created out of tradition and like I mean okay I mean you know um need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and like like um well well so lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son of so okay so I mean I mean um Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a beehive of like so so um uh I mean activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany so uh you know uh um so ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, I mean well well I mean okay um 1990 in Amsterdam ) was a German sociologist whose work so you know you know okay like uh focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary you know well um so so okay street circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle like well uh so like um racing runs around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, okay uh uh so like uh right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts like well you know okay um uh in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as I mean uh so well okay you know the Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small like okay uh you know well like pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is um so I mean like so you know easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of like like you know um well so Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very well you know um well like so unusual and unique feature, a stream running along either um I mean okay I mean well uh side of Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was you know uh so I mean you know um 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing well okay so um um um a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the like um um uh okay so album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her you know well like uh um I mean parents, older brother and younger sister to Los so well well okay um so Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates back I mean I mean uh so so you know to 1831 and is believed to have originated because um um like well um well the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, led by so you know well um you know okay an officer, would roam the streets looking for likely 'volunteers', uh uh uh like so um merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service like um like so um okay from the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms you know I mean uh like like you know of passenger rail operations, with the last regular train you know okay um um uh like they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views of uh I mean okay well you know okay British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly um uh um well you know um a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of um I mean I mean like uh like Military Railways and in that capacity had charge um like I mean um like I mean of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as um well well like I mean well a god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia I mean I mean uh okay well okay revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional okay I mean I mean I mean so uh arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and so uh so so uh uh influential activists as well as by the artistic and political sphere, um um well so so okay and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated to create uh you know you know well so like a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval so uh um I mean uh you know Review of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of the Silver I mean so um um okay uh Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 she was um well okay well uh like stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in okay like I mean you know okay well Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, you know uh like uh okay so a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion I mean um like like like so RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald like you know like like um well Trump, she called protectionism and autarky far superior I mean well um I mean well so compared to free trade and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until her like okay so well well like departure from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before I mean I mean okay um okay um the programme is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the like okay okay I mean so so most generous afforded by the United States to a Native okay uh so like I mean um group, and point out that some of the largest and okay well uh uh well okay most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel so um uh you know like okay in its Historic Hotels of America program and the American you know you know uh I mean um like Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device like um you know I mean I mean uh and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published so uh I mean so okay okay she was known to be present at her husband's investment you know uh so uh you know like ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have been called uh uh I mean so well um 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's I mean like um like well like 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed you know uh um um uh uh that at least the 14 men mentioned in the so so like okay okay uh parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with so you know so uh okay you know shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports operated um well like um I mean you know by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being um you know well you know you know uh T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, Westerly uh um you know you know um uh State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to escape using well well uh like well um a different DST, placed in a remote location, much of okay okay okay well you know I mean the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - so um uh you know um um Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many okay okay like um uh um commercials with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the uh like um um you know okay image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - Ti's you know so you know uh like um power is considered by some to be the most like okay well you know you know you know important, for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them um like um so well so to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', well um uh uh so uh is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in I mean okay uh so so so the 59th minute of their match against England in um I mean I mean so like um the group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population so well like you know okay you know decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach uh well like so you know so its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles I mean uh well okay uh uh (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted a I mean uh um so so okay 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, like like okay so okay you know 200 metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to like um okay you know you know okay 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the you know you know you know well you know okay Narew River that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano I mean so you know like okay so singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), the Sydney's um um like okay okay I mean Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New like you know so I mean I mean like Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, foundered uh well like I mean I mean like and was revived numerous times during the 1970s um I mean you know uh okay well and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented I mean like uh you know I mean so in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value may I mean so uh well like uh be replaced with a single empty group using two I mean uh you know well like uh consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution may well I mean like you know I mean like only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated so uh like uh well okay at the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately you know um um like I mean so halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers so so uh uh um so from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, okay well like okay um so as commander of division of dragoons, he participated in um well you know like um you know the Battle of Elchingen and later the Battle of well um well I mean um uh Ulm, and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at Mackay Stadium like like you know so so uh in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf Pack I mean well um um like so winning 30 - 28, however the teams did not um uh okay like uh you know compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando okay um I mean um uh well Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that as dust on like uh I mean well you know like Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / okay you know okay well uh uh Singer Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has so like you know okay uh um seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at the um I mean I mean you know so so Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey I mean I mean I mean I mean so okay to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both I mean I mean uh um well so of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and okay so like um uh um research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union so um okay like you know okay (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst the okay so so well uh well Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed well like I mean you know so okay for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine fish native uh like you know uh um um to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, in you know okay so so okay uh aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s um um like you know uh you know by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling um like like well uh okay agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - I mean okay okay uh you know you know running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to the I mean well um so so um prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), also I mean okay well well okay uh known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with you know so well um um so assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the so you know well okay um I mean Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel in okay uh I mean okay so well the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source of I mean so I mean okay um so Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after the death I mean I mean okay I mean so okay of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 you know you know uh okay you know um to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a special um I mean okay like I mean like - purpose map made to show geological the um okay um okay well you know strata are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he worked uh well well so you know you know on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived I mean okay uh you know well uh more or less separate lives, and the couple separated completely so so like uh like you know after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned like like you know well you know well to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U I mean uh well I mean okay okay. S. Household finances; by the end of so okay uh you know um like 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several public collections, among well uh like um um you know them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County Community College like you know well uh like so Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are I mean you know so so well um at al - Kum designated by the I mean okay um um you know like Ministry of Health as level 1, close by um uh you know like like okay is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, so uh so you know I mean so he was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - known um like uh you know like okay was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account of a okay uh um I mean okay well totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, cited by um so well um I mean okay Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the so you know well uh I mean you know European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours like like okay I mean um uh of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, uh you know like so okay okay he learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests focus I mean so like well okay um on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1976, you know okay you know I mean uh uh and prior to his election as Speaker served I mean like so um like okay in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as you know like well uh um I mean chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian basketball uh so I mean you know um okay coach that currently serves as head coach of CSKA Moscow in uh like like I mean um so Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and um so well I mean uh I mean initially serving in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan um like okay okay I mean so Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its degree like I mean well okay so okay of tameness in comparison) and was competing for the same so um like like um well territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about you know I mean you know uh you know like 42, 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop band 'Mabel', I mean I mean you know you know well um who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, like like so okay uh I mean and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct the you know like okay um I mean okay colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the Cocteau okay so uh so uh well Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's music and okay like uh uh you know you know as a result they worked together on the I mean um um I mean well you know music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of I mean um you know like well like those will be home games, they will also be I mean I mean you know you know I mean um hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, uh okay well I mean like well Andre Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that took I mean well like um you know I mean Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical um I mean um you know so um physicist and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute like um um um so well for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year I mean like I mean like you know you know later, in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos on like you know um well you know uh 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the song uh I mean um like um I mean when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the um um um well uh uh pipe to which the washer is connected than that source uh uh so okay so I mean can provide: the water supply must be adequate for the okay well like okay okay I mean machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for like well um okay I mean I mean twelve years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA so um like so okay you know in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it was so okay like like I mean I mean during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such um uh so um um like as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands in contrast uh um um um uh um to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from um well um so um I mean the basilar artery at the level of the junction between I mean like um like you know um the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals well um okay so so so to produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd and I mean okay I mean you know uh so opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, and you know well well I mean you know I mean in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of you know like like um um so the Indian classical music family', with its roots as uh um so okay I mean okay a folk instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late so okay okay well uh um rapper Eazy - E, from his album of okay okay uh uh uh you know the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that uh uh um uh well so was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) is uh I mean like so like you know a name that the Greeks of the Euxine Sea I mean I mean uh like uh so applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the okay like well you know uh so 1960's as a means to pool resources and share facilities, I mean so so so you know so instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) okay uh okay okay well okay was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every year like so well okay you know well to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of you know I mean well so I mean okay commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story so like um I mean so uh 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies uh well uh okay like um cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; you know um okay well I mean I mean he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third like okay uh so so so trial to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, well I mean I mean so so like the name was not retired and was re-used during so you know I mean well um so the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part okay well you know you know um I mean in the landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the like you know you know well um I mean Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below like you know so I mean um uh while polling of individual constituencies and groups of them (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading you know so so well um like the league with a. 328 average, but a 3 - for I mean so well uh well well - 32 slump in the middle of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, you know so like so you know I mean Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about um so I mean uh okay um 182 businesses and 9, 250 houses, left of so you know like I mean so so standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, well well uh okay well so the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border of okay like well I mean um um Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - Inquart, the latter um um like okay I mean okay communique having been arranged after the troops had uh you know um so uh well begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America so uh uh so like like in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling themselves well uh I mean you know uh like the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are like uh I mean um like well filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with four well okay uh you know okay I mean 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of them you know okay um uh okay so killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the I mean uh like so um okay prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary you know you know um uh I mean okay system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 um well okay you know like so ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, and you know uh well well you know uh also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's um I mean you know you know like um also investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's cause um I mean well okay um you know of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew you know I mean like uh well like up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the you know well well I mean like okay boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made uh I mean you know you know you know like his visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited okay okay I mean um um uh Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award uh um well I mean well okay by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship I mean you know you know uh like um at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as you know you know so well like so well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December well so uh so um you know normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr okay I mean like so you know okay von Prel, or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian well I mean I mean well um so Alfred, Baron du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August I mean so I mean so I mean okay 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French um uh uh you know um um Creole parents and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour so um I mean like uh so Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - so um I mean well uh okay 1' was a more guitar based pop album that I mean I mean uh you know um so also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold well you know well uh well uh Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering you know well you know uh um I mean a stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and okay like you know you know you know you know unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public I mean well I mean you know like I mean company listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the okay like I mean okay uh well companies involvement in N. Africa and North East Asia, um okay I mean okay um well before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as I mean so um well okay you know much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' well okay well okay um so ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of so um uh so I mean okay Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near the you know okay like well well you know foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty you know uh I mean I mean like you know in the first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; I mean I mean you know uh like um 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in so um so uh I mean you know the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, okay I mean I mean um you know I mean and as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, well so you know well I mean like 000 € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a like um you know like okay well 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 € like uh you know like like so annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair you know I mean okay you know uh okay of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New um uh I mean um you know so Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more so I mean uh uh like like aggressive than the lion, their struggle became more like I mean uh you know you know uh like that of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, okay like um okay um okay among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely uh uh uh okay like well within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) like I mean so uh so so traditional territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station uh uh you know so well I mean based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found okay like uh uh uh you know form in their architect a congregational space that was like um uh well you know uh used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage uh you know uh you know like like the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and um well okay okay like well backed him against the other main party on the Privy well I mean okay uh so uh Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in well uh like so so you know September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the dam so so I mean you know uh you know on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, I mean okay you know okay well I mean 1996) was born as the second son of Reynold Lambert Eustace um um uh well I mean well and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' on so so so well so I mean its vocals created and a 'moody' production that was um like okay so so um compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of um okay um I mean well uh his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) was so um you know like okay um a British television channel owned and operated by Life TV Media, uh uh you know so you know okay it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended okay okay you know uh I mean um operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention um so well so okay you know to the electrified commuter lines they began operating on January like um okay okay I mean you know 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - based Eagle Hills I mean I mean well you know well well and he also acts as a top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round okay uh uh you know so I mean 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid uh well well well you know um - consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in um I mean uh um well so actuarial science, and these programs usually have highly specialized um I mean okay well you know like coursework schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare I mean um um I mean you know I mean students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, well you know like you know well like that Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus uh uh okay um I mean so all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano okay well okay you know you know okay (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about 2 like like I mean I mean uh okay - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' like so I mean so I mean uh and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined um okay you know uh you know I mean Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played okay like um like um um up to December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed okay well so well uh I mean a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet uh uh like like um so of music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, okay I mean you know like so um including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an uh like okay well uh I mean irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the late 19 well so okay uh um like th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten I mean you know you know uh so like with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of uh I mean um like I mean you know San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is uh well okay like I mean so currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, um so like um so uh temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are you know I mean okay I mean I mean well frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, there I mean like okay um so you know is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending so um well you know well so champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on okay uh so like uh um the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the so so you know um well well 6th century B. C. Its greatest period began from okay I mean I mean uh uh so the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant The uh so like um so like Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with screenings for okay well well uh uh um the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable so so okay uh well uh star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women you know you know like so uh uh and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, you know um like you know um uh Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May okay uh so I mean so you know 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA uh well I mean so like you know rating is recognized as one of the 'oldest' rating still you know okay well like well I mean existing in today's modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for 40 so like so well uh um years or more', but Red Fife is a landrace and well like okay I mean uh okay did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married so um you know I mean like so to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie uh um you know you know I mean you know of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in 1891, I mean okay like I mean um well Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed well well well okay um I mean the home for sale and then gone out of um okay so you know I mean like town, and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have so okay well um well I mean been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered like you know you know um okay um the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is um well I mean um so uh an important tributary of the Tapajós river along so um so so well so with the discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in like uh you know you know like um Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a palace in I mean um well so like okay Downton on one of the islands by the Moot when okay um like uh uh well the palace was taken down and the stone is well so um so I mean so thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops you know like well um um well for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in winter you know like um okay um well travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by okay I mean okay well uh so Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows I mean um like uh I mean like continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs I mean okay well like um so with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who plays um um like uh uh like for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to well well I mean well I mean I mean prevent the reduction in the size of the school's playing you know you know um so you know well fields, although a new food technology block has been built well well okay uh um I mean where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, you know so okay like well like but a distinct canid, although based only uh like you know so okay well on morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes you know so um like okay well due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian um um uh like I mean okay control, strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and included you know well I mean you know I mean like in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises near uh so you know uh I mean you know Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built well like um um okay you know into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American so well you know you know you know so writer and United States Marine officer who won the so I mean uh like okay I mean National Book Award for fiction in 2014 for I mean uh like uh you know you know his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie um so um well so uh Chaplin in one of his very first acting roles during I mean so uh you know okay like its first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' I mean you know okay well um you know is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally like you know like I mean um okay airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try you know so like uh like so to call him to warn him but are confronted by so so I mean uh like um the assassin who spares their lives since they are okay uh I mean I mean I mean you know not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and like um okay I mean uh I mean most of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami Lakes well um I mean so uh so in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a so I mean like um uh like 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms of Nikita well um I mean well you know uh Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the reason um like um I mean like like for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir okay um uh okay um well apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on I mean well you know I mean you know uh the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and celebration I mean I mean well well I mean okay as the residents join together in a community that uh uh I mean uh um I mean is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by like I mean I mean you know you know like Charon, here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, who okay uh I mean you know um um refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith okay so okay well okay okay Colleges, and previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL okay I mean well okay like so - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered so uh so like okay um in the United States Congress and has since been uh uh you know um I mean I mean invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, so like um like well so purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family um you know like like uh um arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ 100, um I mean like um I mean uh 000 per year for ten years), and in okay like well uh uh so 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator well uh like I mean so like - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State like well well well like uh Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a list you know um I mean well so you know of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the you know so you know so you know uh main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having um well um like I mean so already won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to I mean um okay you know I mean okay try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music uh like you know you know like okay producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals of uh well okay so uh um American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - you know um so I mean you know okay Egyptian excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since 1987 I mean well I mean you know well like he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at um I mean I mean uh like uh Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North okay so I mean well you know um Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in so so like like I mean like Baltimore, and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to um you know well okay well like the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the I mean uh okay you know like so 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be I mean well okay you know you know okay critical to a program's performance; this register allocation is performed well you know I mean well so um either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by the BBC from um so well okay like you know years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake uh well um like so you know completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around uh so so well well you know their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of you know okay uh you know uh uh cilia that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and um um so I mean uh so John Doyle and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on well you know I mean I mean I mean you know 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although testimony well uh well like okay like at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol in Japan okay um uh well I mean you know during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try uh I mean like so like you know to seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away um uh okay uh I mean um invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest I mean um um um okay like railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep cool and uh um okay so uh like staff prevented the walruses from bathing in uh uh I mean well uh like their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts of you know um uh so you know well the CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day okay you know like so I mean like Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline like well um I mean uh uh 'Sooner or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates um well so you know like so the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of okay well like I mean um um its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam engines uh like um well I mean uh and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed like um okay um um you know as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after the so so um I mean um you know calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 and became okay um uh okay okay I mean the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the so okay I mean you know you know like front gates of the school and forced it to well okay so well okay um close, while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) uh um um uh I mean um which polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure um well well okay so like which has two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to um um I mean so okay uh form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley well you know well well so so Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, so you know I mean okay um uh 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in 1997 okay um um um um I mean and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest so okay uh okay I mean I mean Italian non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with I mean okay so like well so 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety 'S', a um um um like uh you know Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share uh well uh so well um their vision for the future as keynotes, as every sector well like I mean so like well of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their um uh um uh well well perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the I mean uh I mean uh you know um only craft upon which James Murray could lay you know okay so like like um hands, the ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going to become a so so uh you know so well presenter as well as a singer; in 2016, she like so okay okay you know I mean will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib okay um um so like so University Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with its okay like so you know you know I mean decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a like like um okay so so British professional boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title um okay well okay so you know since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix uh well I mean you know uh I mean Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one of New Zealand's I mean um I mean like um you know most recognised actors on his own soil. He was a much you know so um uh so um loved feature of many local films made between 1981 and well I mean um you know well okay 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, um okay like well so I mean has allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews uh um uh so uh um have been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) uh so uh I mean okay so was succeeded by an even shorter - lived first Albanian I mean uh um well well um Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the Spooner I mean okay I mean um um so Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority okay um uh so I mean uh for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, okay like like uh like I mean Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, well well um um I mean so Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn you know so so like uh so Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the you know so so like I mean well wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) like okay um uh you know I mean was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La uh uh I mean well okay well Jolla, California, in the parking lot of a golf course, where like so well okay um like he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the um I mean okay okay like uh earliest implementations of this process where orders were I mean okay like like okay I mean taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during you know like like well okay well the 6th and 7th centuries, during the trying period uh okay um so uh well when the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish um okay I mean um you know I mean King Clovis I, and was considered to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T okay uh well I mean okay um. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet like okay I mean you know um um population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the uh so I mean um um uh Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr. Baldwin okay well okay uh okay well was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent MP Rob uh I mean uh um well like Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the okay okay um uh so well resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars I mean okay like well um I mean that are many times larger and more massive than so okay uh uh you know you know the Sun. Such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska Institute, uh like like I mean okay like a Stockholm medical university, which she might've like like I mean so uh well gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - um uh like like um uh of - town tryouts, later saying she felt the so well I mean okay you know so role was not right for her and asked the well well so um you know um show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will um you know well okay well so fund the financial loss incurred by any rise um so uh well um um in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the you know okay so um you know so stations to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; um so um well so well some affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial so um uh I mean okay you know street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April um okay well um so okay 4, 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state I mean like like so uh um champion football team, which won three state titles in 2001, um uh okay like like you know 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Hills, um okay so um you know like serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions okay okay okay I mean like um with Dr. Berger and learns to try to confront so you know um so okay I mean rather than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the market okay okay I mean um you know like for such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent like you know okay um you know so of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some I mean you know I mean okay uh you know publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does like so well like like I mean not join Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on okay uh um well you know okay his own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team okay like I mean okay okay I mean Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, like so well well so I mean and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music band, so um you know uh so okay using their instruments he learned music by experience and um uh okay well you know uh after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the um uh so you know you know you know sudden attack and the crusade force advanced toward the town um I mean so you know well I mean of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the um okay like like like okay crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't um um uh um I mean well pass line bet, he or she can no longer I mean well um you know well uh lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can still well like so so so uh lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a you know I mean like so well okay separate compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which uh like okay you know um so allows a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to uh uh you know uh okay um the south bank of the river a short walk um uh you know you know um uh from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the well you know well um I mean well Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and most I mean so I mean um um uh is in the East Midlands region; the county is like I mean you know like so so the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard tank um uh okay like so you know with a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald well you know you know you know um I mean head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between um okay like well like like sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears um you know uh okay I mean uh in 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy I mean so well like um I mean Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on like um you know well you know so Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, was like uh I mean okay like well the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain name allocations so uh so I mean okay uh from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this like um like so you know so role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year you know okay so um I mean like - old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane you know okay so okay like um and, along with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly okay okay I mean like so I mean all of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council you know you know uh like you know you know were U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in you know so well um like you know the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these uh so well I mean uh okay captains of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open okay well you know uh okay you know to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al so so you know uh so well - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and refused uh you know like um um um the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would well I mean so I mean you know well be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, you know uh uh like uh well London) is best known as being the former guitarist for I mean okay well well okay I mean Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), who like okay okay like like like assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was you know um I mean I mean you know okay born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as South well well so okay um um Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan um you know um well you know okay in western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative I mean well you know like well well Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and so you know well well uh well knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the hands well I mean I mean uh okay I mean of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back so um um I mean you know you know to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the like so I mean um um uh Atlantic Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; well okay well uh I mean I mean his voyage, which arose from a dare with his okay so well so I mean so friends over a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from you know um like okay like I mean 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- so well uh well you know uh 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, the um well I mean you know so okay two partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing uh well well like I mean like line -- when the first production batch rolled out, Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out um um um so I mean so of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, well so I mean I mean I mean uh the first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography uh you know uh okay uh okay and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album to like okay well so well well be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as well you know well uh you know you know a single ahead of the album and charted in the Top I mean um okay okay you know I mean Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in you know you know so well so uh the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell tower um um uh well I mean um and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's you know I mean like I mean okay um professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one uh I mean I mean so like so more chance, but at the end of a near so well you know okay um I mean - perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, I mean you know um uh well like New York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers uh like okay so like you know Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder okay like uh I mean like so of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a uh well so well I mean well variety of Spanish and Italian Baroque styles well like um okay well um. The Island's newest movie and vaudeville house outshone most um you know well like uh well of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a so I mean so you know okay uh retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading 3' um well so so like I mean strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and um you know I mean well you know you know helped to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different I mean so um so um well positions, with X and Y closer together than Y and so like you know well I mean like Z, the temporal interval between the X and Y flashes is you know you know I mean you know like well perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to well so I mean uh um you know one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he has uh okay I mean um well um claimed he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test in so like you know uh well I mean 1976 when, taking off under its own power from you know okay um like I mean well an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was you know um like um I mean uh flown by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, so so uh okay you know you know to which the former judge responded by largely withdrawing from okay uh so okay uh okay his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and um well like well uh um Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and you know uh so okay well okay on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 well okay well I mean um um September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked you know okay okay okay uh I mean version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general uh uh well I mean okay like medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used at you know okay so okay like well Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and so okay well well you know well he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and well so so uh okay well took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could I mean I mean you know you know you know I mean get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa so okay so like I mean okay and built with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April okay well you know okay like so 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game theory would uh um I mean okay okay um treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is uh uh well you know I mean okay a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content of the well so like um you know well videos, including suggestions that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and uh um I mean so like I mean autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily and Libya, I mean you know uh well okay like codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and like okay uh okay like so 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south well uh so okay um uh of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused well like so you know you know so in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively small, uh I mean like like like well but it is nevertheless a key factor in its economy - you know so okay you know I mean uh there are more than 120 publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and okay I mean um I mean you know um also led them in their centenary year, but left you know so okay well you know so the club in 1976 when he was transferred like okay okay well I mean okay to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre like uh okay well um you know with a science fiction theme centering on a union um I mean uh uh uh like between a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago um well so like like like del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received so well I mean um uh so from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - well so okay okay well I mean man World Cup at 2014 - 15 season when you know okay uh okay okay I mean he had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in uh you know well you know uh okay (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is an American uh so uh okay like okay rapper, who first began rapping at the age of 12, you know I mean um well like you know and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the uh I mean so well um you know 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and so so so uh okay I mean stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine well so uh um well so gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers and uh okay um okay okay so streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns about its um okay you know okay okay I mean business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement well um well so like okay for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by okay uh okay well uh okay the end of the season is kicked off the 'A' um okay you know um uh uh team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite ordinals, well well like okay uh I mean and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in you know you know I mean well you know I mean New York City opened in 1992 created by Allan I mean um so well okay you know Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared in like uh well so so uh five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, uh you know uh I mean uh well the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' so you know okay uh uh well Healing Arts Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph like you know I mean okay um I mean on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar um well so well um well tract, a way in which stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive information like okay like okay you know I mean from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is like I mean well okay so okay dragged to an isolation cell for punishment where he um uh okay um well I mean overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 I mean like so um so like cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills so well uh like well well further down the Deep River, then set off with his main I mean you know you know so uh you know force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, okay um you know so um like 1992) was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to the like I mean uh uh well well Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of the like uh you know I mean uh I mean Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of well um okay well I mean you know Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had um like um um um uh been handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid you know okay well you know you know um emir of Damascus, but he too was tired or waiting, you know I mean like so well okay and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing I mean so well I mean I mean like on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a you know well okay so so so Concert Lamoureux under the baton of Charles Lamoureux um um you know I mean uh like on November 25, 1888, while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at well like uh so I mean well the Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the uh like so so like well War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined um so well so well okay men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest you know um okay so so uh for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since 1979 um so okay like you know so and has appeared as a featured expert on child abuse uh like um okay uh well on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the well I mean okay you know okay well route is a freeway that includes a tunnel um okay uh you know like you know that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief like uh you know so like so Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a large I mean you know well so well like and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as 'Big okay like you know I mean I mean like Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play okay I mean okay like like I mean for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the rent okay well um you know okay uh for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall so well so so like like in which the wedding will take place -- it's where Emily's so like like so like uh parents got married, and the wedding will be the okay I mean okay like well so last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop video you know I mean I mean you know well like standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed around well uh you know I mean um so 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried um you know uh okay so like in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged during the like okay like you know well you know Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it was well uh uh uh uh uh rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 okay uh you know uh okay uh as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an I mean you know uh okay you know um international star everywhere but in the United States, I mean so like um you know I mean where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February like uh like like I mean well 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not okay well like so like well paying him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific uh uh well so like you know Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started in so like I mean um okay okay an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single like I mean I mean you know uh I mean and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album being you know you know I mean um I mean I mean the poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated that I mean like um uh okay uh it was hard to have a producer do um um okay you know okay like everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died you know um so so okay like in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was well uh okay you know well so buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award for his you know you know I mean so okay you know debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won the National you know I mean well okay so so Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 okay so you know you know well I mean and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido you know okay okay okay okay I mean or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and okay um um I mean okay uh order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese uh so well well um well and Asian markets are made by Axl in China, these like uh I mean um uh so guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her like you know so like okay like great efforts in trying to promote the country she so like I mean I mean well so loves so much she was widowed 12 years ago but has I mean uh okay so well I mean managed to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down uh like well um well I mean to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized I mean uh okay um like well in a lake with a worker in the Bowl - um so well uh so well A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at so uh well I mean uh okay the same time. He among with other yogis namely Sivayoga okay uh um um uh I mean mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and okay like so like I mean so Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 miles away, you know okay like I mean um like as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of you know okay like like like well Evangelion' and reappears in' where she remains generally the same as well uh well well so like in the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program like um okay well like so for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of okay you know well well okay you know magazines, make a thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, um well so okay you know I mean thanks to specialist section you are able to create your I mean okay you know um well well own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising so okay well so so well executive and the head of the New York and New England I mean uh like like uh I mean Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually working okay okay so well uh uh at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 I mean you know well well so like June 1950 to find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air I mean okay you know well okay so is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV so well um um well so - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon like like I mean like so okay except the famous 88 mm gun even then um um um like so so its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University so like um like uh so of York, after which he spent four months working uh okay um um so okay for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a so uh I mean um I mean like patent for a food namely a cucumber that was like so um like uh I mean structural modified vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark you know I mean you know so you know like patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping uh you know uh like uh I mean out of the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth and so you know you know um uh so final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he played I mean okay I mean like like so Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox well uh I mean well so uh show New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to well um okay you know okay well appear in About a Boy, The Young and um so um so well so the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, okay okay um well I mean so which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her um okay um like well well daughters to wealthy men; whether or not any such matches okay like um I mean so um will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist uh like uh uh you know you know movement, was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the uh okay you know you know okay so low - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian like so I mean you know I mean okay - backed football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South I mean like uh you know okay um Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up you know I mean um like you know um in Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he well so okay okay um like moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he okay um like I mean well so discovered his wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs uh I mean you know okay so okay of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence in his um you know so okay well okay life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the uh okay um um well so President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 like you know well um well um and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density um so so like uh you know function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and so like well well okay well led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, okay I mean you know well so well coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook Island you know I mean like you know I mean okay professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی I mean you know like so um I mean براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a okay like um uh I mean so Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, um okay okay I mean okay so and also appeared as a backing singer in the video um uh you know like so so for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines you know okay uh um uh I mean which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The so like okay um okay okay Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, you know like like I mean um okay and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is okay okay you know you know like well a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan county um so um um okay so of West Yorkshire and has a population of approximately 1 um you know okay um you know uh. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered uh you know so well uh I mean by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to okay so okay well I mean um be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample you know okay you know so uh uh of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she well I mean so I mean you know uh is not a very good student, except for Art, so you know I mean you know well uh in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their um uh um I mean like uh candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of like okay well well like you know front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of um you know like okay well um Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 um you know I mean uh um okay - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not statistically um you know you know uh like uh significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of uh you know uh I mean you know I mean 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for mnnit so like well um okay uh mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff uh you know um well okay you know had been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor uh okay well well okay uh was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry well um well uh you know you know Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London so okay you know well okay you know Borough of Camden, best known as the site of 'The you know I mean okay okay so you know Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' so so I mean you know so well ) of western - central Michoacan State, the River uh well you know uh uh so takes a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains uh well so like so like into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; so like okay um you know well played a key role in a political crisis that threatened to tear I mean I mean well well uh like the Liberal government and the country apart and incurred you know well so like uh so the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages you know you know okay like like like off - track students in their education preparing them like okay okay um uh I mean for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard so okay so okay well like University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division as a um I mean uh well like uh member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete you know you know so I mean like okay to keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku Shinkansen, uh um um I mean um uh and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining northern you know well okay I mean I mean you know portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her well okay um uh um um young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and okay well well um I mean okay get a sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded well okay um so I mean okay with premises on Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution so like like okay um so for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and so you know I mean I mean I mean um just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was well okay like like you know okay shifted to other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, so I mean I mean I mean okay uh grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and his uh well um so okay like clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing you know okay so okay like so under their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at you know like uh so I mean uh the age of forty - two; his funeral was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen okay well well so um like Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged to uh okay I mean well like so attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in well okay you know um like um 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left well okay um well um I mean the group, and been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, okay um well well you know you know bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company so so like you know I mean um in Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to operate the existing okay so I mean okay so I mean Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter for okay I mean uh like okay so 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling um uh um um like well still struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, they like okay well uh I mean I mean have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the University of Kent like you know um um I mean so on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an uh well you know you know you know um English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her so I mean well so okay I mean 'the hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical well um like well okay like Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like the uh uh uh well okay you know winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, I mean um so I mean so so is slower and more melancholic; the third theme okay like so uh um well is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre you know so um like okay okay is located at Jindabyne, km south - west so you know uh I mean uh well of Sydney and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw um okay I mean well okay uh greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a I mean okay you know like okay uh negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped you know okay so so uh um out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded okay uh uh well well uh in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published no so I mean well you know um I mean more fiction during the remaining two decades uh like so you know uh you know of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 1894, like so like well okay um for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to um so okay well um so - business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content okay uh I mean okay um like and other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim so like so I mean you know um and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times that so well um like so you know the wire was pulled through a draw um I mean um uh you know uh plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as well um I mean well um okay Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was enough kid you know so um um okay um power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port well okay you know okay okay um Angeles, Washington United States) is President of the and originator of the um okay okay well okay um 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could pass um so so I mean okay you know to obtain the Green Card which will determine if they uh like you know you know okay well can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer uh okay um okay uh um who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers okay well you know well well um gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are uh um I mean so like um executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles you know uh um you know like well to the Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and so um you know well well okay political systems, with several kinds of currency in circulation, and the so like well you know I mean so ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother (Roxie) well okay well uh you know like took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her to uh um so um okay uh care for four children and his parents decided to send so you know you know like um I mean him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty well like okay like you know I mean sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne uh well so you know okay like in the next Test, after Barnes had you know like like so okay I mean dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert well so so uh like you know Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, you know well so okay uh like as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed like I mean you know like okay okay as the NDP critic on the Environment, uh um so okay so like and sat as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of uh so I mean well well um Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were houses um I mean well well so uh or inns where horses were kept and could be rented and well like you know you know um so postriders could be hired to take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates you know like uh so you know okay written in an unknown language or constructed language I mean okay well so like uh and are alleged to be a chronicle of the so you know I mean okay um so Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety okay well okay I mean like I mean of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a derecho so uh so so uh you know and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as 91 okay you know uh like you know you know mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm well so so so like um and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M.' around okay well uh you know I mean uh 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the character was um well like so so so pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish okay well you know I mean so well professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for like so so um so like the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French so so like um so like army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) was so like you know uh like um constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to promote and develop okay um you know well um you know Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell that he um um um um you know I mean became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - I mean like so I mean well like acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up you know like um like you know so in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a so so you know well um so mast step, which by its arrangement of okay so well um okay uh boards allows the mast to be raised and lowered, and well uh I mean like um okay a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to okay okay okay I mean you know like 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring so uh so okay you know um Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over like so so you know um okay the malt - making side of the family like well like I mean um well business and in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't okay you know I mean so you know you know some excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been okay so like you know like uh 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo uh I mean okay like like like making it's first appearance in the Annals of um so so um you know uh Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when um um um well you know well engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division so I mean okay uh like you know required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies a day, you know I mean okay uh uh so though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular so um so you know I mean you know pastime among peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & Løken, like um um well you know uh a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than well like uh um like uh its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is you know so I mean uh um uh the result of a fault - block that is analogous well so well so I mean so to a cellar door: the door is hinged so so so okay you know okay on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which operated uh you know like well you know um from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, more like um uh well like um brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence um so you know I mean well you know to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage I mean okay I mean like well um name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and like you know well okay so like actor best known as a member and one of the well well well you know uh I mean main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic you know well well you know well well receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S - Video uh I mean okay uh like well outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 you know you know I mean you know like um in Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo like I mean uh you know so um and with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is you know uh uh like you know so an American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from well um um okay so you know Ohio, he is a member of the Democratic Party and okay so uh you know you know like served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional I mean well uh um uh like soldier, Deng was a political activist and knew little like like uh like well like about military, their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having like I mean okay okay uh like several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy whose I mean uh you know okay well um battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related like like okay so so well to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating I mean so you know okay um okay with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics uh like so I mean okay uh - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - stroke, you know like you know so um okay displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a like well uh I mean you know well poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of okay okay well so you know well 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, you know uh you know um uh well 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of I mean well uh well so so Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai you know you know um uh well I mean Kokutai on the mainland, and as part of Japan's okay uh so uh okay so Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not okay um I mean well uh um the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not you know okay well I mean um so have any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was always um well so you know well so meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink you know like so well like so was a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its like uh I mean uh okay okay sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO you know okay I mean like like well medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an well uh so like like okay action of the Eighty Years 'War in which well I mean well you know okay I mean a Dutch Republican army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which so like okay so like well had been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, they okay okay like um well like released a third CD, 'State of Control' and a okay uh so okay um well full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white like uh uh well like uh blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry okay so so you know well like King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor of like okay I mean uh I mean so Auckland and was re-elected to this office in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since uh well well okay well well 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia and like um uh uh I mean okay the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to um uh okay I mean uh um date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation increased so um um so okay well its assets by almost 10 times, and took the okay like uh um you know like 5th place in the DCM, also it was among the so like like well like uh three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding you know I mean I mean um like I mean -- every 10 bits sent carry 8 you know well um uh okay uh bits of data -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on the Coral um uh um like well like Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath uh you know I mean okay well I mean Road where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still so um you know well well uh named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and um um you know um um well a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's well okay like okay well uh maiden name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, Hahn you know okay uh I mean like uh was released and in July 1933 he was able to uh like uh well okay I mean emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics you know you know so um I mean well in Umbria, operating between art and craft, he does okay well well so uh okay personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after so so okay okay I mean okay the mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left their well um uh so so okay courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new tendency like like okay you know so so is emerging as students who complete their GCE Advanced Level I mean okay you know uh so uh examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th um um um um okay um century, when the Japanese conquered it, and the city was well so well uh you know uh further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew you know so I mean uh okay I mean in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this so you know like well you know uh day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by like okay like you know uh um arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage okay like like okay okay I mean which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and okay like um like um okay Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons um like so I mean okay um made of two quarks and two antiquark, but the you know you know okay okay well I mean particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) well so well uh well like is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos well you know well like so okay - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May I mean uh uh like uh um 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large uh I mean um okay so so males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG okay like so okay well um Ltd which organized world tours and booked live performances for so you know I mean well well so various artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean uh so I mean well um uh Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than um you know well um so I mean Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and though sometimes well uh um uh well I mean Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue like like well you know so uh in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British um um I mean um okay like First Army in Tunisia and from there it fought through I mean well um I mean um um the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) like like so so I mean okay is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to okay okay well uh uh so tell him about Mookie's idol, he defected to so um so so okay so Earl's alliance and worked with them to trick Mookie into um um so uh um well misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic well you know so okay um um Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' like so uh like okay I mean and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that well well like you know um you know fires miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a uh um uh so um uh wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the uh well like I mean okay so present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine you know like so so well so writing with her work as an actress and producer in uh okay so uh you know you know her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - well well so um um okay 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was active in well okay I mean so like like the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are a you know like you know um uh okay number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight division you know well you know um uh like race in which they finished one game out in um so um so um uh the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died okay well I mean you know well I mean when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and okay you know uh like so so is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the uh like so well I mean like US the band decided to film a higher budget video: like uh you know uh like I mean the American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, uh you know okay okay um so and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on so well I mean you know okay well a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race okay like okay um so I mean track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set like well um like like okay up their establishment of the federation in Beijing as the um like I mean um I mean you know philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in support you know you know well so I mean so of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the okay well okay so uh you know SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before his like I mean like uh um um death, his family was in great danger and okay okay you know like like um therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, so like I mean well like you know well that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as I mean uh uh uh so well a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with another so well like you know like so former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in you know okay well well well uh Robert's deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to 1981 um like um you know like I mean and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian actor / um um I mean like I mean uh producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy you know uh um you know okay like was permitted to remain open as an independent training organization in well you know okay I mean like so 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' or you know well like I mean I mean so 'usus': in the latter, a woman could avoid her husband's um you know well well I mean I mean legal control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the night, uh you know well I mean um so at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and well like well I mean you know uh Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and okay so so um um I mean part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who I mean okay so so well I mean played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level okay like I mean uh um I mean for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body uh I mean I mean uh uh I mean was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to take um okay you know like I mean well Azmaria as far away as they can, but before they so so like so I mean you know can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and takes her away uh uh like um well well back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university but so like you know like you know uh has now left (though it retained some ties) having previously uh you know um like I mean okay merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and so uh well well you know so if they object the child (unless they are over like um um uh you know okay 16 years old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 so I mean um like so I mean of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands well like so like you know I mean of Tuvalu is the story of the Eel well so well okay uh you know and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, so uh I mean uh I mean like quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical I mean well well well like um negligence during her birth and has been treated for like okay okay I mean um like the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los uh well I mean uh so well Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third episode okay well you know uh you know so in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with like uh so so so okay the Los Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won like um uh well you know um her first WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - um uh well um you know I mean provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement in well like uh so well like contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is often said to so um I mean I mean you know uh derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of Electrical you know you know okay like okay well Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university I mean so so like okay well - based, amateur handball club registered in the England Handball you know like uh like you know I mean Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, okay um like okay I mean okay and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of uh like well uh you know I mean Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an you know um well uh like uh American actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls you know uh well I mean you know so on HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole I mean well uh you know um like Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, 1965) you know so so like okay I mean was born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi so um I mean okay like um where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music well uh I mean um so okay singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a you know uh um um um like career on the stage of more than two decades, playing okay I mean you know uh like you know secondary character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a so like so like so uh configuration which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a few catholic I mean well so uh you know well seminaries before he became a priest, he was ordained I mean well um I mean uh you know on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the so like like like I mean I mean USA to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School so um you know well like you know District near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 uh uh okay well uh uh students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun you know so I mean um you know okay Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room house well well um okay um like about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while you know well um okay okay like the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city so so um I mean like uh announced that it had bought the Threefoot Building from so well well I mean you know you know a private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for you know well well well I mean well the first time due to an injury of Benedikt so you know you know you know uh like Höwedes in a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; so like like like I mean like he also scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the official religion um like you know okay okay well as a way for people to seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated you know so so you know I mean well in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which I mean like well like so um was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an American uh um uh so uh uh professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who uh um well like you know well murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information I mean well um I mean you know well technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is um well you know so I mean like exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb uh I mean uh okay uh um located 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & uh um um you know you know uh Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the okay I mean uh like uh I mean first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who badly uh uh okay so you know like desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) is a well you know you know so uh um South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of so uh I mean I mean you know well the Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw at um so so uh you know um home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored like uh like uh okay like the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc you know um like okay well like Ninh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, I mean like you know okay like uh 5th Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry well you know like you know uh so Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a like um okay you know so you know summer league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE well I mean okay I mean I mean so O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins in single you know okay so okay um um - candidate votes, although there is room for symbolic uh I mean like um like like protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly well I mean uh I mean you know uh led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the Greater like I mean so well like so Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became I mean uh uh like okay I mean a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 season, um uh um like um like and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined so like um like you know like the League of Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm well um I mean well okay okay the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where uh um um like I mean like dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' like well so I mean um I mean carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees okay so I mean you know you know uh and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, uh um so you know you know I mean disembarked in Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, uh um uh so uh um set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical um like I mean so so um styles, many of the later conceived artists in the well so okay so well I mean 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a okay you know like okay um okay demonstration outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back like I mean uh um like I mean rent on the land to the Bureau of Land Management, you know um so you know um you know but the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling you know you know okay I mean like um to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful um I mean um like so um stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the well um well uh okay like Gregory - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime film I mean so I mean well you know I mean it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går well well well okay okay okay Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the 23rd Brigade I mean uh you know you know well so was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, I mean um okay uh I mean I mean which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent I mean you know um well well well traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in you know well you know uh you know so test scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as um um um like uh like one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series I mean um okay okay um you know race held on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 uh okay you know so so um to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main antagonist, uh okay so uh uh like ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though in like well um so uh well the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in well okay like um okay like Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time like uh okay so um like in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist youth organization well uh uh so I mean like in the whole area of the Persian Gulf region which well uh okay um I mean um suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on okay okay like okay I mean uh the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South like um like um like so Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking okay well I mean okay well I mean became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown like so um well um uh which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the okay I mean you know uh well um tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal I mean okay well uh like so Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member well I mean okay you know you know uh of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by you know so uh you know so like Reverend John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in okay uh you know uh uh you know St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi was 'one so okay uh okay okay you know of the toughest men in the world'; police suspected Cirofisi you know I mean you know so uh I mean of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a reverse you know well uh uh uh I mean auction, as back loads and part loads often require a degree like okay you know uh I mean I mean of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off - road vehicles um well um um um like planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened fire on well uh um like you know you know worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people like okay uh well you know uh marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with I mean uh you know um okay you know the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop uh you know okay uh so okay Shoot Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; um I mean uh I mean okay like the band recorded an album named Kneejerk with like okay uh you know uh well Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores are well so like uh um well named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the uh you know I mean uh like like Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers okay well so you know okay so an area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience uh uh I mean like like okay No. 2', the first single released on May 21st well well okay um like well 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a I mean well like you know like uh visionary and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam okay I mean I mean you know I mean like outside the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama like well um uh you know okay based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his participation in I mean like well well uh uh the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated the address on uh well okay I mean uh so June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in the abduction um you know well um um well and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from like like um like uh I mean the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and well I mean like um well well from 1990 to 1994, she was a member of like I mean well uh well like Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so okay like well so so okay they are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the uh um uh um well I mean remaining water in the plant and occur on the leaves I mean like you know like uh okay of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra so uh you know well uh uh and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County Louth, so um uh um um you know Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and well like like well you know you know audiences, is the best - reviewed film in like so like okay um you know the 'X-Men' series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back um you know I mean well I mean like to several earlier blues songs and it has been suggested you know like like okay like okay that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery um well um you know like well County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd outdoor game okay I mean uh you know well like in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the um well uh okay so like General Robert E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag well like like uh you know I mean on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', like well uh you know okay well where the events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the I mean uh um so uh I mean 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in well you know like like well you know 2009 made a return to International Handball with four appearances for Australia well um like like um like at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with you know um so well like okay the last name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a you know um um uh I mean so pub, a general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected you know I mean well uh I mean uh in 1996 to Moore's former seat and still serves well I mean uh you know um like in the chamber, called Moore' one of the uh well you know okay well I mean giants of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but okay you know uh like so so after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins okay like like like okay you know the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased to around like like okay uh I mean um 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the okay like so I mean um well population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in okay um uh well I mean like harmony with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet I mean you know so I mean well uh officials that same day, who asked if he wanted to you know so um I mean so uh return to the United States; he insisted to them that uh um uh um I mean you know he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US okay you know so uh so well set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not okay um like so um I mean serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and I mean I mean uh you know so uh blues scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as you know I mean um well I mean so a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology well like um like um well in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing I mean well okay I mean I mean um with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the well I mean I mean so so um Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her uh like you know well like okay third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th I mean you know um you know okay well U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding the like okay well I mean uh so pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under well you know well okay I mean um God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 uh so okay okay I mean well season making a total of seven appearances in his first season well so you know I mean you know you know as a professional, making his debut as a substitute for Orient like you know uh um well you know in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of about well well I mean well um well 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General like okay like okay okay I mean Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is so well uh well you know uh $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and so like like you know I mean okay David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; okay you know you know uh I mean well the brothers wanted a software that would let them um you know like I mean okay well track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light I mean okay well uh so uh for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of geothermal heat you know okay I mean so um so is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September uh well um okay I mean um 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition uh I mean like so like um Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as like okay like like I mean uh part of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the center began I mean you know uh you know okay you know with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders well like I mean um I mean I mean which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from well okay um I mean I mean you know the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing uh well okay I mean um you know 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, attended um you know okay well you know um the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played three seasons well so okay you know I mean so (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three ships I mean uh um uh well I mean were forced to stop in Los Angeles for repair and you know I mean okay uh like I mean on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait to uh like okay I mean like you know lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane so um you know uh so uh remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, um um um you know you know so I am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the purchase well I mean I mean um uh well of the money - losing, $ 300 million um you know well I mean I mean I mean in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; in 2001, they I mean I mean I mean uh uh you know purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who was I mean uh uh uh well uh sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales in I mean you know like you know okay so the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of I mean so okay I mean I mean okay soldiers positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss you know um I mean well um like Allner and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, have okay um well uh um like a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple so I mean um I mean you know well neck for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart with so I mean well uh I mean okay Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is I mean you know you know so um uh now with a woman fifteen years younger than her with a well okay you know so um so baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), entered well you know okay so I mean you know the employment of the king of Sweden as surgeon, you know you know uh okay uh I mean and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an like so okay so so well American film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is you know okay uh like um like a famous Arabic language song in Egyptian Arabic by the um like well well you know well Lebanese pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in you know um well okay like uh the projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the um so you know you know um okay previous estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ well you know like um I mean like 1. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 you know so um I mean um you know November 1886) was the first African - American like like um you know you know uh to graduate from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and so I mean um so like well butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of well you know okay uh like I mean the family that they will not leave and I mean you know like so like like with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school did like so um well um um not have a large budget and coach Erk Russell okay you know you know um okay okay ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied uh so uh well uh like at Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed you know uh I mean so so um a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his well um so uh uh you know daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented by you know so you know so I mean well two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, I mean uh well I mean well um he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short - you know well okay you know you know you know listed for the top job but applied after he received I mean um I mean so I mean okay a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of so I mean um um um so the Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was well okay you know you know so um struck by Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by I mean well like well uh uh Colombian authorities in Cali during March 2004, accused of having um like you know like you know like shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US in so well you know like um I mean 1990, a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by the I mean okay uh well like I mean National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and data products for a okay so I mean um I mean okay 25 - year - plus time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a restaurant um well so so okay well in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first okay you know well okay okay I mean one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work for a I mean like um so so uh while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the you know okay you know like um well southern states and then Cash began to tour with Elvis uh okay well well uh so Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively like uh um uh okay so required in order to work, which is why some people use okay um you know uh well um the term common - interest association to describe groups I mean I mean like well you know like which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) is um you know so well okay okay a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in like like okay like like well November 2010 which outlined many new developments, including the impact I mean okay well okay uh uh of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) I mean so okay you know so well is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' well you know I mean so um okay or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player has gained I mean so so you know so you know access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player um so well so so uh has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the uh I mean so uh um you know influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was a you know you know like well you know you know Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and so so so um well I mean left their imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there like okay okay okay uh you know in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some well um okay um I mean you know 40 km to the NW) on his way into okay uh um uh okay like France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 like you know okay you know um I mean team with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, like you know okay well I mean uh and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract uh so like so uh so such as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal um uh uh so well so. Clerks of Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her okay like uh like you know I mean local homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in um um so I mean so like October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the end of like you know well so okay well his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the 17th century, when um uh well okay okay you know the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three administrative like uh um um you know I mean districts, given by the scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to I mean you know you know uh like well give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him so you know so um uh uh admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would okay you know uh you know um um suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the I mean I mean uh I mean okay you know Cavaliers got off to a strong start winning their first four well well okay okay like okay games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the water, well uh so um well like bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls okay I mean you know like um okay having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth okay uh um uh like I mean of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed okay okay so so well um 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers I mean um so um uh so of workforce training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes you know okay okay you know um like in a four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese War uh okay like I mean so like in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in North China and uh uh um okay like um soon more than half the salt revenue was either not um uh uh like so so collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the um um well uh so okay Oakland Athletics in 1989 to win the World Series after you know um um so you know I mean losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker in like well well well okay so the early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks of I mean uh okay okay so uh the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although uh okay uh so I mean so the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power uh you know well okay like so spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit of I mean okay I mean okay so you know the plant being used: in all cases, they you know well uh you know um um must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the well you know okay well uh like protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this you know I mean like um well okay action and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of well I mean um um I mean I mean Westminster politics when he lost office in 1992, as you know well so I mean like you know the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred so uh okay uh um well to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94 uh I mean okay so like so. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before so okay like so well you know the punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, you know like um I mean I mean uh physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' and so um okay uh uh I mean 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the you know well okay you know like you know U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, and so I mean um you know you know I mean the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination of I mean you know I mean okay uh okay personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight uh um uh well you know well underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors between 1951 so you know like so okay so and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when like I mean you know like I mean I mean he was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy um well well you know uh you know components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions um uh you know like so you know for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the uh okay um I mean I mean I mean two years of emergency but the discontent lead to so uh like like okay okay a wave in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely okay well okay um so um NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term that has fallen like uh so well well well out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights advocate, I mean well okay like like well scholar in the field of critical race theory, and you know so like so so so a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English journalist, so okay you know like uh like dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management um okay so um you know uh had destroyed or atleast tried to hide the I mean okay like you know like like evidence before the police arrived and they alleged that okay so well you know I mean um fellow students were asked to wash spilled blood um so well I mean uh well and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a well like uh like okay I mean well known South African brand of rusks - uh uh so like I mean well a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver like you know you know okay uh uh O. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did okay so I mean you know uh I mean not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function so like uh okay uh well of all the forces acting on the plate; however, therein well so I mean um I mean uh remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer okay okay well um I mean I mean who played in the 1950s, playing at representative level for okay you know okay like like I mean Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was you know you know well uh you know okay the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were um uh okay you know I mean okay captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the so like uh well um uh 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap I mean well you know okay like okay and cut off the column of armoured cars you know so like um you know um in the valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs so so well uh well well with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak uh well like like um um Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by okay you know uh um like you know the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men well you know like uh well um in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll in you know well I mean uh uh so the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) well so you know so I mean I mean was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King served well you know like well like you know as the first United States Representative from California's 17th so okay uh uh you know uh congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the uh okay um you know um well Bus Station, a transport congestion started forming in well you know okay I mean like okay the station, and as a result bus stations started like well so um okay uh spreading towards the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the local university uh I mean um you know um um and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in you know like I mean well so well 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first like okay okay well so um in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House um well well well so um of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in okay uh okay um uh so British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and like well like you know um I mean also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is you know like you know like um you know constantly innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio you know uh so well okay uh twice, and the second time he told him that he so you know um okay so like had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja well um so like I mean you know buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit um I mean well so uh I mean which is the longest bus rapid transit system in the so uh like uh so like world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep so like um I mean well you know interest in social justice and a gifted linguist from you know well I mean you know well I mean an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and he you know so uh so I mean I mean describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely you know um you know like so like localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar so so so you know I mean you know pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a um so okay um I mean um coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes County you know well well okay okay uh School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 I mean well um you know um um in Pirituba principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died um like like you know you know um from a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the okay so like you know um um end of 25 June and the 49th Division continued the attack you know um well okay well you know southwards until 1 July, when the division saw so like I mean you know so okay off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away okay so I mean so like well reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, I mean so you know I mean uh okay the only child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining okay um like I mean well well up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running okay uh like well I mean so down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists okay okay like um well you know such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 well so I mean so okay so book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Deland, well uh well well I mean um violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Deland okay like okay um like I mean was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious and so like so well okay you know dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world is I mean you know you know so I mean I mean children, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay well I mean like um okay um to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is like um like you know well um one of the most popular and influential actors of so uh I mean like uh so Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero Award so so okay so uh uh for the prom as well as the Bob you know you know you know um uh okay Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for his okay like okay well so so work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award in uh I mean I mean like you know well Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping I mean well okay um you know like Logan into molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, used like uh like I mean I mean I mean pigeon Island as his base, he forged an agreement you know like I mean well well like with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is uh well um well um well a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her um um uh uh like so daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani and Keli'i okay like so uh uh okay ) all four who help run the center. , okay like okay uh so so and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered like well uh um like well heavy losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually uh like like well you know uh fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the uh I mean I mean um well okay incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of the so okay okay um um okay two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's porch, so like um well I mean okay leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, well so I mean well like so and Henry was subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; but I mean I mean so so I mean uh after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, uh you know so so so like 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh season you know well so so okay like of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps you know well I mean like you know uh a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in uh uh uh so I mean so itself does not prove that Bess was in service at um um I mean um um well Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her like you know um you know like uh parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high okay so like I mean um okay school basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as one you know um so like you know uh of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be given well uh you know um I mean like as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built you know um you know well you know like to service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources you know um um um okay uh Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive so uh so like uh like internal reconstruction to a design by Architect George like uh okay so well uh Coles; almost all the original ornate plasterwork was removed with um okay okay well you know well only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February like you know like well you know like 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals occur annually I mean well well I mean you know uh in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was okay uh you know like you know um dropped to the reserves, missing out on an like you know you know so like um appearance in the final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to uh I mean I mean well you know so secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with um you know you know you know so you know the king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas well you know so um you know I mean did not ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many uh uh I mean I mean okay um great scientists and researchers that Crowley worked with over you know um well well okay um the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a well um well uh you know um cat mask, which is the only part of her visible so like well okay okay well when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly like so well well so uh efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in love with like I mean so uh you know I mean each other again and after an argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have so I mean okay okay okay so files occupy a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's actual I mean like uh uh I mean uh size files that do not fill a whole sector will uh I mean like you know like uh have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and like well so well uh okay his girlfriend was a student of the Hong Kong you know uh so like like you know Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that the okay um so okay well okay artisans say is chemically unique but at current well like I mean like uh uh rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is also um I mean you know I mean I mean you know an overall champion titled the All - Around Cowboy, you know uh you know I mean well you know all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the so um uh um you know I mean Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the so you know I mean you know well I mean Austro - Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's I mean uh so well well okay father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield warehouse during well well like well so so 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J I mean so well um um okay. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech football um well I mean well you know uh goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the so I mean okay so well um mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of okay I mean so you know well well California, which according to a previously published romance novel in like so okay so so um Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on uh I mean well so you know well October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the um um uh I mean I mean um oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser so like uh well uh okay (born 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician um I mean I mean um okay like best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based in you know well um I mean I mean okay Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a uh I mean you know I mean well uh Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some you know you know you know so so um good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has okay okay okay okay well like earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 you know like okay you know I mean I mean. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com well so well I mean I mean well and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian Maya society well like I mean um so well can be inferred only from their elaborate burial sMaya societies include well so well I mean um you know Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became okay uh so you know okay um its first honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded uh um um um um okay by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is okay like like I mean okay uh an American rock musician from Detroit that is most you know okay so um um like popular for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of the so you know like you know okay okay E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, and uh I mean I mean okay uh uh in the same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to see so I mean so you know uh uh if Fanny's hat was there, but the door closed uh you know I mean uh well okay behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) well well okay well so like is a PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, well well I mean like um um while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 so I mean I mean like you know you know April 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was a British general who uh like well well well okay is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for I mean well okay I mean well uh one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the you know okay like I mean uh okay whole tour in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 so uh like you know um well million, though, with the addition of extra dates, the uh well uh um you know okay new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and so like well like okay you know in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was signed uh so like well I mean so into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority you know I mean you know you know uh you know that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward you know well you know uh I mean um with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, I mean well like like I mean well Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it would I mean you know you know like you know so sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created well I mean uh okay um you know in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London like okay so I mean um uh and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status Quo, um you know I mean uh so okay which was released as a single in 1972 (reaching I mean you know I mean okay I mean I mean number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay Area you know so you know uh you know so. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, Christina okay you know so okay so um thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species so um okay um like so selection is S. J. Gould who has proposed the you know um well uh like I mean view that there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond well you know so uh well well the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two uh so um okay okay I mean years Thrace was in the hands of Halil um I mean you know uh so okay Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at well um you know I mean so um the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he you know you know uh you know I mean okay and his wife had agreed to an amicable separation and that okay like you know um um okay he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the like you know okay well um uh archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air uh well so well uh well from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of the uh um so okay um uh pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The you know um okay I mean like okay Case of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the okay so I mean well um uh decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is within you know well like um uh I mean a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which well you know you know um okay like a sample was taken from a much older dancehall tune containing um so I mean um so uh the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO like okay you know I mean like I mean 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities and the frameworks uh well okay um okay I mean are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one like like so well well uh by one; the two older ran off, but the youngest well uh you know you know like like set out, having asked for food, and when I mean so um you know you know I mean the troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d like you know well uh you know so. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and the okay you know I mean um I mean um 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical you know you know like uh you know uh tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, I mean you know so so I mean um portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon like okay well um like well from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The so so you know like um well season introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as so um like well well like Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 um um like uh well I mean the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to um I mean um okay um so the British public; only four years later, Britain and okay okay so I mean so okay France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is okay I mean uh like well like in the process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having okay okay you know uh well like already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in uh well you know I mean like so 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, he well um I mean I mean like uh is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a private okay you know well so um like equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles you know um so so so uh based award - winning filmmaker who has produced and I mean um I mean so I mean okay directed over 70 professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north uh okay uh I mean so okay of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar is villagers okay well well like well like called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create so I mean um like well like addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat uh I mean I mean well I mean okay for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; the like you know I mean uh okay I mean villa was named after an elm planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded so well you know okay okay okay in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese toy okay you know I mean I mean uh okay company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / like like okay um I mean you know DJ and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American um uh well so like so Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the lead like uh so uh like so character is not am ambitious feminist but is okay well uh uh you know so a woman based in the home but a you know well I mean well uh um sensitive woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the well well you know uh like you know space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld you know uh I mean you know okay so attempted to pull him back to congratulate him uh okay uh like um you know after their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition I mean okay you know okay you know like and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the restoration um well so so um I mean of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against the you know like so um like you know Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the east, and uh you know okay you know like so negotiations of peace had just begun with the Emperor Tiberius II, so so okay like like so but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater so um you know okay you know I mean Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong like like um you know uh uh emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer well um so like okay uh a part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to well uh you know okay well uh a heart illness and can only be deciphered to be okay uh you know like so uh athlete's heart through careful examination by a health like so I mean well so like care practioner which will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be locked you know uh well you know I mean uh in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition well I mean okay um well like (and bolt if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number uh you know uh I mean so I mean 8' and parallels a look at King uh you know uh well I mean uh David's life with his own focusing and revealing that okay like well like uh okay you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman okay you know uh I mean I mean um LLP and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP I mean like so okay uh you know before becoming a baseball agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at okay like like you know uh I mean Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government so okay so well I mean like in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel okay so I mean uh I mean okay is a small shed, often built in the like I mean so okay like well shape of a little house, in which a dog you know so I mean well okay you know is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing um uh you know I mean well so further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect uh um okay you know I mean like the current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to like like well well like I mean play the 2010 season for the Newark well I mean so well okay so Bears. He hit. 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club you know I mean you know well like okay located in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the island I mean so I mean you know so you know and as of 2004, the State of Florida you know um um um okay like was offering a site in the Island Gardens project uh I mean okay I mean uh um on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The like um uh uh like you know 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star and uh I mean well you know you know so later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in I mean you know so you know um okay the opening round but their domestic campaign ended with a I mean uh so okay like okay 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the like well uh so okay like only food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which okay I mean so you know like so includes the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she you know you know so um uh uh is an attractive female (believing that statutory rape you know um okay uh I mean uh is not a crime if the perpetrator is a well I mean you know um um so beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before you know well you know I mean like like moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, okay um like so so I mean Poland) is a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the uh okay so like uh you know first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a major um I mean um so you know um probe into utility companies funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of Deusto, uh um I mean so I mean so and completed follow - up studies at the École Pratique you know I mean like um uh well des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior managers you know you know you know um um uh in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II okay you know um like so so 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni scandalously um I mean like uh I mean you know shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off her feet, you know I mean okay uh um so began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the so uh you know like okay um Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and so I mean okay I mean like uh as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 I mean so okay I mean okay I mean Ti cars appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 um so you know um you know okay James Bond film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car well uh okay okay so uh chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August so uh um okay okay you know 1929) was a career solider who commanded the First Battalion I mean okay well so um so of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain well so um uh I mean uh Marvel series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which takes place well you know like um like uh in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, in the like so um so I mean like Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee like I mean so you know like like Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - so you know okay I mean uh um volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and you know you know like I mean so okay therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm well I mean so well you know um later, Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā okay okay like so um uh d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions of the Church you know well like um so uh of the East, one of the oldest Christian churches okay uh um so like uh whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of the I mean so you know um uh so characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from like so so uh um uh Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China so um like so um you know in the First Sino - Japanese War to made um okay I mean well well so China discontinue the influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the 19th okay um I mean I mean so so century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or I mean um well like uh uh Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances I mean um so like so uh and won five Tony Awards, and the musical you know um like uh so like has been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the so so um um uh okay state of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks like well um like well I mean of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij well I mean well okay like okay Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from well I mean well well um uh prison he was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in like I mean I mean um like I mean 1191, when King Richard I of England captured it on okay like so like well I mean his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - like I mean so um I mean uh third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are uh well uh you know uh so attacked by the Air Force, however, they manage to well you know um I mean well you know defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as uh uh okay you know well um 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of the so okay well I mean like well organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations and merchandizing uh okay I mean uh I mean well of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, okay so well you know um like by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was high, well you know you know you know well um but as the toxic effects of cadmium became apparent, industrial like um I mean you know okay I mean limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced in most industrialized so well uh well okay well nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was so um so I mean I mean like presented, which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is I mean I mean um well you know uh the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call I mean like uh you know okay so Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although there um I mean well um you know you know is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' um you know uh I mean well um were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants well okay you know like well well hold a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant you know okay well um like well graduates holding Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all um I mean uh like uh you know newly credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number of you know well okay um like okay boat houses marked on old maps, including two on the well okay okay like okay like Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, well well you know I mean I mean uh one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a you know uh so okay um well conventional engine and propeller mounted on the tail of well you know like like okay I mean the airship; the rolled seams intended to hold the well well I mean okay okay well panels together subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used for okay okay you know you know well you know the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is to like I mean okay well well um use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; like so you know um I mean well both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a free agent with um I mean you know uh like so the New York Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing so um um well uh uh Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in like well like um so uh 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also I mean um so uh you know like referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony you know um you know well well I mean as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might well uh you know so well uh reduce vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis um you know like so well um including three further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for you know okay well okay so well Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, um like so um I mean so Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana (goblin attendants I mean uh uh you know um um of Shiva); one of the attendants -- I mean you know well like well um placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a um um you know um well so large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group formed in um you know you know so I mean like 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and okay uh okay uh well well Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence um well like well uh uh of the city just prior to the Second okay I mean well um uh like Boer War, though some are today in ruins, a uh well like so um you know number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred okay um uh uh well well as Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the uh I mean you know I mean well um Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that Luke is so um uh well I mean I mean actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply describes the um uh like so I mean I mean order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C okay so okay uh um so are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, but so um you know well you know I mean clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University uh well I mean um uh uh of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives so um um okay well I mean Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during like okay um well I mean so his presidency, all to United States district courts; he you know well okay you know I mean I mean did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the so you know you know okay uh well album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division I well I mean okay so you know okay. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship uh like um you know um so and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church he married uh um uh so uh so Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers you know okay I mean I mean so so as aliens, men with whom we share a like um um I mean okay you know city, but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have so uh like well uh um been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah uh uh uh well so so and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at um well like um you know like least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, I mean um so um like so a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies uh uh so okay well like land on the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court to dispute you know you know uh okay well I mean the theory and in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of like you know like so uh uh Chicago in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always okay I mean I mean you know you know I mean wisely, considering that he had a young family to care for; like um like okay like you know but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also well like okay okay like like took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and cited I mean okay so uh I mean uh a range of sources supporting the doctrine of the Real I mean well well you know I mean so Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death sentence, uh like you know okay um okay which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After I mean uh like okay um okay discovering that the demons are herbivores and eat half their like I mean well you know uh I mean weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that is performed you know like uh I mean I mean um in an operatic style, or a song, theme or so I mean well so okay so motif from classical music stylized as pop. The well so uh um you know um term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body like okay like so um um cavities where they are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German so like I mean like so like colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging uh okay um you know you know so application for businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a I mean like um like you know so British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open like uh uh uh so I mean Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February well you know like like okay well 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months um uh you know okay uh okay earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination okay I mean I mean so I mean you know by association can also take a case even if they do you know you know okay like I mean uh not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting like like well um well well or prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of injustice, you know uh so I mean um so for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the uh so okay you know well you know retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up with so so uh okay I mean I mean Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that okay um okay you know well like she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in um so uh uh I mean I mean the franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil uh I mean okay so okay okay War, had served two terms as president from like uh okay so well okay 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well - so like uh so um you know known station in the area from 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine uh so you know I mean well well caused irreversible changes in two small areas of the rat brain, you know I mean so like I mean like which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability I mean you know um well so like of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases uh well uh you know like um bioavailability to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as uh okay okay you know uh so one of the most famous carp lakes in the country, whilst um okay um uh like uh the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries and I mean okay um uh okay I mean has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey like well well like I mean um and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), okay okay um you know well well also known as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of uh so uh you know so um blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, and uh uh um um so you know three missing person reports in the state since 2011 that um okay uh so well I mean were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda uh you know okay okay well well Gregg to whom he was married for six years, well so like um so I mean and was also married to Michiko Nogami (a you know like you know okay like so language instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of Fallot (TOF), uh so well okay um um that will require him to undergo at least three well uh I mean well I mean okay open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is so okay okay I mean uh you know 'sklavos' and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 okay uh um I mean like like ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos wear you know um I mean I mean so I mean Smith's left - handed glove, this being the reason behind okay um so I mean you know okay him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections of okay you know I mean so I mean uh Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was so I mean like you know so I mean the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, well like okay uh so well mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic uh okay okay you know you know so awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely um uh um um well like exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is um like you know so um okay a legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss okay well like okay you know well entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, like like uh um okay um performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class S well okay I mean like like okay State Championship' for the past 8 years, you know you know like I mean I mean I mean recently in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by you know I mean you know like you know like Khulusi were: the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, so uh um uh like uh 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known okay you know I mean uh well uh by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of 58 like I mean so uh so uh lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and like I mean well so I mean so former CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor like uh uh okay like um the power of the 76 mm main gun of like okay I mean like okay okay a KV - 1, and the narrower track width of like so so I mean um okay the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different you know so you know like so so laws than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic well well I mean um uh uh changes seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 -- so uh uh okay um um May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field like well okay well well I mean marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, well well I mean so uh like such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation like so um um uh okay reason, those with experience in the field make detailed okay so so um well uh plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long well um you know well you know okay Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early so you know uh um you know well October and peace between Poland and Sweden could be um uh uh well I mean so established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus okay I mean uh um like okay his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he um uh um well well um keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself lest he I mean well uh you know uh you know meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return for uh I mean um like so um his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the nominations okay well okay so so uh page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at like uh well okay okay I mean Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 uh well okay uh uh I mean and a Ph. D. At the Royal Institute of so okay well so uh I mean Technology in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more so um uh you know like okay recently there has been a push towards other types okay I mean like like I mean okay of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 um um so you know you know I mean players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) you know I mean like I mean you know well while the women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in uh like uh I mean okay okay London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches like uh uh um so uh into ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her um you know you know uh so you know novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get like um well you know I mean you know involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the you know uh so okay um okay 15th (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which well well okay uh so uh slowed down the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil I mean uh well um I mean uh Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm well uh I mean like I mean you know Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year - I mean I mean you know I mean okay uh long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary uh I mean uh I mean I mean like questioning, but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape uh so I mean so um so 'Evening Out With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted so well you know I mean okay so a 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA um you know like you know uh well in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a uh uh you know so well uh 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words so okay okay so um like into the phone, which convinces Shang to you know you know like you know you know I mean call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; so like I mean uh uh like if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a like I mean well so uh you know taped response from the second person was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman I mean well you know you know like okay strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself so so uh you know well uh in the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord. A you know uh um um so okay hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled um so uh uh well well to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or so I mean um I mean so um Youth for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV so you know uh you know um well transmission among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change I mean uh well okay like um in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they so I mean well well so well were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos like I mean well I mean uh you know and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very you know um I mean you know you know so low skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, like I mean okay so you know so residents were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, well um okay uh you know like but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been okay um uh you know uh like with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in okay I mean okay okay um so Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th century, well okay so well I mean you know there were opportunities for female education in the medieval like so you know okay like you know Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned his so you know okay so you know you know practice; he was active in organizing the Republican um um okay well uh you know Party in the state, and was appointed the chair of um like um uh you know like a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break okay I mean well like like like of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role as I mean okay you know um like so a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV then uh I mean so well um you know on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon I mean I mean okay okay so so without T - mat, those responsible for the system turn to like I mean I mean uh I mean okay Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 to um well um I mean you know uh 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed like uh uh like like uh of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial like I mean you know I mean like well troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is you know so I mean well so you know a part of Palm Beach County School District, and the like I mean uh okay I mean um other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is like so uh I mean okay like a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years um uh so like like uh (with honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 so um well so like I mean F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case okay like so uh like uh discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing you know uh I mean okay so so them to continue running in Abe's direction and they will only um okay okay I mean so uh calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of um you know like so okay you know the race of creatures responsible for creating the um okay like uh so like fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre you know well you know you know um I mean carburetor and 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 okay so like so okay well - litre injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - litre well uh uh you know uh I mean diesel followed from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes cited okay so um well like I mean as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', I mean um so um well um is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable as I mean I mean you know okay uh uh the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in so uh well uh so well a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a okay um like uh okay uh distance of from where she had been abducted, and just 24 uh uh um so uh so miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club Nottingham well I mean okay like uh uh Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, uh uh so um you know okay and the March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, like so well you know well um 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is I mean I mean okay so you know I mean under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of well so um well well like 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found in the like okay you know well you know you know camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, like uh so okay so like a science and technology college, has now closed and is you know okay um like um well due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are well okay I mean you know okay so ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, I mean well uh I mean um so most of whom converted to catholicism from the I mean you know you know um well like Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September so you know um um um you know 12 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, uh um you know okay like uh who left him $ 5 million, and the eldest like I mean um I mean you know so son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular you know I mean you know I mean so like movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved like I mean so well okay well close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and so you know so okay like so had advanced on time, then bunched up with you know okay um uh like so the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in well okay uh like so you know the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, so so you know um so like were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew public like um okay you know you know okay interest in the band; given that they're pulling out all um uh you know you know so okay the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central okay okay uh uh you know so tower and a team led by Zelenka works to repair okay like I mean well okay like the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before like okay like okay so you know the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or finance like well well okay uh like a property, with the buyer / investor using as little I mean um um okay like well of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at well okay well uh so uh South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 okay I mean like so uh so touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks okay I mean so like I mean well he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir so like so okay uh okay Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October um so so I mean uh um 2016, where he stands accused of being a member so like well like you know like of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 million you know uh so um uh you know tons, it is located in two main sites, in northern I mean well uh so you know well Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos - well okay you know you know like um sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which uh well uh well so well offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons I mean so you know okay um you know into combat, although the most popular choice is okay I mean um I mean uh um a storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped you know I mean so I mean you know well out of Frank Lucas High School over his okay okay you know um well like inability to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an English um so like so I mean I mean football manager who was also a player, notably at so well okay uh um like Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee like okay I mean well um um - REE - yah) is located in the central uh uh um um like okay Matale District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an you know you know so so so so area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian um well um well I mean okay states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the I mean well okay um okay um narrow Labour majority was eliminated due to by - okay okay well like um like election defeats and in order to remain in like like okay like so well power, Labour formed the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of the 'Institute um you know like like so you know of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to escape okay I mean well I mean like I mean from Iran to the United States, where he currently so um you know okay like uh travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on August like like I mean um well I mean 19, 2013 after the House began its second ordinary session: uh so um um um well so - and - so replaced Ferrer for representative well okay like like I mean I mean at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del Favero, um like well well like uh Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through the iCinema well uh okay I mean I mean you know Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The University of like you know uh um uh um New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre like you know like okay um so language, which is spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to okay like so uh well uh the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad so I mean um like you know you know to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val d'Or, I mean I mean well uh okay you know Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey you know I mean you know um so like goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia and um like like well you know uh New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not contain any well so like so you know I mean information about the person to whom it is assigned you know like I mean so okay you know i. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that uh I mean um well um um he ran alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza near okay um uh like like okay Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does I mean like um um so okay not exist anymore and is not to be okay okay like okay okay well confused with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the operation and I mean um like well well you know agrees with Ty to get the fuse Mike removed from uh uh okay so you know uh the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses a okay uh um uh um you know wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works on you know well well like okay um Jewish themes and songs of many countries but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her okay I mean like okay um you know 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side uh well like you know you know um (much to the worry of Leo) and relish in you know so um you know um uh their new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and okay you know you know so well I mean demonic priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce okay so so uh um like with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor um like well you know okay I mean of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah so you know um like well um Hyland) around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie um so uh you know you know like Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart okay well like I mean you know I mean Mullins, a one - night stand; she is brought up by Mo okay you know well um uh well and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in you know so okay uh like um the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good like well um you know so okay nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African Campaign so so I mean okay uh you know and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking control like uh I mean you know uh uh of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of uh I mean well you know okay okay bomb making material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in so uh um I mean okay well Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, so um well so like like the third son of John Horne, a poulterer in um uh so I mean I mean you know Newport Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for uh like I mean so I mean well three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects for okay I mean so uh you know so which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - okay you know uh um I mean well blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of I mean so I mean um uh I mean the Pro Football Hall of Fame and hosts the like so okay uh so okay annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums so I mean I mean like you know so of original material and he went on to well um like you know I mean um pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and you know I mean so so like well in March 2009, two lanes of a new I mean uh so like um uh realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's so you know you know like like you know Gate, is the first town one reaches on the Caribbean well I mean um I mean you know I mean island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in well so um well uh I mean their second - innings, setting the Minor Counties um you know I mean so okay like a target of 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to well like I mean okay uh well make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an you know I mean okay um I mean um actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on okay I mean uh so um you know the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who well you know well so I mean I mean left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that you know so so okay um um they believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution uh well uh I mean well you know had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge well you know okay um so um in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from uh um okay so I mean well December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from 30 well like uh well well um to 40 days and the litter size can vary between like I mean I mean okay well okay 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the you know I mean so you know you know uh the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated guided um like well like like uh line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, um um so you know uh um released in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with a well like so um like so completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an uh um uh so so I mean abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the like uh uh okay um uh two works are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the like you know you know well like well grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE you know um okay you know you know um MPs had defected to other parties due to internal conflict, so you know uh so like I mean including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu um you know okay um okay you know - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Alain um you know um okay well I mean Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, like so okay okay so okay the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been um so you know you know well so preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly uh you know you know okay so uh weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a statue of I mean well like well uh um Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated by Patrick and so I mean um you know like um Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical aspects of okay um like um okay I mean Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and economic well you know um well I mean um factors contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum you know you know well I mean well so lacking a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is I mean so so you know well so jumping into action through a window, showing a woman is floating okay I mean like um like well in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda well you know well I mean well so Ascendant was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though okay I mean okay well I mean I mean a large number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against like so I mean so okay okay Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major I mean you know uh okay okay okay figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian allows like like well you know so you know Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids uh um um you know like like such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well okay um uh okay I mean well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer um okay you know so uh like who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, I mean okay so like well you know playing at representative level for England, and at club um you know you know you know um uh level for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that was okay so okay well I mean you know listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for the army you know you know you know like you know I mean approaching despite rain in the north, the family longs to I mean you know well like so well return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the well um like okay uh well highest total of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she uh I mean okay well okay like will be released later than Tim Vrågård even though the okay so so well I mean like sentences might not change as her sentence does not start I mean okay okay like uh well until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the you know you know uh um I mean I mean Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms -- you know you know so I mean um well when indeed we do have it -- is of a higher I mean I mean I mean uh so um order than knowledge of the mere physical world, and leads in uh so like I mean well I mean particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the Liberal Democratic Party, I mean um I mean um you know um which later split from Koichi Kato, the man he you know well I mean you know well I mean succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new so um I mean um like uh cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal so um okay well I mean so of Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph I mean um okay uh you know well B. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after I mean um okay well I mean well achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education uh you know uh like well I mean at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up a position um I mean so like I mean so of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as um I mean you know so um I mean dr. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here carring um you know uh uh well like out researches in ancient history. His historical work on salabhanjika you know well um well well I mean titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property presentation okay I mean um um so you know or property styling, the techniques have been televised by home like um you know like okay um stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college campus like you know well okay um okay are on the National Register of Historic Places and well uh well uh I mean okay are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( like um so um okay um Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), okay uh uh like like so builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east so you know I mean well you know um Victoria, Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship I mean uh um you know like well doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, um so um um okay like was the second - highest - selling album of that so so uh I mean like I mean year, and their biggest chart hit since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route so okay you know okay so like Army active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander you know uh uh well so um of the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive wireless I mean uh I mean okay uh so microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, I mean well you know you know well okay allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, uh I mean so um uh so Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and well so um well I mean like is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher in NYC like well um um okay okay. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at the so well so you know like I mean Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before relocating I mean like I mean well uh okay to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her career; like okay well uh you know so during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was well you know well well I mean okay appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan uh okay um like well okay Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of okay okay um um I mean I mean this game, and with the scores 1 - 0 he well well um so uh you know wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled in I mean you know okay you know you know um Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure will be allowed I mean okay I mean you know I mean um to graduate as Schenley alumni until the last class graduates uh uh I mean you know you know like in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - so uh okay so okay uh long landing field and an apron with a capacity of seven you know you know well so uh well aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough you know like uh well um I mean for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the okay I mean I mean okay I mean well 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where I mean well I mean okay like well he develops a crush on Garnet before he uh you know I mean I mean you know well was turned down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where you know so okay I mean uh um he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner like uh you know well um you know Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and his family well okay so uh um like being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the operating so okay so you know uh like system for malloc and other software with its own versions which well well you know you know okay so help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian like I mean like uh so okay computer scientist, a professor of computer science at the University so you know like like okay like of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of so like uh so uh well Argentine football in 2000, he played for four well well I mean you know like okay different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually I mean well uh like um like helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of okay like um so like uh equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at two um like uh like you know so ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in um I mean like uh you know um the MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which is um uh well I mean uh okay slated to be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed so you know uh okay uh uh with a serious fault with a heart valve, which so uh so well um like cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or uh um like uh like uh difuntas) and there is normally a baked tear drop so uh you know um well uh on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog um okay okay so you know well - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 like well you know well okay so locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from um uh you know I mean I mean you know Japan, and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive uh so well um you know um was capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and hydrated well like like um um so lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was made, but um I mean um I mean so okay the only member of the band featured was Amos since uh well like um like you know by then, unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic um okay okay you know well I mean Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made like so okay um um like with their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who you know uh like okay uh so has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff well well like I mean you know I mean Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the final was uh okay so uh um so now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the you know okay um um so I mean 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will you know so I mean uh uh so be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free I mean like so um well uh the captives, which resulted in the Battle of um okay so I mean um I mean Magdala, during which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a uh uh like like I mean um pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, so okay okay like so so the Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim um uh uh well I mean I mean scholars, leaders and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi like um uh well well like (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier you know well okay um well um government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students um you know I mean like um well to earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within like like so um uh you know the squad and soon receive a call - up I mean well so well um well to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in you know um uh um I mean um July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24 like so um uh you know uh. 1 In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to so so like well uh well see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved like you know uh so okay okay on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his uh uh so well um I mean coaching career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and I mean you know I mean you know like okay came to live in the New World where like I mean okay uh like I mean they intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show I mean so I mean I mean um I mean at Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, he you know okay I mean um um okay also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of you know so so um okay like horizontal layers, but the strata has been tilted associated with the formation uh uh uh uh you know well of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has created the you know well so uh so uh distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only uh you know so you know so like goes to the fair, but later on that night kisses I mean um I mean like uh uh and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first I mean uh so uh um um settled when the train station was settled around well well I mean like um um and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento uh um um I mean like so (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It uh um uh um so I mean is a good day to die ') is illustrated well you know okay well uh um with a story explaining that' This is an uh uh I mean so like so extremely common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used I mean I mean um you know so so to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from the like you know okay uh like so University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which David um so well okay I mean I mean was born and holds a deed is uh well okay um I mean so now home to a strategic military base, and if David is um like well so I mean you know declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily um okay you know um you know so African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide uh I mean you know uh I mean like a course of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, USDA, I mean okay you know like uh you know the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon okay I mean I mean okay well you know who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers well so um uh so uh a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front of you know I mean you know okay you know you know Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born so like uh okay okay well 24 October 1974 in London), is the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an so like you know so you know like elevated pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the I mean so I mean um I mean uh Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, uh you know uh you know well you know Inc. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 well like I mean you know um okay real estate offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, which uh I mean I mean okay so so in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in you know uh um uh so uh the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good so okay like like uh I mean friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at um you know well you know you know I mean an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, I mean um I mean you know like um which highlighted the main factor between the relative I mean um like okay I mean um success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in 1928, like okay um uh I mean okay and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is I mean I mean like well you know I mean a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David so so like um uh I mean Kennedy of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer uh like so so um you know Atom Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels um I mean um I mean you know okay & Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released um you know you know so I mean you know a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing so well well uh I mean um this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of I mean I mean well okay uh well the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from like so you know uh you know um American University's School of International Service you know so okay I mean okay okay (SIS) in 1984; and, she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University of Oslo is named like I mean um so like like Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of like uh um uh okay uh Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent so well uh so you know I mean of France for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director you know like uh okay okay like David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - so well um um um so Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in um um you know you know so uh the factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade uh um so you know you know um and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan you know you know uh uh like okay de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went you know uh uh you know so you know offline on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect I mean uh so you know um okay Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 uh um so well um well for Antigua and then Canada where he would go on like like okay I mean okay like to design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at uh uh I mean um like so his performance media company Socialist were being approached by small so I mean like uh so um business community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by well you know okay well um well hand with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic you know I mean okay like um like milkshake machines which freeze and serve a premade milkshake uh okay so okay okay you know mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American you know well okay like uh okay football coach and former player who is the offensive uh like okay like like you know line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 well so uh like you know uh in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on I mean I mean like you know okay uh 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is so so um you know okay like a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently I mean so uh so uh you know plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city well well uh you know okay uh of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, I mean um well I mean um okay including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who um um like uh okay you know is currently a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field well uh well okay okay uh test agency of the Air Force Special Operations Command located at well uh you know like I mean I mean Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost you know okay so well like so in Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery well I mean well um uh you know has one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / well okay you know okay okay so engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora uh um I mean uh uh uh Park had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied anthropology so you know okay so like um at the University of Iowa where he attended on an Army I mean okay you know like I mean you know ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic so uh so um so you know Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold like you know so I mean so so 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four like um um um um well wall stones, two aligned along an east - westerly I mean so like I mean okay you know axis and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had like so you know well um so an intimate / romantic relationship in the past, like um well like um um but he did want to marry her into a relationship uh you know okay so uh uh that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and um okay I mean okay okay you know used as a substitute for Composition B in large general okay um well I mean I mean like purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though like uh I mean so uh um this name has fallen out of favour, and some biologists like like I mean okay so okay feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, well you know okay you know like I mean a gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin okay I mean like I mean you know uh called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of Inverness, um uh you know well like so Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and so well um like you know um Ang Phu were unable to return to Base Four before um well well okay well like dark and were forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in like I mean um I mean uh like quest for troops among loyal lords, and managed to get so like like like well I mean 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the uh so well you know so like Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the I mean so okay you know you know like adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and okay I mean I mean so okay you know Matalam majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton uh uh you know like well well but after crowned All - American Superior and Miss uh I mean um like um you know Wright State of OHIO out of high like so you know okay like okay school, she achieved a scholarship to attend Wright State University um I mean I mean you know um well and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a I mean um I mean okay well so song by Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single so um okay okay uh so released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and like um like uh well I mean its special defense is above - average, making this a like you know like well like you know good Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed uh like okay you know you know okay by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his well uh so uh so uh faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential I mean you know okay so uh well nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he um um uh I mean um like was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another paper you know like okay okay uh uh on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing um uh like well I mean um her image; but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which was you know you know I mean uh well like judged a split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he well I mean uh you know okay uh and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author Karin I mean like uh okay you know you know Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled so I mean I mean you know I mean so in a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch so I mean okay you know uh you know package where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many you know uh um so well so hundreds of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th century um I mean uh I mean uh I mean by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises um okay like so well well between Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures uh like um I mean um you know as the section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac well okay well like okay uh and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, so you know like um I mean uh performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during uh I mean you know so so well which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before um uh well so okay okay the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to modify like uh uh uh uh uh the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the 2006 festival well you know like like I mean well season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census and was like okay um I mean uh like drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J you know I mean uh um well I mean. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon I mean you know so so uh well and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics start okay so you know like so um - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is so well okay so okay I mean a 2012 American horror film written and directed by well you know so uh okay like Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, so okay uh um um okay and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was okay like okay well so okay viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became I mean I mean okay uh okay so the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as officers so I mean um okay I mean um in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers (Linda Meek) I mean you know uh you know uh you know joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had well so I mean well um like elevators with a cut - out for rudder movement and okay I mean um well I mean okay it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels I mean I mean so so uh I mean on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 uh you know I mean um like like kilometres from Johor Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai uh like well like uh well International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a species so you know I mean okay like well of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as I mean you know well I mean well so the factory was turned over to produce like well so um um I mean munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath like I mean um uh um so and kept a very low profile and, after um so like you know so you know many years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got uh um like like you know okay very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking okay um uh uh uh uh they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) well uh I mean I mean you know um is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter well I mean well so like well Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, okay uh okay you know I mean okay 1970) was the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public I mean okay so okay I mean so amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the so well I mean uh you know so amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta I mean like I mean well like well Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, uh you know I mean you know okay I mean which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews um well I mean like I mean uh with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - scale okay well uh well I mean you know fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that so so well I mean like well Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, you know I mean uh I mean like okay and Jay believes he will also be implicated, well um like so so uh which he is, as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports okay uh so like okay like were recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, so uh well um I mean like a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted uh I mean like so uh well & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species uh like uh well so okay of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist Mick um like like I mean well so Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, well like uh okay um so Sundarban Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the park um like okay well well um at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or uh like I mean um like so going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, okay so uh like like so dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by you know okay okay you know um um this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish okay you know um you know well um in New York City and was designated a well okay um um uh okay landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw I mean well you know uh like so as too theoretical and he was generally on bad terms okay so you know well okay okay with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, you know you know so you know like so approximately half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) became flustered like you know so you know so uh when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the stink bomb that you know like um okay you know well was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do like you know well so um okay not take account of factors such as soil structure like well okay okay um I mean or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica like so so okay okay um proved ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams well okay like um um so like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached well well well okay okay you know their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have you know I mean I mean okay uh like as much as one - third of the well I mean you know I mean so uh floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as an um well you know um okay like avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his coachbuilt okay like um uh well well Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German I mean I mean um you know uh um basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and so I mean like you know like so new Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on so um like so so I mean the type while serving as the co-pilot during okay I mean okay well so uh operational tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, but you know like I mean uh I mean like a grander destination was planned for the deceased chief executive; I mean well like uh uh you know in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season so okay you know um uh uh at Everton where he was regularly used as back okay well like well well you know up for new signing James Beattie in January 2006, it was uh you know okay like I mean you know announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in I mean well um uh I mean so the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role so well uh well well um in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper so okay uh um so so Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, like like okay well well uh Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive okay you know like um like well Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on so um so like so you know the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when okay uh okay um um I mean he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the um you know so okay so um mini-map to instantly jump to that location; however, the I mean okay I mean I mean like okay mini-map does not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards uh like uh well you know I mean who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared like so you know um um okay with the 1973 versions due to the newly I mean so you know so so um required 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of you know okay like you know uh you know naïve realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that okay well I mean uh like so a majority of the population, who arguably subscribe so I mean you know um you know so to naïve common sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the best uh okay okay uh uh you know hand against the last player, but gets rivered and um I mean I mean so well well falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II I mean uh you know so like you know and Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a okay um okay well well I mean Canadian Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used by like um I mean uh so I mean Native Siberians at the time; the breed came I mean um so uh so uh to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP I mean like like like you know like / IPSec and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, well so okay you know like uh the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', departed uh so I mean so I mean well from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns um I mean you know uh so uh that Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS like like you know um so you know the single was named the most played song on um you know you know like okay you know Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) well so like so I mean you know graduated from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is well you know uh okay so okay an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an okay you know like like um so extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says like like uh uh like like no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), so okay okay well so well also reached number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained um so you know I mean like I mean weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints well I mean so uh like you know compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the you know okay so so like like first to adopt the council - manager form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for you know uh um okay um so the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League I mean I mean you know you know like I mean (CHL), and was recognized for his on and off you know okay uh so you know you know - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer standard and uh uh uh well like so like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses the DVB okay like I mean I mean um so IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 physicians well like okay um um you know complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ um um so okay I mean you know 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based on cooperation I mean so I mean like um I mean on many issues in international forums, a strong commitment to okay I mean like you know uh okay global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple so I mean like so you know well in the middle of the performing area because such well I mean I mean like you know well 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run um well um uh you know um by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns you know I mean you know like uh well and was secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union um like okay well um you know from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by um I mean you know like you know I mean splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County okay like well uh well um was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets under I mean so well I mean you know well management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his I mean um you know okay uh like plan for the original arc was about like uh like I mean okay okay Jane Doe's inner life, struggling to get out of the situation you know I mean you know like I mean you know she is trapped in, noting that the main characteristics of okay okay well like you know you know the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the um okay well I mean uh uh Turks during the Russo - Turkish War in so like okay um so you know 1877, when it was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars so you know well I mean well so Oblast, and it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting so you know uh uh okay okay in 1957, which later moved its city of license like I mean okay you know um I mean and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile you know okay um I mean well well and one eighth and finished second again, this time like I mean um so well so to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became so I mean well uh you know like Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the like I mean um well I mean well 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by I mean well I mean I mean uh you know the Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot well um um well um well travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center you know uh so uh I mean um in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call like so okay like uh I mean for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by um well so like you know well the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is uh well okay so um so a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active you know like so you know like well between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints rolled like okay well well um I mean in one minute is actually a 15 year old like you know like um like uh boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial so well so like well well Workers of the World miners' strike which led to over okay well you know you know I mean um 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he so um so like um well gets the courage to ask if he can see her okay uh you know I mean like you know again and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' well okay well well like I mean band Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air uh like okay okay well like pollution until she left the school in 1977, becoming more um like well so so you know interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as like you know like like like okay well as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on um okay I mean okay okay uh the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which I mean um well uh uh like starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in The well like like uh like um Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade okay you know okay um I mean okay journal, 'Dog Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy like like uh I mean well like and Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great so well uh like okay uh War, August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started okay I mean you know um I mean um teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's favorite model, like so well okay like well and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived I mean so so like so like except in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed well uh so so okay um for the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert so so I mean okay you know you know Shield / Desert Storm and later landed in well um um okay well um Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for Natives you know you know um I mean you know you know under the terms of the Crown - in - right - like okay like you know well um of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping um okay so okay I mean um rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to an you know you know you know you know okay so Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control all uh so um uh um um dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan uh well so uh okay you know Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in you know like um okay I mean okay relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport um I mean like like I mean okay or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport serving I mean I mean okay I mean well I mean Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a defunct airport, which okay you know okay uh um I mean was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo - Saxons; um okay um so I mean well at least fifty surviving English churches are of Anglo - Saxon you know I mean I mean uh I mean so origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were I mean okay like so um like required as a Weatherman, did put a bit of a okay you know like okay you know okay strain on her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he uh so like uh okay I mean was part of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and is you know I mean I mean well uh I mean based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast like okay well well uh um in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in uh okay well I mean uh like January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by A. J um so okay like well well. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer - shell well uh okay like you know well and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are uh um okay I mean uh um down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets you know you know so I mean so okay out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The um you know um um so so Friend' in 1887, and while some believed he used it well you know uh okay so you know to pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist like okay uh so um um from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is best so I mean so you know um like known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area across uh uh okay so uh like the international border in the United States, and therefore is well um you know so I mean well counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media you know okay well uh okay you know in 1986 when he created a new society to um um okay uh um like invite the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after uh I mean uh um like like the International Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late um well so I mean so I mean 19th and early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed well okay well okay I mean well their constitutions and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, okay I mean like so okay um having regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith um um I mean I mean like uh - Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community well uh okay I mean uh okay development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, I mean you know I mean like okay uh build infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect you know well like I mean well uh and assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, well uh so so you know okay although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to you know uh you know okay um well Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft and well like I mean well okay um with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting place for young you know so so um um you know artists but by the end of the war I mean like well well um I mean the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and in like uh I mean well like okay 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the westbound like okay um well well um carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon an accident you know I mean uh like uh I mean involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in okay I mean um so like uh 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated I mean well well like I mean so with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester I mean uh I mean well like uh City relegated, however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling like okay um okay I mean okay club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to I mean I mean uh you know well you know deploy to a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - so okay so you know um you know 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is I mean uh um um you know so an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended okay okay I mean well well I mean to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth so well um uh um you know Hunters' was released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's okay well okay um uh I mean personal growth as she learns to cope with a so well so you know so I mean society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the you know I mean you know you know I mean okay otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- like you know you know uh uh uh an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew uh okay uh okay I mean like fruits) may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, like you know well like I mean uh Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury I mean um um so so um and in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the uh I mean uh I mean uh uh Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased like um I mean I mean um like in order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets so like so well like um which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, like you know um um uh uh will double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts I mean uh okay uh well you know in Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 so okay um like so so and was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies um uh uh I mean um uh have incentives to replenish their forests, large demands for well uh um like I mean so paper lead to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners that uh so well you know uh okay continued to work in the American Canyon, but by okay uh so I mean you know okay that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from okay you know I mean well I mean well the plane of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of like like well okay like like her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and well I mean okay um uh like were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 April well uh you know well well I mean 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the second son of okay um um I mean uh so Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim okay you know uh I mean well like Tracks were recorded at Channel One and played by uh um okay um um um The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three uh well okay like okay like 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with at like I mean I mean well uh um least a B grade, and maintain a minimum 3 um like I mean so so um. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) so so so um um okay is a Cuban - American actress best known um like uh you know I mean I mean for her portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC I mean I mean I mean so uh I mean daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 well okay like uh so well people and there was widespread sadness at his death; he you know you know you know like I mean well was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently you know okay well like you know well a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to market; um uh well you know um um this not only brought about transfer of the transportation from other um like I mean uh so uh routes to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented the like well so like um uh Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 like um I mean okay you know you know families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum assured well so I mean well I mean like of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to Whitesboro, you know uh okay like like I mean Texas, he chose to remain remain in okay like uh like you know like Indian Territory, where he supported himself by working a variety of okay you know okay you know um uh odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the son of well like I mean I mean like I mean Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large um well um well you know I mean areas either side for storing luggage they were a so I mean I mean uh um um very versatile type of coach and could be found okay uh so like um uh all over the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly like like um uh okay like suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich okay um so I mean like you know from the 1970s and early 1980s of the same you know okay um so like uh name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the like um um so so like British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson uh okay so well okay you know City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister I mean okay you know okay uh so claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse so well um okay you know um meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a uh okay uh you know like well paper - and - pencil test; since January 27, I mean um uh uh well so 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the okay like I mean uh uh I mean nineties but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section I mean so I mean like like okay between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United okay uh you know um so uh States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter well I mean so you know okay well was the most famous, after being fired from the you know um okay um you know okay Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic you know like okay you know like well City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home like okay uh so you know um 216 Maintenance Unit RAF, the site was renamed you know well you know I mean like um St George'sBarracks and went on to become the regional okay well okay so I mean so centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, okay like you know uh okay like together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in well okay uh you know like like Montclair, New Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified I mean uh so okay okay um as a machine gun by the United States like um you know well okay you know and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long so um uh well so okay been an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling okay um uh you know um like and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type well like okay you know so I mean known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight so um um so I mean you know Into Terrain) and that there were no defects okay uh um like um um with the aircraft or its systems which contributed to so well like you know okay well the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' you know um okay well well um in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi I mean like I mean well well well Omaar the famous elder and businesman, he was born okay I mean okay you know uh well in Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young like like like um well okay brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE I mean like I mean so like like under the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the I mean like you know well okay well NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun uh like you know well uh like professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International you know I mean okay you know well like Airport was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her work um uh well uh okay so as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', um like uh you know well okay and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League in okay like so I mean you know like Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) was a um so like I mean so so businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and politician um like you know like so like born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March 5, I mean I mean um you know okay um 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, best like so I mean so uh like known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA and PhD you know I mean I mean uh uh you know from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 respectively, uh well like so um well returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida like um um so you know um and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the I mean I mean you know well like so novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is so um okay well like like an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race you know well okay um so so in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present - day town well okay I mean like uh well of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at you know so okay you know you know uh September 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval uh I mean uh uh um I mean expeditions to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, so okay uh um like well and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the well like you know okay you know okay lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the Ohio River flood like okay okay like um okay of 1937, as research had shown that 4 % of uh like uh um uh um the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was too embarrassed like I mean like well so um to be seen with him, and this incident I mean you know you know well uh uh went on to mar his first day at the school where you know uh okay well okay uh his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created um um so I mean like like by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism well so um uh like I mean as they spend public money this is why democratic governments um um um you know um you know are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew uh I mean okay I mean I mean uh up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- 20 so well I mean um so um Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns I mean okay you know okay so like in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development I mean okay um so I mean well Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became one okay uh like um so well of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, I mean like uh well you know so previously they were done from a small trackside platform, and so I mean um well um okay prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B. A so okay uh okay I mean so. From Boston College, started working as a bond trader at so like like well well so Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval I mean you know okay okay um I mean bridges and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, okay well okay you know um well destroying any White Whale members that were near, okay like um I mean okay uh and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an well okay um okay okay like American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated I mean okay I mean well well like at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door and um well uh um I mean okay no cold steel up a driver's leg but the so you know well uh well uh petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler I mean I mean well well okay okay was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an article so you know like so um um because it spoils the plot if that would interfere you know uh okay um well you know with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium okay so you know you know uh like is thinner than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and like I mean uh um uh okay convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted you know I mean well so uh uh of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian you know I mean you know well well I mean Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit well you know I mean um uh you know in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins so I mean like like uh I mean and a photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for you know I mean uh um I mean I mean Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in so like I mean well uh well San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers okay uh well um well you know in 'Recess', one of the mail men in okay um I mean uh well uh 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock Rock' and you know okay you know I mean uh like later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', concerning uh well okay well um so a young couple on a road trip in Oregon uh so I mean so so okay when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to - day um I mean like okay okay um tasks in the house, and be a 24 hour uh um um so like um personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and well uh well you know you know um the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) is like uh well I mean okay well an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed the so um you know you know I mean I mean previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent um I mean uh well okay so capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, so well you know um well okay surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story like well I mean you know um I mean structure set into the hill, with a frame board and like uh um okay you know well batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a like well I mean uh like well user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared I mean so uh so like you know as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew from you know well like so um okay Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a so well I mean um you know uh high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the well so I mean like so you know staff and prisoners are free to leave through like I mean well you know you know like the one available exit - the front door okay well um um I mean okay and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was like you know like I mean so uh 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and I mean so I mean well um like an half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop okay so so I mean so I mean with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, but in like well so okay you know you know June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, you know okay uh um so I mean a post he has held since 1984, and was chairman of um you know so uh you know okay the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, but uses uh uh uh like so so his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu and I mean well uh I mean like I mean daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later Empress like okay so uh um so Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and like so so like well like Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a spot uh well so well uh like called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, which well um okay you know so uh would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad from you know like like uh I mean I mean Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books you know okay um uh so I mean published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was like well like um so um a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for uh um um like okay um Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the most popular uh well I mean you know well well Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office like you know well you know okay you know of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University like um uh uh uh I mean Graduate School of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present you know well so like so okay 3D films in some theaters, and they can be used to um okay so uh I mean so present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish okay I mean I mean uh so okay as purely an issue of syllable structure is that um I mean you know well so you know the language has undergone various phonetic changes due to you know I mean I mean uh um uh which not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of I mean you know uh uh okay well DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the like um I mean okay I mean I mean Department of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk in Nueva like I mean well I mean so I mean Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi, and you know uh okay so um so on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought so like uh uh so okay for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do not I mean so well um like you know require treatment, and have no long term well so I mean I mean okay um negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to St Peter okay so uh um well like and described as the Church of Westleigh in Leigh, its dedication I mean well well so uh I mean changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring I mean like you know like like well her most well - known role - although they also um like I mean I mean okay like speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its like you know I mean you know so you know stories were partly based on real people and events, so um okay um okay I mean and several years passed before it was adapted from well uh you know okay well uh a play performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small forest well well okay like well I mean for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family of okay you know you know uh I mean uh profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for low you know uh I mean like you know well - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol you know uh um okay um well (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 I mean so uh so like so litre W12 engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm well so well so I mean like and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: well uh well so like uh save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town you know well so okay like so located on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she you know so uh I mean you know uh was a teenager and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage um uh well well like I mean centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and um so like uh um like by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a I mean okay you know so you know okay suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the like I mean okay like like um Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong like so okay okay like okay listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after like you know well like so you know extensive consultation with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts uh you know okay I mean you know so and philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his um like so you know well I mean father's original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat okay um so well okay well from other people to the ocean, is among the okay okay so uh well okay most famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary um okay like I mean okay you know about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the uh um um I mean well um video game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of uh okay uh like uh like Owari han, he served as chamberlain during World you know uh well so like I mean War II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording of you know well uh um you know okay Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling him okay um I mean okay okay okay of the burnt train containing the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on a so I mean like I mean I mean okay full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a flying um okay you know uh uh you know disc, especially over long distances: its low profile you know uh like um okay you know can make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in okay uh like well um I mean particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon so okay you know okay okay like Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such as um you know well well you know like the ability to hire two henchman at once and the okay you know so so I mean I mean increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a you know um you know you know I mean so piece of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, I mean you know so um so you know and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an um like so so I mean um offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris you know um you know um you know okay kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the I mean you know I mean I mean you know uh street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the you know well like I mean like I mean 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took uh so uh okay um so place on March 5, 2008 as a single - um I mean you know okay okay you know elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West okay well so like uh you know Point market will move to the of WTVA; uh uh well so uh okay before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, um you know okay uh okay well and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky debris, well you know you know okay so I mean feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side well uh uh so you know like of the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the spire uh well so um you know like unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player well like so like uh so. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival uh so you know like uh uh was planned to be presentation of the CD, release date well uh so like I mean like was deelayed up to the May, 2006, because of the I mean I mean okay um well okay negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently completed you know uh I mean uh I mean so an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass you know okay I mean like um well guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award - well you know well okay uh um winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of you know okay I mean well uh uh 'Anything Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most like like well well I mean you know recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core CA tasks, you know okay so so like um Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues well well um well uh I mean for the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded so okay uh well you know you know in March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German I mean I mean so you know I mean so guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) um you know like so you know well choice was going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted uh like so so I mean so to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, like well okay um you know um 1935) was an American lawyer and politician who was New York um uh like so I mean well Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default uh I mean um uh you know like file system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it well like uh so uh so is 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / Persian uh so well well um okay / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, Action Director, well like okay so like you know Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released well um uh um like you know in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again invited I mean like okay okay I mean well to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In December, however, so um like you know um you know the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event um okay okay um uh well was held in 2009; it was canceled twice uh um uh I mean so well due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), well uh uh you know okay I mean in operation since 1 January 2000, was created by you know okay I mean like so I mean merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - so okay you know I mean so well house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was of you know um like um well I mean relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each well so um okay I mean like service (Navy, Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to I mean well well well you know okay take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest um okay I mean well so um summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been I mean like well I mean I mean uh named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary in okay uh okay well well well 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland also well okay you know okay like uh gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and I mean uh well I mean um well moved to Canada, but he died of cancer and well so like uh so okay she returned to Britain and obtained a post at I mean so uh like okay I mean the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and like I mean like um I mean you know forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - like well so you know okay um 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his album you know uh you know well so okay 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted to uh you know um um okay okay extinction within the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to um like I mean well like uh spend the day drinking in the local pub. As um like I mean um so uh a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is like you know uh you know like you know a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a I mean uh well um um you know Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a liquid well like you know uh well well medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to affect um like okay so okay uh hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true I mean well like I mean I mean so features would last longer (this is the meaning of PERSISTENT), okay um okay uh well okay short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH I mean um okay like well okay Zurich and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in um well well uh you know well 1918, the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, uh uh you know I mean uh so but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, like like well I mean like so publishing a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple um uh so so like like vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often well um so like uh okay referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film studio like you know you know well you know I mean based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 you know you know okay okay I mean okay in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for uh well like well I mean you know his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than you know like um so um okay the titanic, so he worked with a Dallas I mean so um so you know um company to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals well um um you know like well in the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, so so okay like uh okay cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian okay so uh um um you know empire, concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had um well well well uh okay some roles in mainstream film and television, including you know well okay I mean you know I mean guest appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a like like um uh um so cruel remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently well uh well you know like like deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord you know well okay so uh um Renly's armor during the Battle of the Blackwater, and uh so I mean I mean uh I mean the sight of what seemed to be a dead man leading okay I mean you know well you know uh the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies you know uh like okay well uh as son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, you know so like okay um like Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a well so like like well well rail link to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything I mean uh okay I mean so okay else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on uh well so um so um a 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a synonym of like I mean okay like um so 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman I mean so um okay um uh and Scott Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 okay uh um well well so Unlimited is used as the game's main theme (for the PC you know um well well like okay version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's the um okay I mean okay I mean like one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and has like like I mean like okay you know a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV 15) so well like you know you know I mean is a small Public - access television cable TV station, well well like you know so I mean founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was previously so uh well um I mean uh convicted of four counts of risk of injury to a I mean I mean well okay you know uh minor, or impairing the morals of a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and I mean well uh well um like she currently is single and holds intense anger towards Richard um um so like so you know for ruining their wedding, and also became furious to learn okay so uh um so um she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were uh okay uh well um well treated for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department like I mean well um uh so of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns um so well uh well okay who consequently began a long study of what he like okay um so uh um saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting I mean so okay okay well well in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, so so um uh well um Virginia, and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, presenting no um so uh okay I mean so ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more integrative you know uh I mean so so okay approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands ( you know like um I mean like I mean including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code for I mean okay like uh um well the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian I mean uh well um like uh DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the development of so like um uh so you know the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James I mean well um okay so um Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in I mean I mean so okay uh uh Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first well um like I mean you know like presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 like okay like you know okay um -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on like I mean I mean I mean um uh the screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The you know so okay so like like Magus'; 'The Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in like well you know you know uh um 2009, following the death of his father earlier that year, and um uh I mean like so you know debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for okay like I mean I mean okay like Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a well uh so I mean so like new seven - year contract with MGM as so well I mean so uh okay a result, but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have well you know I mean okay like so urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus I mean you know well um so well indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus you know so uh uh I mean I mean giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own children um you know you know like um um into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and attended like you know you know okay I mean like the University of Arizona State, where she was the well uh so so you know I mean starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead I mean you know you know you know okay uh the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge well you know okay um okay like between Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a you know you know like well um okay construction permit for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee well uh well I mean like okay itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis okay okay um I mean so okay Israel and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age uh well well um so you know of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to live with um so okay so like okay her Uncle and his two wives (New Aunt and okay okay uh like okay um Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted so okay like okay okay uh Syme on a journey back from Asia, and had the okay so you know well so you know island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there like well you know like well uh have been new browsers coming onto the scence, many of um I mean like like so like these are open source meaning that they tend to uh you know you know um you know you know have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or okay so okay okay I mean so on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located so so I mean uh okay um on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour so so I mean um I mean uh of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to finish in well um okay like like um 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New uh I mean well I mean I mean well York Athletic Club and focused on making the Olympic Team, like um so I mean well well training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan disclosed okay well okay okay okay I mean his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, appearing publicly so well okay so I mean okay for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is like um so I mean well you know reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of um I mean you know well like so the venue was started, new side sectors with roof well you know you know um well you know covers were built and the media sectors were well so uh you know so you know expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to you know well you know I mean well I mean dive into the exciting and ever - changing world of uh um um I mean you know okay IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during um so um you know like okay which time it was discovered that in addition to I mean I mean so so um um his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and areas of like well um I mean you know okay the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the quarter you know you know like you know so so - final match against Denmark; this meant that um okay okay well you know okay Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by so uh like I mean um you know 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and okay I mean like well like you know is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under um okay so like you know I mean their banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt well you know I mean okay well I mean. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved I mean you know um uh like I mean surprise and Japanese air forces could not muster you know I mean you know you know okay uh a counter-attack, the enemy knew that the Americans okay uh um like um well were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American War uh I mean I mean uh okay I mean Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers because well like like uh okay you know their display of a flag with a blue like um uh I mean so so star for a son on active service and well um I mean like okay so a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to you know I mean you know well you know I mean use him in a plot to conquer the Savage okay okay so you know um like Land; after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a you know like okay uh okay uh camp in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's um um you know I mean okay um Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various like I mean okay well you know okay senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he is well you know um um I mean well amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he does to um you know uh well um like torture her does not demoralise her as she is so like so so um so already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and like you know you know I mean like you know Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a like like okay well well I mean box - section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on okay well well you know like you know all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, this okay so um like so I mean variant had been specifically designed for the dual - okay uh so okay uh you know role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, well you know like uh um you know overseeing the ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one well I mean well okay uh well of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, like uh uh so I mean uh and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin I mean you know um I mean like well Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies so um um well you know well and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading okay um so well uh like series of shut downs and a major regional uh like I mean okay like well blackout, such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts okay I mean well so okay you know of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of um uh you know I mean um well Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that I mean you know uh you know uh well were sold to either individuals or to the corporations so well well um you know uh of an entire industry, while the railroads at the time, okay okay I mean you know so well still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local so okay you know I mean like I mean preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention well so so I mean um well and it considered grievances against British rule and the okay uh um I mean well okay 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive uh okay so like um like corruption, abuse of power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy okay um um I mean so uh tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda you know like I mean um um uh B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the well uh like I mean I mean okay east coast of the United States and in The you know um uh okay so you know Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there um you know you know you know you know well is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual okay um I mean so uh so once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have um uh well like I mean um been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is um like you know well uh well an American singer - songwriter who is best known I mean um well I mean I mean so for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the fruit uh um uh well um okay vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary I mean okay um I mean uh uh glaciation when sea levels were much lower - the you know um you know okay okay okay analysis of stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that so well well like uh like formation took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former well like well so um uh outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original um I mean um okay well so Chevrolet Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s I mean um I mean uh um um the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by well um you know you know so um her stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, I mean uh okay so uh like often cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal like okay um so um uh for the design of an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment uses so okay okay okay well like opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated like uh so well um I mean with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the okay uh I mean so um well fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Humbard purchased you know I mean well like uh you know the building as part of a nondenominational Bible like you know okay okay well so college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural norms um so um well um you know and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as um so I mean okay like so one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with um like so uh so um RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, they well I mean well well well well would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, well okay so so like like the first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', um uh uh I mean you know I mean is a large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from like uh uh like I mean okay remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed I mean uh I mean um okay well acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that I mean you know um like so uh the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, I mean like well well okay so an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, um so well I mean uh um Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as both so you know I mean uh you know I mean started singing at Sunday school and through basic education like um so so uh uh and also performing in various high schools and participating uh well you know like um uh at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and passes through okay so uh like so I mean the northern part of the city of like you know like okay well okay Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders you know okay okay like uh uh such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with you know okay uh well well um the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely okay okay you know um you know uh postponing the recording of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on like so um um I mean like the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of I mean okay um I mean you know so Prokhorovka, they also took part in recapturing of Orel you know well you know well well well and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself I mean um okay like so you know - by the early 1960s the population exceeded okay I mean so you know I mean you know the 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War okay so uh okay I mean you know II population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski were um I mean like uh um um arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and she okay so I mean I mean so so won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm like well you know like I mean you know of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single so you know so okay uh so - season club records with 22 home runs well um like um so like and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established I mean like well well like okay notions and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest like I mean uh like uh um years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with um okay uh well like uh established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was um um like well well so caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the well well you know okay like I mean Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an uh you know well uh so I mean American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian uh okay you know okay uh so professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- I mean well well I mean you know okay 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a second like so well um okay well consecutive 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in so um um um like you know a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and I mean like you know um you know uh two members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated um uh okay like well like and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of uh uh uh like okay uh Alfred Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small uh you know I mean you know you know well brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to so okay um uh so okay establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block I mean you know you know so so so owned by Cork County Council and housing its administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - like I mean uh uh so uh specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship I mean okay okay you know okay I mean with Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship uh I mean so okay uh I mean with him and reveals that she is imitating her life uh I mean uh uh I mean I mean as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara like so I mean um uh like scrambles for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later I mean uh I mean um okay I mean confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down um so so I mean I mean so and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and um so I mean I mean I mean uh forced an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 uh okay so you know I mean well kind of needles, the needle most common used is you know I mean you know okay um okay 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on like so well like you know um to new levels, which means that the complexity and I mean uh I mean uh well well level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 well um well you know like well - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and so I mean you know like okay uh aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful effects I mean well well you know well uh on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting okay like well I mean you know um Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and well well okay uh uh you know turf that today are Grade 1 events and in the uh like so uh you know okay U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number you know um I mean you know I mean well of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was I mean you know uh uh okay well criminal damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to play twentyone well okay um you know okay um games, scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before signing uh okay um you know like well an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or um like um well um I mean card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district like so like okay well so in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta okay uh like okay so okay even not knowing the language and to live the um okay um like you know well Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which um okay like um uh uh many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, okay um you know okay well uh then faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she founded and um uh well like like um was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a group that well well okay so you know I mean was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from you know like uh you know so well Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used I mean okay so um um okay by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, well um I mean okay I mean so materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years I mean like I mean okay like okay later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and like I mean well you know I mean you know she began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear I mean I mean you know okay um like cause but is believed to be the result of okay well I mean like well well non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir Mehmood, um so you know uh well uh Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by um okay well well I mean like Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was uh so like you know like okay widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named um so um um so uh by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being 28 uh like like uh so like stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the um so you know uh well you know indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood so I mean well you know like okay of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts you know like I mean I mean uh um in Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, you know you know well um I mean like where her parents decided to separate; she and you know okay like so um well her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from you know um uh um you know you know 24 October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance uh uh so like like I mean Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the um you know like like you know so larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture I mean um like so so like with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, okay uh like so uh you know is a two - year campus of the University okay well I mean okay uh uh of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, so I mean uh well like um as well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to um like well well okay uh do so through his famous three - volume 'History of um um so um um uh Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods so you know you know well uh okay after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near uh you know uh you know I mean okay modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning approaches, so I mean like you know like um including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, okay so you know uh um like internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to um well you know okay you know okay students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical well um so I mean uh like basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the 2011 like uh like uh okay you know NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from you know okay I mean okay you know well the battle but takes long time to reach as he you know well I mean like okay like forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence like uh so so like okay service, the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship management okay you know um like um okay companies operated in Monaco and is the current Operator of the well like you know well I mean uh QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, so I mean uh so you know well result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which uh I mean like so like uh prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting okay so so like uh so the system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood um I mean you know uh uh I mean -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' so um I mean you know you know uh -- and the destructor arrives in the form of well um I mean okay well um a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and okay you know so I mean you know okay perform on stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the Downtown um okay well so okay well Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa in like um you know so well okay 1919, to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had uh you know so um you know okay built some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the I mean I mean uh well okay so third attempt; the resulting great field position led to Iowa taking you know um uh well I mean um the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie you know well okay so uh um on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the um um you know well uh you know gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was so you know like so you know uh to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after that and so okay so uh uh uh the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd so you know okay um you know um championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a so um um so okay well marble - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 uh uh okay so well uh different types of marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian like um so well well I mean pilasters supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and well um so okay okay you know he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald & uh you know you know well you know okay Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to um okay well well uh um the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most okay you know you know uh like you know popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at so well well like okay you know Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was you know you know well so like um known as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker okay okay I mean okay uh like Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being systematically looted okay well okay I mean you know uh and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress you know well you know like okay um and voice actress who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
