2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of digital so okay uh you know um so like image processing in which the image resolution, or amount of you know like um I mean well okay I mean detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision um uh well like um uh well - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of a like well uh uh okay okay you know complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, well um you know okay um you know okay Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars Minor well so so like uh okay like and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms you know okay uh okay you know um um Park and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms um well okay you know like I mean like Park for the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the uh uh like okay like so you know 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group so okay you know so okay well okay by equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian film um so like well uh you know uh producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered so like okay um well like like by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic you know um you know like I mean um um Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use like I mean like uh um uh so of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The you know so so um so um uh Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot well like well okay you know I mean I mean on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second uh so uh uh well well uh US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it you know well uh um um I mean well as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October well uh um I mean so well you know 2007 but he now works for Human Rights Watch uh uh like well well um well in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities located at you know you know you know uh so so you know a maximum distance of from the city, and with 446, so I mean so um uh well um 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male uh well like like I mean so like prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next okay so you know so uh like uh day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that um I mean okay um uh well like it is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center of so well okay like you know so you know the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the Cherchell I mean like I mean uh like okay well Museum houses what are widely considered to be the uh so uh um so I mean um some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser I mean so um um well like uh importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer you know I mean so um you know you know uh Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside so I mean okay I mean like uh uh the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married okay you know I mean like um uh uh in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained to um I mean okay uh uh like okay the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry is one so well uh okay I mean uh so such scholar whose research reveals that public servants tend to you know um so you know okay you know you know be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly okay like like okay I mean like you know predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time you know um like you know so okay so when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly 600 so uh uh well you know um I mean casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd was so like like like well well so reduced to the size of a single company and so um like like like um you know three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at I mean you know like okay well okay you know a terminal station, the train may not continue well well I mean well well um okay in a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and okay like I mean like okay so well determined that it was a protein and in 1938 like okay so so like I mean you know he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small like so okay so so I mean you know virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord of uh um I mean um okay you know well Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by his tenants like okay um um you know okay like at the site in 1320 in a cauldron suspended okay okay uh uh okay like I mean from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 uh um um so you know you know okay %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around uh like you know uh you know uh okay 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and Neopagan okay so so like you know um uh sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours with like I mean um okay I mean okay well the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May you know okay well so um well okay 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, um you know okay like um okay okay who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without um well I mean you know I mean like I mean sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his first I mean you know um like I mean so uh cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the Vandal like you know um uh well you know um nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young okay well you know so okay okay um age, Copley played his junior rugby league for the I mean you know like um you know well well Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of so I mean you know okay like so you know Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, well you know so okay like okay uh overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station as like um well okay you know so uh a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not you know um okay I mean well like so compatible across operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs um uh uh um so okay well to be checked before purchasing one; this is because of well well I mean okay okay well uh the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' well you know I mean uh like well um (2010), following it up with 'City of God' (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), I mean okay I mean um um you know um the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of Belgrade lasted for I mean so like I mean I mean okay like three days, other sources state the air battle over Belgrade okay you know um so I mean okay well lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than well like like uh okay okay I mean one standard 40 foot container, but if the um like so like well I mean uh rail line has been built with sufficient vertical so I mean so you know okay okay well clearance, a double - stack car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage of uh um I mean well so um uh its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, so like uh okay well well I mean France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Sub-Saharan uh like like I mean so well okay Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second to you know I mean well okay well so like shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising uh so um you know I mean well so them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved uh okay okay like um okay uh in several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, including okay like okay you know okay so um efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, um okay so so I mean you know you know entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor you know like okay uh uh okay so movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him well you know so I mean you know you know um as the go to person for comment on issues concerning I mean I mean like okay well okay uh the Muslim community even though he has no official uh so uh you know uh like you know standing within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on I mean so um so uh so you know several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to uh um like like uh um like retreat, and within two hours the mob was moving about okay so you know okay I mean uh uh the city, sacking shops and breaking into you know like like I mean I mean I mean uh armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum I mean so uh so okay um like and have on several occasions read the comments made on it; well um I mean okay um well I mean the character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore etc like well well like well like well. However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced the well so uh like well like well languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini um you know uh well so well well used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and okay I mean you know okay I mean okay so Televisa and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's okay um I mean so okay you know um Coming to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being like um I mean so um I mean I mean taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at her so so um so so you know you know 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of a okay you know I mean you know um so uh top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at I mean I mean okay okay okay like well the University of Lausanne and when he returns with much so um so well okay uh so fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal so so so I mean well uh um arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - you know um uh so you know uh okay houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the okay uh uh uh um like you know Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the story okay um um um I mean you know I mean continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Wales okay so like well well like well with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and was um well so okay you know like well given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, well um so well you know so uh Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key uh um okay so um so I mean to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and holds you know um uh uh well so well approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the most optimistic I mean okay um uh so so well projections, the NDP took every seat in the city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free and uh uh you know so like okay okay open source initiative to provide an enterprise scale solution to um like um so um like well managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use I mean I mean I mean uh you know uh well of primary energy can be considered the same, which is okay like like uh so um well not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before joining the uh so well so I mean well uh ABC and is a graduate of Deakin University (Master of International well I mean like like uh so uh Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed well um um okay uh so um by noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of okay uh uh well like uh um Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit next well I mean well okay like um uh door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the minuend, 'x', so you know so um well okay uh leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, well like so you know I mean uh okay and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a Group um like uh I mean um okay like 3 race in 2002, and it has been upgraded so um you know um well I mean like twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named after uh uh uh like well like like Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and uh so okay like you know so well founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 uh you know I mean uh so I mean you know 1917) was an officer in the Union Army during uh um so I mean I mean so well the American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car okay um I mean I mean I mean um like designed by the Red Bull Racing team for the um okay uh um I mean so I mean 2009 Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian like so well I mean okay like I mean Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time um uh okay so um um so saves the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who I mean um you know um I mean well well ends up in a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of you know uh well uh um uh so Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 well like I mean like I mean so um in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal in like uh like you know I mean so um Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging I mean uh I mean okay you know okay uh freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making like so I mean well so like so all students wear the same clothes or limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in uh like like so um I mean I mean the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and well so you know like uh okay I mean received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army uh well you know I mean I mean I mean like for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan footballer who like so um um I mean uh you know played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State uh uh um you know okay uh I mean University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including uh so I mean you know so well uh bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish uh I mean uh um well okay I mean in Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation well so well so uh um um album 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well okay well um well um well uh as a number of various artist compilations, including the like you know like I mean um I mean I mean City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right okay I mean uh like like well um - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral okay okay okay well uh you know like cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village uh uh well you know uh well uh of Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New you know I mean okay okay okay so like York) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it like uh like well so okay I mean was tagged as a YouTube policy okay I mean you know you know like I mean okay violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as well you know well well uh um I mean he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi uh so well like so okay I mean and instead advocated looking to the original works, his school is okay you know you know like like I mean like considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other lovers, who I mean you know I mean um um okay okay once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a MF patch okay like you know like well okay you know only the club know what those are used okay uh so you know you know so like for or signify law enforcement theorizes with the uh like well I mean like well okay help of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature I mean okay um like you know well uh who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word I mean I mean uh uh uh um uh 'Shazam', he is transformed into a super-powered being possessing uh like like like you know like you know the same powers that Captain Marvel would later be so okay well you know so well like granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal okay well I mean so so uh like project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free so okay okay I mean you know well I mean as an early birthday gift from Kevin to I mean like okay I mean well I mean I mean his fans and was met with positive praise from numerous okay um you know you know you know okay uh music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other hand, well like uh like um I mean uh was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le Mans, um you know you know um uh you know I mean driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf sponsorship; you know uh okay okay like well so the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican like like well I mean like like like Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and like I mean so well I mean so you know Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent um um so so you know you know okay of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, uh like well I mean uh I mean uh an area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems so okay I mean you know um so uh since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, so so I mean you know like I mean I mean Dalhousie, on 6 March 1856, set sail for England so um like well I mean you know okay on board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because um like uh well uh uh so the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under the well uh uh you know um so well by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices you know so I mean um like um okay on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human I mean I mean you know I mean so you know so body and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; the so well uh like okay you know I mean reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was also I mean okay um uh so you know um being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV so okay you know um so uh okay and UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run um okay so so okay well okay a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, and I mean like um I mean you know so I mean during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in you know uh so so so well well the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro uh so I mean um okay like like Z28 then parks the car in front of the school okay like so okay okay okay uh with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal um so like so uh you know uh was granted independence, with only brief periods of English okay like you know um I mean I mean um occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng I mean you know like you know like uh like Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds okay so okay well well I mean well on the existing body of query language issues, um uh uh like um okay so many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the I mean like you know okay you know okay like Whitecloaks, for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of so um uh uh uh so I mean Andor, and kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 uh um you know um you know like uh February, 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son uh well you know uh so you know um of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band The you know well okay uh I mean like well Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the uh so you know well okay so uh city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in um uh I mean you know well okay so the tournament and became the first nation from America you know so I mean so um like well and only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been you know so like uh okay uh uh researched by international institutes, universities and market research companies, it's uh okay well well I mean uh you know estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it well uh okay you know like uh well first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to so uh I mean uh well well um with Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with you know okay um you know I mean like I mean cheating and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the capital, like okay um like well um like Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in the history of well like uh uh you know uh you know this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member like I mean like um you know okay you know of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic in the uh like I mean like um I mean I mean Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) like okay like so okay okay so was the petitioner in one of the best you know I mean okay well I mean uh okay known habeas corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the so you know I mean like like like um R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance services, okay like I mean you know like okay like branch off to Estació de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids you know you know okay uh well uh okay off plants and thus kills them from the impact or um um okay okay okay okay uh by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when um so you know uh okay um uh it became apparent that she lacked a campaign message, you know so I mean like okay um uh outside of her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able you know so okay I mean like so well to flee the scene, but was discovered the next you know so um uh so I mean so morning hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage um um I mean so okay okay um tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their you know uh so well um you know well first tour arranged by new label Fearless Records - well like um like um you know like the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of uh okay so so you know so like South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in okay well um okay okay so you know North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at okay well uh um um um so Duke and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards you know well like like okay like you know the two parents: a version for the mother and one like I mean like well uh um I mean for the father, but it is unknown um you know well okay well okay um whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security like like you know you know so okay I mean Archive, CORU was created to unify five different Cuban uh so okay okay I mean well okay exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis following like uh uh so you know uh I mean German invasion of Poland and was not to okay okay well so you know okay I mean be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug I mean I mean okay um so so okay hatched a plan to make her move in with him, well okay so so I mean like okay which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and okay uh I mean I mean I mean so okay written Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing so well like okay um you know so same - sex couples to jointly petition for adoption, uh uh like I mean um like uh however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared guardianship through you know you know you know well like you know well a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is well um so like uh okay you know a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons okay well uh I mean you know okay um with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- like you know well I mean you know like so 10 March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in the well you know uh uh you know um okay 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the you know you know okay well like uh I mean number of games he played for both Charlton and China, like um I mean well you know you know like he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put into action due I mean you know well well um you know so to limitations in funds and the belief that the tides of uh well I mean like you know um um the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, like well so you know I mean um like and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, and was well so um so I mean I mean I mean subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on online rental okay well um um uh I mean like services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, uh you know uh um okay um well with the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel uh you know um so okay you know uh or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the I mean okay um I mean okay well you know song in memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action I mean I mean okay um well you know um on Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, Labor uh okay uh I mean um like okay Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he sells uh well uh I mean okay like okay jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and tells the you know um okay okay so so well camera that his mother has never wanted to sell uh so you know well so well uh her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and well okay so um um um like propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are I mean well I mean I mean um you know well a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly in okay well uh um uh okay I mean the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near I mean like uh um you know like you know Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of so well you know I mean um well you know time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left so I mean so um uh I mean so arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to stop um um I mean okay okay you know like at the referee's five count, so the referee well uh you know okay um like um disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its I mean like I mean so um okay um first hearing in 100 years, took place at the Golders well um well um okay well well Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; um um um I mean like okay like this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, well so I mean I mean so so uh Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe so so well I mean so like like Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions well you know well so like okay like football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno friends so I mean I mean like I mean you know well and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and uh you know uh you know okay uh um injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet well well so well like um well and after spending one and a half years in Kalimpong I mean like I mean well uh so well he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, um okay so well I mean so so provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly you know well well so I mean uh you know greater than the coupling coefficient, then much of the power uh um uh I mean well okay uh can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de so like so uh um okay like Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to close you know so you know you know uh so I mean it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 well I mean you know like uh like you know minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, well uh so well uh so like 2007, it was considered a possibility that Soro um well well you know okay like um would be named prime minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to sign like uh uh well okay uh like the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count Your you know you know like okay uh well okay Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will you know I mean uh you know I mean you know uh be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became so like you know okay I mean like so Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie I mean um uh uh I mean um so in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then so so like well okay so like cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies well like um you know well you know I mean and equipments worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to I mean you know well so so so like her home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial like so okay um like I mean well step in this process, and to this end, the 51st well well well okay well okay I mean Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent okay um you know like I mean you know I mean on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic you know uh you know I mean you know I mean I mean bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and well um like so so well like Magic, was given the role, and digitally added to scenes in like uh like well um like uh the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon you know um um you know so uh so that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role you know so uh you know well so like in the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' so um you know well um I mean um (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for uh I mean um like so so um him to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; you know I mean you know I mean okay like I mean he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices are like so well like uh you know you know located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his well you know uh you know I mean you know like stake in the business to David Thompson who like like okay you know you know uh well began Owen Owens expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the you know uh so like um like you know now defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and I mean okay so well uh well you know was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to appear you know I mean so so you know well well on MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and like like uh so you know uh um the song was added to the track list of okay so uh well so so okay the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, like uh you know like like you know like for example, many criminals display this type of selfish okay uh you know like uh like well behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time you know uh like so you know you know okay for himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake for um you know so so uh okay like the town of Broken Hill, western New South Wales, Australia well um like uh um uh so is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a uh so you know well like okay uh burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and okay okay I mean so um you know I mean Steve's relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in I mean well you know like um uh like revealing, patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana okay you know you know okay like like well Boy', which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as like you know uh like you know I mean so 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), um okay okay so uh um well and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times mostly because I mean okay um so um like well of the regime change in the country, for example, when I mean so so like you know well okay Latvia was a part of the USSR it was named um well I mean uh okay uh well after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot so like so I mean okay okay I mean and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in uh um you know you know uh uh you know the 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the um um you know uh like so like Essendon team for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs which like well um so like uh so are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played so okay you know so like I mean so there until 1943 after which he played for several so uh I mean okay so um okay other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he so uh I mean I mean you know so so had never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line okay like uh I mean I mean well uh and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles I mean okay like um like like like of American conservatism - although it promotes small government so so you know you know okay like uh policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the like I mean well so well like um synchronous action of neural ensembles in the like well you know okay okay okay uh cerebral cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, um so uh like um like I mean which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a uh okay uh okay well like I mean revolutionary vanguard elite to lead society, but he you know um I mean so like well I mean no longer advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 um I mean I mean like uh okay so book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which well uh um uh okay well um the authors examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located at well I mean like like okay um I mean Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, like so uh uh uh um like New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station uh well you know so like so so of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the International Marine Radio um you know um uh I mean like you know Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his father you know you know so like I mean well like died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him well um well like I mean like so to the Defense Council but the Quaid - i - um uh like um so okay well Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - I mean um so I mean so well you know language release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to um um okay so uh um you know fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, you know I mean like okay well okay um where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, like okay um well okay um so but by who? , tom shows his sisters who can not help uh so okay like well I mean like but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work okay okay you know uh um like so and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been I mean um um well okay okay well consistently ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in um um um like so I mean uh 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in so I mean like okay okay well I mean the main square in Zlin by thousands of people cheering so okay I mean okay um like uh him and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, so I mean like you know well uh uh and / or disinfect that are less damaging to the you know so you know okay you know well like environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender in the so I mean okay like so I mean like 2000s following the drafting of several players, among them including um well uh I mean so you know so forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, who holds the well you know uh so um uh I mean franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by well so okay so okay well uh a number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- like like so like you know okay well 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of like um you know uh like like um Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World so I mean okay so uh I mean I mean War the city became part of the newly formed you know like so uh well I mean well Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, originally uh okay so so so I mean like consisting of a triptych, and the central part of it was uh you know I mean so like um you know a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis G um you know okay like okay so you know. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness area in New York uh like um um you know well so State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress has um you know uh like like like um decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters the okay like uh okay so um I mean body, which is specified as the moment a person has the so I mean well you know like like um ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the you know well so uh uh well um mile long leat which dates from 1493 along with um um okay uh like okay you know some meadows were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, so you know uh I mean okay like uh where he was a three - year starter and um you know I mean well like okay like played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not like uh like well so well so given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, like um okay so I mean I mean well McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and made well so I mean well I mean well you know his first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game with 11 - okay um I mean um you know well you know of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and so okay I mean well so I mean I mean graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved to well okay like uh uh I mean um San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves I mean so okay I mean um like I mean ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded I mean okay I mean okay um like you know the same year. This profile became the first like okay well uh uh like like Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son uh well you know um um so I mean of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch you know so like I mean you know like you know and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 like like you know um I mean okay uh to 1957, training in Nevada and California and eventually piloting well uh like um um um you know bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's um so well so okay I mean like 'Sticky and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts well okay I mean okay so okay well as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell that like uh okay well like I mean uh worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, uh okay uh um well okay well as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which well like so like um uh uh she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old well well uh okay um uh like maps in the secret archives, and even those uh okay so I mean so well I mean which Xiao He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed so I mean I mean okay uh um I mean a series of ex-service men and women helped you know well like uh so um well by Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a well so well okay like uh um day at the charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his I mean um well like like so okay contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing well um like like you know um so regular assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving so well like uh like I mean I mean complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory okay like you know you know like uh you know as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the you know um like well I mean um you know Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and so like like like I mean well well the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company I mean um so um I mean uh well was under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 separate uh okay like um um um um states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over I mean um so I mean well you know um Jay's Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the you know you know like uh okay you know you know French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul I mean you know uh like uh you know okay Salam and Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and uh uh you know like you know okay I mean led the effort to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France I mean okay okay well well like like and established rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi I mean like um well I mean uh so which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional like okay like uh uh like uh Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a I mean so so you know uh like I mean multi-platform campaign centered around EDM that includes digital content, advertising uh like uh well um uh like featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its MAX I mean you know you know I mean you know okay I mean Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and uh like um um okay um I mean kick 80 goals for the Bulldogs before he played his um well okay so so okay well last game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town um you know um so uh okay I mean in Erode district in the Indian state of so okay well well okay uh so Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari okay you know so you know okay well so on loan for the season, with Bari having the um um um so I mean um so option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th Special well well well so uh so I mean Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the run - in and uh I mean I mean uh um well well only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the three okay like well well um like uh Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for the line in 1949 like well well uh okay uh uh and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; so um like well you know I mean uh she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable okay well um I mean you know so like controversy over the colour of the Australian flags used I mean um I mean um well like you know at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament house uh so so I mean well okay uh in Canberra, where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on um so well well like so like October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled Exit okay okay so I mean you know okay like 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI requesting to so uh um you know like you know I mean be released from the priesthood, in which he admitted you know uh like you know you know so like molesting children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is um um well well okay okay well not equivalent to the distance in normal space; two like okay uh so well uh okay star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Gaga okay so well you know okay well so since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino well okay um I mean um you know okay Elegies' and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar I mean well like so like okay okay drafted a petition containing similar language to the convention like well uh so like okay you know resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the um so okay like you know uh so car park, and as one of them like like I mean well okay uh so attempts to unlock the door with his key, I mean um well uh okay well um they hear a strange noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught himself uh so okay uh uh you know I mean by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been like so okay okay so well like related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World Cup well I mean okay so well you know so and starring well - known football players from national like okay okay um okay well well teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk um so uh you know uh like you know everything' - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by buses you know you know uh I mean well well you know and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby so uh I mean well you know uh um routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised I mean well okay like okay so well by a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced well okay uh okay okay I mean okay by the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well I mean um uh okay okay well uh as on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing so well like so um well um treatment for pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the okay you know I mean you know okay you know well read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First Division and like I mean like uh um you know okay they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit so you know you know well um I mean you know. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem I mean so like like well so um written by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers okay so you know okay so like uh University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to like so um so you know well well put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories where you know uh um uh so you know I mean the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder like like well I mean well you know so of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother I mean I mean uh okay okay um so and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he well okay I mean I mean uh well uh acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the okay like okay I mean I mean you know well Iranian government's English - language TV channel until December like like so like you know so you know 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by well uh so okay okay like uh the breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do not I mean um I mean well I mean okay like serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) I mean uh so you know well I mean so is an British TV chef and actor he originally trained uh uh so I mean I mean you know like as a chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, okay like um okay okay like like then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the okay um like well okay uh so Vijayanagara era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar like okay you know okay you know so okay del Río Province and profits were initially robust enough okay okay I mean so uh uh um that Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to well well okay well you know um so the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting you know well so I mean okay well um more crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been well uh you know you know okay uh I mean away hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful like like well like uh uh uh declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal like um uh like um uh okay town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his friend and okay you know you know well you know like um instead joins forces with Yash to execute a plan you know so uh uh you know I mean like against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping so I mean I mean um like you know I mean Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, because there was okay okay well so I mean okay I mean already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening so you know well um I mean well so and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than zero you know you know so uh you know so you know by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft of like you know well uh you know well you know the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters of like um like I mean so well well the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the okay like I mean well um I mean okay species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, the wheelbase is well okay you know uh uh I mean well 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were okay you know okay I mean you know so so channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of the I mean like I mean okay uh well okay Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at like um um I mean like um so the Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, I mean well so so you know I mean okay and was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, um okay I mean um well you know uh 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as like um you know like I mean so like her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career uh well well uh well I mean um in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize like um well okay so you know um for the longest flight from England to the Continent uh okay I mean I mean okay um I mean in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking so like okay so I mean like I mean water from the reservoir to use for m mayor like uh uh um so I mean you know William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard okay like I mean um I mean like so Russell, Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal like well you know okay uh okay so of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in Serbia you know like like uh you know I mean so such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the I mean I mean uh you know okay you know well Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more than you know I mean um okay I mean I mean I mean minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy I mean um uh well you know um um is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta so well I mean uh I mean you know uh and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's um uh uh okay uh you know uh death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and like you know um okay um um you know kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now you know like uh like so um um the John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the like well okay uh like well okay special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency so well um uh so okay you know medical services level with about half the firefighters you know you know so uh you know uh you know being Certified First Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment you know well you know uh so uh um around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with um um uh um so uh so piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very much greater okay um okay um I mean so you know in West Africa than in the regions from which the uh like uh you know um like I mean supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of uh um uh uh uh okay so South and has helped the school reach academic excellence well like like so okay I mean um over the other two high schools in the district um okay okay uh uh like um as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to you know well so um so like you know die for killing Tara or Katrina, but she and Xander um like you know so um okay you know agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium in okay well um you know like um so Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when uh okay uh so um um I mean the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and uh okay so you know uh you know so won by a 16 % margin of victory I mean you know like um um okay uh in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such so um like you know well uh um as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was um you know I mean so uh okay I mean sent with her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, so uh I mean I mean well like I mean The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, well like I mean uh uh okay okay art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote the so like well so like okay you know screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) like I mean uh like uh okay you know was a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle I mean uh I mean you know um uh um player), known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove himself okay uh you know uh like uh well to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their okay uh uh well you know like like wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, it uh um okay I mean uh like so is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this is okay so um like well like well rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a so I mean like like well uh uh plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to uh so okay so um okay I mean test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, well okay well okay like uh um which makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian Philip um I mean uh okay well okay okay Davis was also produced to coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his tactics well so well I mean so um like simpler and easier for them to follow, and intelligence on so um well so well well okay enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and um uh like um so well um the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah like I mean you know uh you know you know uh at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships so so uh well so I mean um and alliances, such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from the convoy, like you know okay so you know okay you know and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in so you know well I mean um I mean I mean divorce and none of which lasted more than three years, she like like well okay I mean like okay acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by like well um I mean okay I mean um Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring okay um well like like uh you know 2012, the group released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious so well you know uh well well okay damage to various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast I mean so okay well um well uh Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and like so um well like okay well he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as well uh uh so like uh so well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which I mean so well okay I mean so you know worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the American lifestyle well um uh well well I mean like to millions of Chinese viewers and her role on 'Hello uh well so you know so I mean um Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting like so like I mean okay you know you know GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he so well um uh well well okay abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have like so well you know um um okay been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at you know okay um okay so okay well 44a Charlotte Road in Shoreditch, and worked with many um uh uh I mean uh okay uh of the artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the uh well like uh I mean well so hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various um okay well I mean like well okay jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model well uh well like like well so and theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red okay you know I mean I mean okay uh okay Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: I mean well like well you know um I mean as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more pleased like like okay um you know uh like with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' than any so uh so um okay um you know other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, like um um um so you know um growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 uh I mean okay like well well well to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the you know I mean okay you know um so I mean University of Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing so um um well uh so I mean at the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her um you know um you know you know you know so first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the uh well like okay um you know um fourth season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in so you know you know so um um like Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first of uh I mean um you know well so well kind in the country. The book in this area you know um like like well okay like is two volumes published with the co operation of well well well um okay uh I mean 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather so um you know I mean I mean okay so who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and as well I mean uh okay um so you know the Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a borrowing you know um I mean like so okay so from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is okay well like so so uh like that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from well uh well well you know uh so China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt was well you know well well like like I mean suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a large so okay like like uh so you know number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national importance, you know like okay I mean like okay uh as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, uh okay you know I mean I mean I mean I mean founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend I mean um you know um um well uh the Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school you know well okay uh uh uh okay system primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since okay uh um you know uh I mean okay the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in you know you know uh okay uh well um the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the like like I mean um um okay well city and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil you know I mean like so uh I mean I mean to have won a national title - the 1973 Torneio so um like okay like um uh do Povo and to have competed in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' um I mean so I mean well um like in this sense -- in humans, there are believed uh like uh well uh well so to be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable well okay you know um uh I mean so to fans, due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher was I mean okay um okay I mean okay okay unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel like you know uh well so like um and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on I mean like uh I mean you know uh I mean the river 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km well so I mean you know like um okay southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly you know so uh I mean you know uh you know monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) um so so okay like um like was captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages you know uh well so uh um uh from Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the well um okay I mean well like I mean Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces you know uh I mean um so like um Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a um uh well um okay like uh bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson so you know like um okay I mean so took 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 um um um you know well well well Tests, and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their like well like uh you know you know okay opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former you know well okay you know you know I mean okay track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the uh like like like uh okay well future domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt and um you know okay okay like um I mean also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county so I mean like I mean um well okay has a total area of, of which is so you know uh so well okay well land and (1. 05 %) is water. T okay um well um well okay um he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson well okay uh okay so um like in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture okay um um like I mean okay so out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev like um I mean you know you know um um. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role well okay so uh uh so like and is considered an above - average skater he well uh you know well okay well I mean also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four - well I mean uh I mean well uh uh of - a - kind and try to throw a so uh uh okay um like you know Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he I mean well I mean well like um I mean will kill anyone who comes to find him you know so I mean like you know okay so before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were okay uh well uh so um uh regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige uh I mean okay um okay I mean like having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French so um uh so um so I mean Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and internship, well you know um well you know I mean like almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones Grande you know I mean you know so like you know you know Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve um you know um like um well well as much as 1 percent of a country's so well well you know you know um I mean population; the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer you know like okay uh like so you know merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled the well so okay okay okay I mean um 'Sovereign of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter um I mean like so I mean you know okay of the Union of Clare Students which was padded out like well uh you know well like uh with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium cell okay so well so um like um signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and Low you know I mean um so I mean okay like (L), and automatic downstep, where a H following a L well okay like you know I mean uh I mean is always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in you know like you know um I mean um like West Africa, which involved the pledge of a person well uh uh um uh uh um ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a okay you know well uh okay like like different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that you know um you know like uh uh okay they are now more intelligent and can speak. They uh okay well um okay like okay take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the so so uh you know uh I mean I mean Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, well well um like you know uh like which has since changed its name to like so okay well I mean so um Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account well like you know um uh so so that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the okay like like like uh I mean so sighting until after they had landed and even had so um so well um uh you know tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that I mean well you know um I mean you know okay Devanampriya insinuated were created by JJ in his numbers so okay I mean so I mean uh uh 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, um you know okay uh okay uh okay Nainital, before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military you know so uh uh okay so well College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of okay um well you know uh um so a historical manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, uh you know I mean so okay okay okay 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of succession like well okay so you know you know so and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king well like you know uh I mean uh uh of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for uh so you know uh okay like uh the Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you can um you know so I mean so uh so knock when it's your turn with 7 or less well okay uh so like like you know points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the current um like okay I mean okay um I mean hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles I mean you know okay uh uh so so. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and Vice-Patriarch I mean well well so I mean uh I mean and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias like well so okay so like well succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; so um uh like okay um uh he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from the um I mean um uh I mean um well institute had collaborated with Laine on information by for like you know you know okay well okay I mean his the book about the founder of like uh I mean well um so like the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts uh you know well like like you know so tell of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was the okay so well well you know okay uh Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after an you know well okay um well I mean you know Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian Strong in well you know um I mean um I mean uh the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days uh uh uh uh uh uh so of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New you know okay you know you know um well you know York Telephone before he was elected to the New York so you know uh uh well okay uh State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in I mean um you know like like well um 2007 then in 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies okay um I mean like like well I mean and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line you know like well like okay uh so with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at um I mean um well so like well 137; the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation for uh well I mean um I mean so so seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody tests of blood uh so okay um okay well okay and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown that substantial like uh um um um I mean um numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow okay well uh uh like you know um and South Western Railway, but other companies made little okay I mean you know like well so so use of it; however the general goods terminal at so like okay you know like uh uh College became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him you know okay well like um uh so to escape and as his memory recovers he and okay like um so I mean I mean I mean the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the uh you know like I mean so uh okay live set - we shot the video last week and invited like uh you know I mean so well you know a bunch of our friends and fans down to be I mean uh so so okay um okay in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China you know okay okay okay um okay um Division ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern I mean I mean okay um I mean I mean like Sector, carrying out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam like okay uh so um well uh Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international uh okay like you know so like well relations and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin like so I mean you know uh you know so Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, uh I mean well I mean well so you know which stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group so you know like well well you know like 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later um like well uh I mean um like After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's so well okay so I mean I mean you know Who (Ibid) and spent the rest of his ministry there, well um uh so so I mean I mean amongst other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike um well so you know you know uh um Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during his you know uh well well I mean you know well 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died well okay I mean uh so like I mean 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, like okay um okay uh so uh a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was you know you know so so okay so um co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch and well um well okay uh uh well the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the okay um so so I mean uh well NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived like I mean well uh like um uh from an inorganic acid or organic acid in which like I mean uh like okay well so at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special uh like you know so well um well Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper you know um um like um um um behavior' ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and um uh um uh so okay okay actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC uh okay you know um so so okay as a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an well like um okay so okay I mean offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem I mean so okay so uh uh you know malevolent towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular um uh you know um like like well dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance um um I mean well well okay well on 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 well well um you know well so uh - 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield um uh uh um like you know well and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on you know you know I mean okay well I mean you know behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of okay you know okay uh so you know uh the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the FX you know okay okay okay you know like well network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver well well so like um I mean like medal at the Pan American Games in Mar del uh um I mean like like I mean so Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third uh uh okay like um I mean okay largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every well okay you know you know like you know so other product in the roofing market, so it is fitting uh like well so I mean um um that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication well you know um well well uh like (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often you know like so you know um uh I mean confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, um um okay you know you know so okay and refers to the spears (there is a better, liturgical you know okay so you know um okay you know word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three I mean like like okay um you know you know half - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach you know you know like um you know so like 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was well uh so so uh uh well heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American actor um so well okay so well uh best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical family I mean so um um I mean uh so in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the three children of uh uh like so you know you know well famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial so well well well uh well so killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American so okay um um okay you know you know Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English like well like I mean so okay you know musician and former Beatle George Harrison that was released you know like like I mean okay well uh in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of so um well well okay so like Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later changed so I mean um well well you know so his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the premiere okay okay okay um uh so so of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from well um um you know uh so I mean all around the world though the vast majority are Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every uh well so I mean like you know so one who gets into school, going from grade 1 well um I mean I mean okay like uh - 7 with students then expected to pass the exams I mean well okay well uh you know uh set by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination okay like like like so uh um was marked for life by the horrors of the Revolution when you know uh um well like you know like in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the authority of the so okay okay I mean okay I mean well revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six I mean you know well like um I mean uh in men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, like so um so you know um well until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney um so uh I mean okay so like Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen like you know I mean so uh well um launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is you know uh okay so um well um adsorbed on a surface - the STM image may appear to like well okay uh um like like have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and I mean I mean so okay uh I mean well many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April uh uh uh I mean like so I mean 1914) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique I mean you know uh I mean uh okay like similar to that of Jan Be, who is also like so like I mean well so like known for his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to so okay you know I mean so like okay become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with the well um uh um uh um you know oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, like I mean I mean you know um you know like 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry well uh so uh you know like like of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she was I mean you know so um I mean so uh born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee like you know I mean um you know well I mean in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, uh um well well uh um I mean in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the okay well okay okay well well you know university of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during like uh okay you know well so well his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from like so so um like okay um the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation um I mean you know okay uh I mean um from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, uh um so well I mean uh well while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted well like um I mean well um you know in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the I mean well well okay so so um barbarian tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian um okay so I mean well I mean um for his Eastern campaign, and which had plundered the I mean uh um okay uh so uh Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and I mean uh like um like so um some prose. Many og the writings were of high so um I mean uh like well so quality and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at Disney I mean so uh I mean so okay uh World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades well so well okay like you know you know at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer like um so um okay like you know and musician of Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is shown I mean okay uh I mean like um like to be a weak, shy, and lonely boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, you know uh like you know well I mean okay a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought so um so I mean like I mean um to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own you know I mean I mean uh okay I mean uh right begins in the 6th century BC with the Pythagoreans, um you know okay okay like you know um who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few you know you know so uh you know I mean you know scenes of love between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, I mean I mean you know uh I mean um you know which led to protests from a Rajput caste organization like I mean um like like you know uh called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San uh I mean uh I mean like um um Juan Hill began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly well um uh okay well you know well won position on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 so like so I mean uh I mean you know to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, head okay okay you know okay you know you know I mean of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn uh like uh um well well well based strategy game where the player (s) take the I mean okay I mean okay you know you know okay role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian police force like so um well okay um um founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II of um um well you know so I mean so Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid okay um so okay like I mean you know down their arms and received monetary compensation from the government you know you know okay um like okay uh and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance you know okay you know you know like I mean well to move to Royal Antwerp FC however due well uh you know I mean I mean um you know to homesickness McStay ended his contract with the Belgian club at you know like uh um um so you know the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was I mean well well well uh I mean um consolidated with the 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National well um so well uh well you know guard which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he you know like uh you know um uh um returned to New York in 1953 and started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, um uh so uh well like well and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different you know like okay well I mean well I mean reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released by you know okay uh well I mean uh like Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard of well like well like you know okay like it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less than so uh I mean okay um okay um a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being um I mean um you know like I mean okay called Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X you know so well you know so um um Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for okay well so you know uh I mean like matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and served uh okay well so so you know so as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the period you know you know I mean I mean you know uh well of secondary education and students who qualify are allowed to you know like okay um I mean uh I mean pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Wilson's I mean um I mean um like uh uh ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of like um you know so uh uh so the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a I mean um well um like well you know registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways of um like um uh I mean uh well India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods um like you know you know uh I mean okay of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary uh like uh okay I mean uh uh Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took part in uh um uh um uh uh you know a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of okay okay you know so you know well okay several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if the well you know so you know okay okay um song is notably about Portland, although the song may I mean um like uh I mean I mean I mean additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this you know I mean um um like um uh list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in like I mean I mean so uh I mean like PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples okay so um like so uh well in them that have not been cleared, however there is I mean okay you know like well um so generally no legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the new um like uh so like uh I mean FM all - sports format and had success uh uh so well um um so against WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise you know so you know okay you know like uh that until the mid 20th century houses were heated well uh uh well so uh well by open fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack um like so um I mean well uh of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving okay um um okay uh I mean uh on to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first like um you know I mean uh so um semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V well well so um well well like available with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 okay like uh uh like I mean uh - litre engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance than okay uh um I mean okay uh so pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used to uh uh well uh okay so you know go and Amar who felt the voice of okay you know okay you know uh okay so his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high okay uh well so okay uh I mean try their hands at a ouija board, they don't well um okay okay you know I mean so realize at first that they have summonned a jinn, who well well I mean you know okay uh so can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity was so you know so like um so so his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, um you know okay you know uh uh um he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the well like so well well so okay IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, there was so okay okay so uh so you know no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, there you know like I mean okay you know like uh wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw uh I mean so well well well like but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write um okay well so uh like okay religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did and uh well you know okay like uh okay the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, so uh um well well um like was that the material was pulled up from the so uh like okay like well well offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south New okay well okay uh uh uh okay Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their okay like okay you know I mean I mean um houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it uh like you know I mean uh I mean like would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original okay you know you know so I mean well okay member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and I mean well okay okay uh uh you know sought out and found him; he lost his entire fortune I mean I mean um I mean well I mean I mean and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to the uh well um I mean well so well dragon, but the memory of tying her to the stake, awaiting um like okay uh well well okay death with her eyes open and dry, still sometimes disturbs well I mean uh so uh I mean uh his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the um okay you know okay so okay okay End of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British I mean okay I mean you know okay uh I mean Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of okay um like like um um um Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central uh like okay well um um like at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin you know well like uh okay I mean uh into various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious well so so like well well uh to obtain the information from his mother uh so so like so um you know but she never recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest in the you know like so so like uh um mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River uh you know um okay you know well um Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and you know uh um like okay um okay Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence okay um I mean I mean like well so (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the you know you know I mean um um um I mean world, they do not show much; in a Christmas like so I mean well um you know like special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and well you know so okay you know okay I mean John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal okay uh well okay like you know I mean leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he I mean um like like um like I mean hag year the second outing of Eight Women was far uh um so I mean so you know you know more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was well well I mean well like like um born in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the you know well like uh okay well I mean greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, like well um so okay like you know painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap um I mean you know okay I mean I mean I mean opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that well um you know so like uh well does not stop here, since it bypasses using well I mean like like so I mean uh the center express tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal uh you know like well uh uh okay had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners you know well okay I mean okay you know okay Arms, The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two okay so okay okay so like okay Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city I mean I mean I mean well um uh okay of Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, passing um so uh um so so um through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately he announced well um um so I mean okay well the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two uh like so okay so I mean like landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the uh you know well you know well uh so south coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly like okay like I mean well you know well regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, I mean so so so you know well I mean who came into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such as the well so um I mean you know so you know local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Alberta) like I mean so like like so uh is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who um you know um I mean you know so you know made his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as so I mean so okay like like I mean 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the uh um okay well you know uh um English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they uh I mean um um so um like be done in private, but the pagan priests said it so like uh well um you know I mean could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) okay I mean uh so like um okay is an American former Major League Baseball second baseman okay well um um you know you know uh who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and I mean you know okay okay you know okay so Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', well so so I mean uh well okay who was missing, put them in the goo as, um okay like uh you know like uh like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities I mean um um um I mean uh um as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed as Asia's like um I mean I mean um uh you know first botanical garden, although it was predated by others okay so okay I mean well uh well such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and track so I mean like well um you know you know & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC I mean you know um uh like so uh 109 by unanimous decision with all three um like uh like uh so like judges scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for well uh well well uh so like artists from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an so I mean I mean well um well you know album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, you know I mean well you know like so okay died February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a like I mean uh well so so well rock drummer and session musician, best known I mean you know well like um you know you know as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their uh I mean well you know okay like like opener, thus setting the record for most consecutive losses like so I mean I mean so so uh during a single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies I mean okay uh so uh like so (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at the forefront so um okay well well you know so of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, Jim um like uh well um um I mean found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence um I mean um so well uh I mean and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being uh uh I mean well well so like dishonest, and was accused of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for you know well I mean you know I mean I mean you know electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic you know well okay okay you know you know you know Zone (SASZ), among the most active seismic areas in the I mean you know I mean um um you know well Southeastern United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach like okay well um well you know so -- 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer I mean well I mean um I mean you know okay during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of I mean you know I mean like well uh so Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album you know well well okay okay um you know tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for I mean uh like uh okay like uh Cover': '(' Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, featuring so uh like so well you know I mean Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no so like uh um uh you know uh life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she so okay you know okay so okay uh spent a number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team um uh so okay okay uh you know that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 like uh well uh I mean like so due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica like so I mean um uh so you know of a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in okay okay well um well uh well a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and well um so okay so um um editorial board for the database and its network of so well I mean you know you know okay so over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, okay um okay well I mean well uh a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 uh you know so um um so you know. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions uh so um like you know okay okay who watched on closed - circuit screens around the I mean okay so so I mean you know okay world the Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won so uh like like uh you know well their 22nd team title in 24 years despite the fact um uh you know you know well you know so that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in English okay well I mean so uh like I mean by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia so uh well um well um you know as the latter noun is used in philology and literature so I mean okay I mean I mean like uh and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with you know okay uh so well um okay I - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown so I mean well uh uh you know you know Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home town um uh like um like okay okay and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, like so um uh um well okay a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to like you know you know so well like I mean TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding um um like well well so you know to the five forms of entry, And okay like um uh like well I mean there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, like well okay uh you know um uh ', in which he argued that the cockfight served as okay you know you know uh you know you know like a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which okay you know okay so okay um I mean judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico; married well I mean uh well I mean um I mean Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half like okay well well you know well you know - Life 2', an amputated part of it exists as an well well um um I mean well like unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first like I mean well so okay uh so professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical okay well okay you know uh like well College of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police you know okay um I mean um you know uh Department who is assigned to investigate the murder uh uh so you know okay okay so of a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body you know well like so okay okay okay is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge okay like so okay like I mean like Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday who lived well well um uh uh you know I mean in a Western dimension did away with the Sheriff and so um okay you know well uh um took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows is that I mean uh so so I mean like I mean Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug uh uh so like you know like um rehabilitation program and after finding out that he had um okay so I mean I mean uh um only a few months left to live, he committed suicide I mean um okay uh so okay um on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from okay well you know uh I mean so uh a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide okay like like I mean I mean um so molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act like I mean like uh like well okay on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was quite well okay uh well I mean I mean uh normal for a fighter - sized target) and like well you know like you know okay I mean the loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened like you know so you know I mean okay so rapidly, that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded you know so uh I mean uh um I mean the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste (usually mackerel) like like you know well like um like with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order I mean well I mean like okay uh I mean of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul uh uh okay okay well um okay Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in the well uh okay like I mean I mean so 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied by you know like okay I mean okay you know so several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed uh okay so okay well well so bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for an um uh I mean you know uh I mean um eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve so I mean uh like well well I mean airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of the like uh well so uh um I mean city, at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in okay uh uh you know I mean I mean I mean Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other um well like uh uh well so obstacle the tank would stop and the rockets you know um um I mean uh so like fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 you know I mean um you know uh okay okay acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property by the uh um um well I mean okay um Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green um so I mean like so well so plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services so well um like uh um well were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his so well well you know I mean okay I mean old friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place you know okay so you know like I mean I mean and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the opposing oxide uh like I mean um well like well surface layer and cause damage to the underlying bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled well so you know like uh well so in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a I mean like uh you know uh like you know criminal or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and well uh I mean like so like I mean died in London on 1 April 1899, following a longer okay you know like well okay um like term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is um you know I mean so like okay I mean a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as such on December okay so so okay I mean you know you know 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to um so I mean I mean so so I mean prevent balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching um um uh uh um okay uh the end of a defined track on a playing uh so okay um okay so I mean field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky I mean I mean like um uh you know like or sandy and the football team found it difficult uh I mean like um uh like so to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over like okay uh um like you know like Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: like uh I mean I mean like you know okay Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her uh okay so uh okay so I mean companion, 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in older uh I mean uh um you know so um tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented okay I mean you know okay well um uh the techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with an well so like okay you know so okay estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in the years well well uh uh okay so like 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon uh well so uh so well um afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the okay so um like you know you know you know UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami so I mean well well um well uh and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced okay I mean well you know like okay okay with Dutch bricks and adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian okay okay like uh I mean well like windows placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters you know you know so I mean so okay you know on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined so um well uh you know okay okay the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- 97, like like well you know uh you know I mean as McLean appeared in 44 games with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and I mean like I mean uh I mean uh so released on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried well um so um you know so you know and convicted him in absentia, and she forces him to like well I mean um okay I mean well agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and so uh so well so you know um Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he briefly so okay like I mean uh you know I mean held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get I mean I mean okay uh like uh so Behind Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 I mean I mean um okay I mean okay uh before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was um okay uh well like I mean uh not reinstated in the Second Division and they played well you know so so uh um um in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they um uh so okay well um you know managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no like like you know okay you know you know okay useful function can now be seen to be carrying out I mean um um okay well uh so these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us so I mean you know okay well I mean like to ask new kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in 2007 well you know like well like so uh Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, you know okay you know okay so I mean like Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to so well I mean okay I mean uh you know be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over um you know okay well like like like 8000 runs in his career yet has failed like well so well you know I mean you know to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia uh uh um um I mean so so (Patrick McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 January you know so so um um well I mean 1850, a single line was open to public traffic through okay um you know well well okay like these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan like well I mean well okay well okay was part of various bands until deciding to go you know like uh like like like I mean solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school you know uh like well um like uh from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, I mean well uh well um okay like Australia, northwest of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals um I mean well well okay like um Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing the player well okay well um okay well okay to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this choice by saying like okay okay uh uh uh um that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout the game do so so I mean you know like I mean um not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus um so uh like you know like um often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, I mean like like you know okay so I mean and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, like well uh well like I mean well journalism and fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing so like you know you know like uh uh excavations in Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, so uh well um so well well bowls and other objects including statues, this being an like you know um I mean I mean like you know indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended so I mean so you know um like well the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of you know so uh well um okay um seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of uh like I mean okay so like I mean people whose members identify with each other through a common okay like like I mean like you know uh heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of like like you know like you know I mean uh the end of the 2010 season, with ten, okay um well I mean like like okay including best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions okay I mean you know um so I mean so of people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - you know I mean like so okay okay um al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully I mean okay like okay okay so like recover and some parts of it remained icy, he you know um so uh okay so um was unable to return them to normal, he became like um um you know well you know like afraid of it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern okay uh okay I mean so okay well in space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; I mean okay you know you know um um so time crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with like um okay so okay like uh numerous academic papers and is probably best known okay um um like you know um you know for his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) like I mean uh okay you know well I mean is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in the league, you know uh um I mean um um like VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted from the Amateurliga, while okay um like uh you know um I mean no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items okay okay well like okay well you know of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in um I mean I mean I mean well okay so doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris uh you know so um uh like I mean Academy's former Perth Road building was lit on fire, so um well like I mean um so a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - so okay well um so uh you know born writer, currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center of I mean so uh okay okay I mean you know City University of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship well like like uh okay okay you know of Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, I mean so well you know uh you know so and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student and you know like so like well well so transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to print so like you know like so like I mean the name of current working directory, if the shell so so okay uh so okay well prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to typeinfo, well okay I mean uh okay like um however, many compilers will not let you uh uh okay um okay like okay assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, a like so um so uh uh you know competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead okay you know okay you know like um so of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are there you know like I mean like I mean uh so to reassure the invitee that there would be plenty uh uh so like you know I mean okay of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the um well so okay so like um same meaning as explained above except in Malakand Division, where so uh so like uh okay so a district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or okay okay well you know like okay um more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), is I mean um so um well so so an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals back in uh like uh uh like well okay march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was I mean um I mean well I mean well so an Irish republican hunger striker and a you know you know like so well okay like volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo I mean okay uh okay you know um um Crews to qualify for the Money in the Bank I mean so well uh uh okay like ladder match at the Money in the Bank okay well uh um you know okay I mean pay - per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city so like you know like you know okay I mean of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy so okay well you know uh you know like and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first like um well I mean you know okay well headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis of their so um okay like okay uh I mean personal appeal and also those candidates who are sidelined by you know okay you know um um I mean um party political rivals within party but confident to make well uh okay okay like like like it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, like so um uh uh um you know currently i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e okay I mean um uh uh okay I mean. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - you know I mean like like um uh I mean rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories um like well um uh okay well above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, you know I mean um uh uh okay you know Essex and her love of acting began with the dramatic uh so well like so uh I mean society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, like uh okay okay like well well although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term I mean like well I mean I mean um um behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to new okay okay uh so like I mean like allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan okay um you know you know I mean uh okay for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more you know you know you know like like you know I mean reliable firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese well um I mean uh well you know okay drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an like well uh I mean well I mean well of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary star uh uh so uh you know I mean like in the constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, villagers throw I mean so so you know I mean well well stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY I mean okay um well I mean um I mean services, such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, uh I mean um um uh um well dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams I mean well uh um I mean I mean okay from the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying so you know okay I mean uh um I mean competition, and they were divided into two groups, uh like so uh well I mean so one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts okay okay like so well uh uh performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also like um like okay uh uh you know known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C I mean okay like like like okay so. Khanduri, (born 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the Man in okay so so okay you know I mean okay Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, so you know I mean well uh like I mean with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the scanning so uh okay like um um uh unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the position previously like um uh um well you know um occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity I mean you know um uh uh I mean um He persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial okay well you know I mean you know um you know to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian well um so uh okay okay you know state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from uh um so okay so you know um the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth well like uh I mean well um like initiative is an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to you know I mean so well I mean like uh bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow okay I mean so you know okay like I mean points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as like uh like I mean I mean okay I mean a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died um so uh like I mean I mean well November 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) I mean you know you know okay well um um general who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in okay so like I mean well well you know Wales, situated in the highly urbanised area of um so so I mean so you know you know South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational bands and like so uh uh so so so artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider and the like you know like uh like so you know Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the um um well so so so like next month with a blush on his face, but was reduced so uh you know you know okay okay like to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of posts well uh so like um well so in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the so I mean um you know I mean uh okay Continent for King Henry V. In 1429, he was uh okay I mean like um I mean well elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 you know okay so okay like you know well by C. W. Post, a patient and later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of so I mean okay um okay you know um embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd well okay uh well okay so so century A. D. It was replaced by the Panhellenion, okay um like you know I mean so you know established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of okay you know um so I mean like uh Armada Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media you know uh like um like like um & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny I mean uh well um you know so I mean out of jail for $ 100, 000 after he accidentally like uh um I mean like well well kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced uh like like I mean uh well well by its success and sexual content, as its sexual uh I mean uh okay well uh so - explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and like um uh like you know I mean you know led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War the like I mean I mean okay I mean like you know powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used to um well you know so you know so okay jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris and like okay um okay um like okay contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material okay um so um I mean so I mean throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began okay you know you know well um uh so as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the uh uh I mean uh you know I mean okay British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor who also okay um so like so okay uh migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from like um um I mean um uh okay east and west, it has traces of western sound like uh uh like so like I mean okay Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, so um uh like I mean um uh who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of well so like so you know okay well the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious clash of so so I mean like I mean like like arms between Māori and the British settlers after the uh like well uh well so I mean signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the okay okay you know you know uh you know so center, so they may be placed on the outside you know um I mean well so so you know of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 well like uh like you know um like and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) uh uh like like so well well in the Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These so um like okay you know like okay heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent extensive okay well so well so you know you know exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small well okay you know okay so so well seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November 1806, I mean well well well I mean you know uh the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but I mean you know um well so so so later stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take um well so you know uh so um responsibility and pull their kids out of the activity if anything you know so you know well you know I mean uh went wrong, these kids were then looked at I mean so you know I mean okay I mean well as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly so um uh so I mean you know I mean caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and her okay you know well so I mean you know well first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his um so uh like so I mean I mean major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of the Legion rebelled so uh okay um okay I mean so against the Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, cement, well well um so well uh well sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which like uh um um well like uh is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a uh so I mean like you know like um young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage and significant um so uh you know uh uh like snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, is so like okay um like okay I mean the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive you know well okay well like okay like Movement for the Devolution of Initiatives) where he um okay like well like um okay ran for the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an okay um well like you know like okay adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers you know I mean well so well uh well to achieve world - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, okay you know uh I mean I mean okay well an opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but well like like so like uh okay the Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they turn you know so uh okay okay I mean like a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is you know I mean you know okay uh okay um brought down by the annual Špancir Festival which begins okay um like okay um like like at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is like you know like you know you know so okay served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and so so like you know like well um double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a well uh I mean well so well you know further residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin okay okay you know um um you know um Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department so like okay uh I mean you know okay for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 like uh I mean you know okay you know you know sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning okay um so you know uh like like institute with a website service designed so that users um well okay like well well I mean can learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died uh like I mean uh uh um like in about 1259, and he had three brothers, two of whom uh I mean well um well uh okay died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the I mean um like you know uh okay like large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs you know I mean so uh well I mean I mean like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and um so I mean well like um okay Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor okay you know um I mean like uh I mean when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - okay I mean uh um you know I mean so named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic well like I mean so well so uh series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving I mean well I mean well okay uh like 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, so um I mean I mean um so so Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to like I mean so I mean um okay like figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and like um like you know uh well uh Morris be seen together around town; they liked each other well I mean uh so so um okay and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of um um I mean uh I mean I mean okay the 2009 - 2010 American sci - fi television I mean uh well like um um okay series 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American college um well like uh like um uh basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive well well you know you know okay you know like Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of um uh um so well okay so their high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be so uh um well okay uh I mean more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed like um like um well uh so for rechargeable batteries may allow charging without removing the batteries; for uh uh okay um well I mean uh example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses so like so uh like so like these requests in an episodic manner; during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an like so uh like well okay you know English professional football player and currently plays for uh I mean you know uh well okay uh Bristol City, on a short term deal, following the um uh okay you know so um um expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the uh well uh well I mean okay I mean City of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of okay so well I mean you know so like the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in so you know I mean you know you know um like the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians I mean okay okay um so well so in the Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently well so so okay uh I mean like during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and well okay well like you know okay so sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to establish a so like well so I mean um I mean sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and you know um so like okay I mean um fended off attacks from aircraft and submarines; later in the um so uh okay um okay so war, escort carriers were part of hunter - killer you know well um so well like um groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school at Lake I mean um um you know uh so okay Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated with well like well okay I mean um uh a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is uh you know like like like you know okay also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station well you know uh um like well so in 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and so uh uh you know like like I mean then, as had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a I mean so um uh you know I mean okay yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it is well you know you know I mean um okay um known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped uh I mean so so so I mean so as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny uh like uh I mean I mean you know uh islands and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at so um well so well well so 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after well I mean you know okay like well uh steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before the like so uh okay like you know uh start of the quiz and made be available on all you know like uh okay okay I mean um rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and well I mean uh I mean so uh so recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - Luc you know okay like uh well so like Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 well I mean okay like you know like uh after the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and well you know well like um okay um very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes National okay okay um um okay you know I mean Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - return like um okay I mean you know I mean I mean Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had you know uh well uh um like I mean been released, was one of the rebel leaders you know uh well I mean well so okay in Wyatt's rebellion, and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film is um so okay okay um uh well directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved so okay um well uh okay uh in trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both you know like um you know I mean I mean uh the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and like so so well you know okay like 1923 and were used in the US scrapping okay uh you know well um okay okay quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented President so um um like I mean uh uh Brigham Young of the Church of Latter - um you know like uh like okay you know day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the um like well so um um so warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent okay like like you know you know I mean so feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial uh um uh like you know like you know embolism, include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial like okay like you know um um well fibrillation and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 like okay like um um so I mean -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title uh okay you know okay like I mean like in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael um um like so um uh like de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of uh well um um I mean well like criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love uh um you know I mean uh um so with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to well okay so uh well so like Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the so uh um uh well I mean uh 'Street Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a I mean I mean uh so uh um you know fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg was raided so so so uh you know um um by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the National um uh so um well um I mean Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September 4, 2014, um okay okay uh I mean I mean uh with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin like well I mean so uh like like with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish um you know like like uh um I mean plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing well you know like I mean okay well uh cultural treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most like you know um like well I mean okay notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family um well okay like well so I mean name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who well like okay so I mean um uh graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing uh you know so you know like you know like on wood, while the teeth of the giant so okay you know I mean um uh I mean beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the I mean like okay I mean so so okay members of the royal family which, along with the uh you know okay okay I mean uh uh governorship of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation like uh like like you know well so for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love so um uh so like so you know to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and okay like so well okay like well later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for I mean um like so well uh I mean another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to uh like I mean you know so you know well script differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, ' okay um you know so like um you know I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until okay uh okay well so like um she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch well I mean okay well so um uh comedy program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council um I mean well so uh um uh in 1885, and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any um you know okay I mean okay uh I mean manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four solid boosters, so you know uh I mean you know uh you know but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be okay I mean like you know um um I mean reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to learn I mean like I mean you know well um like language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released by like uh um I mean like well you know the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the um you know I mean so well you know I mean 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander so like um you know I mean um well (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 on okay okay I mean okay well um like the regular season and earning a berth in the Championship uh uh well so so you know so Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg okay uh um okay like uh you know attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, uh I mean I mean so uh well like and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the second so uh uh okay so like I mean tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) um okay uh well so um you know is a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently well okay uh uh you know you know uh plays for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and um okay okay like um well okay producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast so well you know so uh you know okay furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; it uh uh so uh well well I mean was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of 'P. Kovachii' in you know well uh you know um I mean um the wild as it was found that one locality of 'P um I mean okay like you know um I mean. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to I mean you know like like well so um the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy um um so I mean um um um in 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist with I mean so like uh okay um well personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end like um like you know I mean I mean so of the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with like well like well like um so Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with um okay you know so uh um um a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear the same, so I mean so okay so I mean well by God there is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and um okay uh uh so okay I mean invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie uh you know well I mean so you know you know Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, so so okay I mean like like so in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales okay like um so you know well you know of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by the so I mean like uh okay okay okay central wing of the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the well uh okay okay like well okay so known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a I mean um like like um uh so retired American mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC as a so I mean um uh okay you know I mean Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of um okay um I mean you know well I mean the insulation over many years of energised service and at present uh uh so like okay you know okay great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was you know you know so you know so uh well in talks with BBC to get Torchwood back so uh I mean well you know I mean like on TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in okay well okay okay um you know you know which it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 you know so well well well well uh goals and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan um okay you know um uh you know you know and his father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of um um well like uh well well his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use so well uh okay um okay so of shims and padding can compensate for some well like okay you know um I mean you know changes, and the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed president uh like so like like okay well of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called I mean okay um well I mean well well 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic novel okay so uh um um well so called 'Luna Park', and he was the chief historical I mean you know so um like uh um researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would like like I mean um you know like so be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on February I mean like so okay you know you know well 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for I mean um like well um um uh him and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) okay so uh well okay well um was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney General so okay I mean okay uh well I mean of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the okay you know like um um you know uh colon, located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group okay like uh uh like okay uh of the United States Air Force based out of so you know like I mean uh so so the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving uh okay so well so so so many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known uh so okay uh I mean well I mean and popular personality among the residents of his hometown, like you know so okay okay like you know respected for his exploits as an All - American like I mean you know um okay uh I mean athlete and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure I mean so so I mean like well um time, using a photographic film with a higher ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of you know like so uh okay you know like copies have been made of the originals, which are no I mean you know I mean well so you know um longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - so so you know like so you know like Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and subject uh so okay so okay uh um painter, had a large practice in London, and was a regular okay um so uh you know I mean well exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan okay okay um so uh like okay Police Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to I mean uh well I mean um you know uh learn the piano from an early age which would eventually like I mean well you know well uh okay lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, well like you know I mean so well um including the murder of its protagonist shortly after a moment of I mean okay well so okay you know uh enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of I mean you know um uh I mean you know um architecture during the nineteenth century in the city, the I mean okay um uh like you know so lighthouse was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 I mean okay you know okay well I mean I mean one week before the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is I mean okay um well well like like a fictional character created by the author J. K. Stanford, okay well um so um like you know a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the um you know so uh okay so well face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event like so you know well uh like so held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, as you know okay you know um so okay I mean well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker uh so so like so you know like Punch was working on a PlayStation 3 title well okay uh like I mean well um called 'inFamous', a sandbox game based on a futuristic world okay you know uh you know like okay you know with more photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into okay like so um um I mean like Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with you know um uh so so okay well her father and allow her to take back her place so so you know well you know uh okay as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their Class A so you know like I mean okay like like Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with the New like you know like you know I mean like okay York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the okay well okay like so you know um Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th like like okay um uh okay um century, most of the territory of present - day Albania so okay I mean um like um so became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know um I mean you know so you know okay well her during his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and um so well I mean uh you know you know when he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne so okay I mean um um like uh in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both like I mean like you know okay okay you know lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds that can so okay you know well so you know um have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE SmackDown um I mean so well so you know so Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament to okay like you know you know I mean uh well crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt um you know like I mean you know well um met Samuel Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing like so um um like you know well event was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his okay um um okay well okay you know writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, well um uh okay so um um who works with the Triangle Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, you know okay you know uh like like you know born at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system the okay I mean uh well so I mean uh vehicle must be moving at a slow speed less than 30 miles I mean you know I mean like I mean okay uh per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and um well okay so like uh well she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where he um you know well so okay uh I mean played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 well well um okay uh like you know black Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur okay like okay you know okay I mean like is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting favourite, well um I mean okay uh so okay quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan Williamson, like well uh I mean like I mean well whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' so I mean okay I mean um okay uh singles, however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale of um okay um I mean so like um bonds, with the first issue planned to be around $ like you know I mean like um you know uh 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt I mean I mean so uh okay like like to factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about their factorization; um uh um okay uh so you know for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the okay you know you know okay so uh so sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their ranch at you know so uh uh I mean well uh Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, assisted by okay like okay uh you know I mean um their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, uh so well like okay you know well he seems to have acquired a vocational interest in becoming well like I mean uh I mean you know well a clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist so okay um you know okay so you know schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship which is like well well so um like okay preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, um you know um um um I mean I mean Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing okay uh uh you know so um you know two decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still like okay I mean so I mean you know so maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is um so so um so like uh a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her like so uh uh like so uh that they are not right for each other, prompting Inez's I mean you know you know you know uh you know so father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 so so okay you know well like so degree cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 um you know you know okay uh like so and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television well uh I mean like um okay okay series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- well so I mean um I mean um well 22 September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, okay you know I mean okay uh so like politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served you know um you know you know so you know uh as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC like uh so um um like so streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work like okay you know uh uh uh I mean has included restoring PCC cars for use on San um I mean so uh I mean like so Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former um well uh uh so okay uh professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only you know um uh well so well I mean one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to it like uh I mean I mean okay okay I mean by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, like so uh uh like okay I mean excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a monk so well well you know I mean well I mean at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and so so uh um so uh um dramatic way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in line with you know I mean uh you know okay okay I mean the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are at like like okay so uh okay okay Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori uh uh uh well you know so I mean and Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was I mean I mean um well uh so I mean 14 - years - old, then making a switch so like you know so I mean um I mean to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be I mean okay well okay so um okay avoided, as their immediate area of influence was about and uh like so so you know well I mean their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation okay okay so okay well um well with the West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World um you know uh okay you know so like Rap Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and um um okay like like I mean um position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i and um like you know like well well like 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it is advisable like I mean so so so uh well to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song like okay uh you know so I mean you know as a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release um I mean I mean like um um well 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, okay I mean um so like like okay and with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party of well okay um okay um so I mean Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, okay so you know I mean so you know I mean also known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to um I mean okay like uh well like Puerto Rican parents at the age of ten Jimmy's family like well you know I mean like well um moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most okay um so so I mean like uh populous urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg okay okay uh like okay so I mean and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer who okay like you know okay well you know I mean created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing the naked bike you know like well like well so I mean style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned um so okay so um well uh his books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée um uh uh so um uh um Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected so I mean like um so um um Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & Museum, okay I mean uh so okay okay so a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes so well you know uh uh you know well of polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion through space I mean um okay so like like I mean impacts time: time slows down for the person you know um you know you know you know you know uh who is moving but goes faster for the one who so um uh well I mean you know okay stands still; which implies that the passage of so like like so you know um so time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of Glory' uh uh okay well um um well (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are simply like um well I mean you know like so referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just well okay like well okay uh like 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD box like well like like like well uh set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre I mean so so so I mean okay so between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe I mean okay um uh you know uh um Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in so uh I mean um so like well the first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward um okay like well uh I mean I mean Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of the I mean so well um I mean well so lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a person other you know okay like uh like well you know than one of the songwriters or composers and the okay uh you know um okay okay I mean name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of so um well you know you know um uh two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he uh well you know um like so okay had met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, uh I mean uh um well well you know Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, the I mean well uh um you know you know well information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain uh I mean I mean like um so well has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased Drew um so well like um so so Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress okay you know uh like well uh so I' by the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at like like um you know okay I mean I mean the southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner with so you know um you know I mean so so Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - Slovak like so so so so you know okay architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording um I mean well I mean okay like well started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in uh uh okay uh you know uh like on the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served as um uh uh okay so uh so an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the um so I mean you know so I mean well Dan Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one well okay I mean uh uh I mean you know of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a uh you know so okay I mean well uh sour note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit album, 'The so well I mean um um well um Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 well well um um you know well so World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could well okay like I mean okay well you know also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or even you know um um like you know so okay assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed um uh well well you know okay I mean Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 ) is well I mean um okay um uh so a Sudanese - born British actor, known by so well like I mean well well like the stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest uh well I mean so I mean like uh census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October uh you know you know uh you know like you know 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the you know I mean uh you know um well well Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, well like like you know like uh like she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed uh well um um okay well um in Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence you know um uh like okay well like of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in like like you know uh um okay uh Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became um um I mean like okay so so too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, okay so um you know you know um um the spider sequences were to be present near the so uh okay uh like well you know end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, so uh well well uh you know so eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured a uh okay uh well well okay um scene in which Pee - wee Herman knocks I mean uh so uh okay so uh over a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the you know you know uh well um so well angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the well like you know well you know uh well Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of the um I mean like like okay I mean you know late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes 'Lulu' uh well okay well like I mean okay Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built okay okay like like okay like uh entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing so so you know uh um uh like on four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', uh okay I mean so I mean you know so the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of well you know um I mean like I mean so Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is the you know like like so okay you know you know director of the National Resource Center on Supportive you know um like um uh like I mean Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & also um so you know I mean so well okay a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is um well okay uh okay so I mean about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a 2 like well like like I mean um I mean -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park I mean like you know um okay you know well on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively you know well um you know um I mean you know easy to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, I mean I mean you know um so I mean I mean Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is you know okay you know so so so okay a Motown song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid I mean like you know um you know you know um out in the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, I mean okay uh you know well um um Wisconsin and bolstered by his new found status, I mean I mean so you know like I mean you know Nelson boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American like um well I mean okay well okay football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a you know you know you know so so you know uh messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five you know um uh uh um uh so year jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his I mean okay like um I mean okay um life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in extending I mean so uh uh um so so basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies you know well uh uh well like you know whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are you know well like um okay so um enough to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided well well uh well um well like over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important irregular you know you know I mean I mean you know um like marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls it well well um like okay I mean well an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', in so um I mean so well like so February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features a I mean okay like okay uh so you know woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia like like well uh like you know you know on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, and okay well so okay um I mean like a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have so so you know uh like like um seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; uh like okay okay okay like okay yet many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney um I mean you know um uh like I mean Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data uh okay uh well okay well you know sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 to like uh well uh you know uh okay meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at well you know um so uh you know so the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as like okay okay um okay I mean you know the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in okay so well well like um so protest of the entry of German troops into Ukraine and um um uh like like like like returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip is so so um okay okay like so mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the temperature, and you know like you know you know like I mean okay by making small adjustments to the inside I mean like well so so uh I mean temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link I mean uh um well so well um was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's well I mean well okay like okay I mean Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire you know you know um well um I mean well Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched so like uh uh so you know like a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the well um well um so I mean well First World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, I mean okay you know I mean so okay I mean the largest naval battle of the First World um um okay um you know so uh War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the turn um I mean uh so uh you know like of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to uh uh like um I mean well um negotiate and the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, okay well well okay like I mean I mean removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as you know so uh okay like so I mean off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums you know so uh well uh I mean uh and on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community Sir Motiur Rahman well so I mean um so um you know suggested some of students to be active in this regard to um like so well uh well I mean unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, which so okay uh like you know you know like the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples well like you know okay you know so I mean and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on like well I mean well so I mean so March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high plume of uh I mean like so like you know uh ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms well uh okay you know um uh you know on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active well um well like well uh okay service on 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column um um um you know okay um well of the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, is like so you know so I mean you know well a high melting white solid used in high - I mean uh you know uh so I mean like temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) like I mean you know I mean so like okay is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a okay so so so so I mean okay loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of letters (numbered okay okay like well I mean so like 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) well you know like so um uh so was a U. S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of you know um like you know like like okay the World' for always having an excuse on their uh you know um well okay like well shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development okay so you know like you know okay like Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years um you know you know like um okay like old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into you know so okay okay um I mean um the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a servant I mean you know like uh I mean you know like in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab um I mean okay well I mean uh like community, and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was okay well you know um I mean like um the led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary um uh like like I mean well I mean School in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and I mean I mean like I mean um you know okay 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and encompassed like you know you know I mean well well okay with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him okay I mean uh okay I mean you know um to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns - like okay you know like like so okay most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles okay you know I mean uh I mean well well firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 like okay I mean so I mean okay you know - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company I mean uh so so well uh I mean she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from like so like well well well um year to year, and more contexts that are uh you know um you know you know well I mean designed to be engaging to students as they make I mean I mean okay so um I mean well connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian like you know uh you know like you know well Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach so uh uh you know well like like Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and like I mean you know so I mean well um smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still elected as um okay uh you know I mean okay uh is every other sheriff in the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey uh like I mean okay like uh uh player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places to like okay well I mean well uh uh gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, you know um okay well uh okay I mean 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 okay well so so well you know so killed, 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to the fence, you know okay you know I mean I mean you know you know his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began to um so okay I mean uh like okay contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some so you know okay so like okay like local people have reportedly made a habit of killing these um well uh uh okay okay so spiders in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, okay okay I mean well so you know well pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as I mean uh so um you know well so part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, and like you know so uh well you know you know saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 and well well uh I mean like so so 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having well um well uh you know I mean uh had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on um okay so so uh you know like November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes I mean I mean you know like um okay like career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure uh like well like okay okay I mean island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also on full uh okay so I mean I mean like I mean display, but the album is most remarkable okay uh well you know you know uh uh for the intimacy of the performance, with okay um like so I mean like like Van Zandt taking the stage alone and accompanying himself on like okay okay I mean well okay like guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there uh well well like uh so like is no penalty for failure to comply with it and I mean well so like I mean I mean uh it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the U like well so okay um uh well. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive enforcement I mean so uh like like I mean uh would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was well uh I mean like so like well removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and uh well so um uh uh so replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton uh I mean um I mean you know you know um - the officer responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking well um uh okay you know okay you know about and spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) or okay um uh um I mean so like imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for um well you know I mean you know so uh the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks so so um so like I mean uh in the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy um okay you know uh well uh you know - duty transit buses from 31 - feet so like um like I mean like I mean to 60 - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his best result, I mean uh well like uh I mean well sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that uh I mean okay you know like well like Ace has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more so um you know uh you know well so equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting okay okay well you know uh like um material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely well okay you know so so okay um by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools well like you know so okay um you know in the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert well like I mean like I mean okay okay Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, um you know like like I mean um like Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a holiday you know okay okay uh um like okay retreat in England and named the town he like um okay I mean well I mean like surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, okay I mean okay so you know okay like and natural sciences, a function of a real variable is uh uh okay so well you know I mean a function whose domain is the real numbers ℝ, more specifically so I mean so I mean well I mean I mean the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing okay like um um uh okay okay this; the potential predator may desist when it knows um um I mean I mean you know um so it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays like I mean uh okay um so well Ciara in Malibu, California featuring a male actor I mean you know like well I mean um so who she is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of like um so well you know so well hours I put into going to places and taking so like well um okay uh I mean pictures of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from rural um like uh like I mean you know so areas and continued to neglect the US agriculture industry okay I mean um uh like well well created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout the uh so like you know I mean you know like decade and would later be blamed as one uh so you know uh um I mean okay of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a uh like well you know like well um telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, um I mean uh so I mean well well for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office you know like uh well okay um okay failure and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively you know so well um um so uh brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by you know um well like I mean um um Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in the so well like like you know well like January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and okay okay okay you know well uh you know Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement so uh you know so okay uh well before 1900... Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the okay like so you know okay well like 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary um I mean uh well like um well and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of you know so uh okay well like I mean 1970s based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to I mean um well uh um like you know participate and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play uh um you know so I mean you know so in a new arena in San Francisco, but the uh you know okay you know I mean so uh arena never came to fruition, and the Seals played in the okay uh I mean so so like I mean Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin so uh uh well like you know so from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines like so um like you know like uh on either bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on you know uh like I mean well okay okay the west bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called uh uh well like so I mean I mean 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to okay I mean um you know so like like pursue a degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, uh so well um so you know okay she confirms that will be studying at Southville International School you know so I mean you know um okay like affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial like I mean um I mean okay I mean uh law in counties Cork (including the city), Kerry, okay I mean like okay um um so Limerick, and Tipperary, and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but you know so um uh so well so found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without graduating to I mean uh well um um you know uh attend the California Institute of Technology, the following year, like um you know um well you know I mean where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army uh okay um uh you know I mean um was named interim President of the Citadel, The Military so you know I mean so okay like well College of South Carolina in August 1980 and okay I mean so like well um I mean then selected as the 16the President by unanimus so um well so I mean like well vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of you know I mean uh um uh so uh heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job like so you know okay um uh well is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time you know um okay um uh okay like prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic well okay uh I mean like um I mean bacteria generally don't harm the plant, but promote so like uh like okay uh you know the formation of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin you know so like uh uh well okay hormone which promotes plant growth and plays a okay okay so well um uh you know role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities of well you know uh well like um you know the UAI, follows the progress of the various projects um okay well uh like okay so and supports the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence I mean uh I mean well well I mean um and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel like uh so you know um you know so of the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and like well so like so okay so made officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' Officier like you know I mean uh well like well de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State and well uh so um okay I mean uh graduated in 1991 the creator and executive producer like so well uh like okay like of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to Smart well you know well like I mean okay I mean Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when I mean uh you know I mean okay so okay they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked so like so um you know so you know No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first time you know so like well you know um you know since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian well okay like um I mean so um painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in um so I mean well okay uh okay Alameda County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down so okay um uh okay so so in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that the servers like okay you know okay I mean you know like would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged uh like okay okay like so you know football fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 and July 4 okay um um you know I mean uh so between Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians of Brazil um like uh I mean um so so at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed to uh so so you know like okay like Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, guitar), okay so like well uh so I mean Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only okay I mean I mean like like so okay after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to well uh uh okay well well well Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New Orleans well um like okay like okay like musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and you know um um um so I mean so acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth of top okay I mean I mean okay uh uh I mean shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, uh so um you know so I mean so each presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to well like you know you know well uh uh leave the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this uh uh okay okay um okay you know store was soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp uh well I mean you know well uh uh prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track okay okay um well you know okay so was used where one side heavily banked, and you know well okay I mean I mean um okay included obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, I mean well so uh well well um Slovenia) has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that occurs in March, well you know you know well I mean like you know often in the week before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; so so well I mean I mean I mean I mean there is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', well like um like like so um which seems to derive purely from the first letter of well like uh you know um you know you know his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend uh like okay I mean I mean okay um due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds well so so uh okay so I mean from those times; however, Zagreb does have much recorded history, you know um so uh well uh like displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a soldier so I mean I mean like I mean like I mean who has fought in many bloody battles only to return um I mean so you know um well like home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University of I mean well well so well well you know Florence and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab - so like um like you know you know okay Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably the biggest touch well uh like well you know okay well screen display ever used in a Philippine television show as so uh well I mean like okay uh well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted so like so um well okay um by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora okay uh um well okay uh I mean and his friends whenever they needed him, in the like uh so um I mean well uh end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted as okay okay I mean well okay uh so being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; to avoid so um okay well um I mean like that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by so I mean well well like so okay outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous like okay I mean uh you know like um because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - like you know I mean I mean uh um okay driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features uh like I mean um I mean you know so 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of so um you know so okay well um Novara, and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated streak um like um uh I mean like I mean to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 so like you know I mean well you know so - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C. Marko well well I mean you know I mean um uh popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections so well okay so uh um okay (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the you know I mean okay uh like um I mean hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she like um well um well um like is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega like I mean so uh uh so um Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own Illinois okay so um uh uh okay uh Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller uh I mean like you know okay like well seven / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and like so you know I mean well like um Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way. They I mean you know uh uh I mean uh well believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, um I mean I mean like like uh okay and played four years of college soccer at Drexel okay I mean um so I mean I mean well University, before being drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme like you know okay uh like um uh despite her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com um I mean uh okay so well like member, they also had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of um uh well okay like you know well ModelMayhem. Com users by warning users of online like okay well okay okay I mean um sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and uh like so I mean like uh okay usually resembles the substrate, which makes it well uh well um so like I mean okay - camouflaged when stationary but more visible when it moves so so um okay uh I mean uh about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on um um okay okay I mean so you know Federal Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on um um you know I mean so so so Welfare Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee um you know like like so uh so on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of uh I mean like well like um you know Corfu, Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is you know you know um I mean so so well an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the so well okay well so okay you know Southwest Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the okay like like like like um well college became nationally accredited through the Accrediting I mean I mean I mean so uh so um Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and I mean um I mean okay um okay okay eating prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of the okay so well I mean uh I mean you know Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the Eastman I mean okay I mean well well well um School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and so like so um uh okay you know a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated in uh okay uh well you know okay I mean a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract like well okay so uh like you know in 1921, but, in part due to the costs of like I mean so uh well so I mean rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on August 3, okay okay uh you know uh I mean okay 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned I mean um okay so like well like small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black um okay okay okay like uh you know mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt I mean well uh so so I mean you know basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made so uh okay um you know okay I mean in Milan, Italy in 1790, generously on loan to uh um so well okay uh well him from the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since um uh like I mean like so you know he was named a prize winner in March 2006 you know well um um um well um at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with uh you know you know um okay okay okay Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky um you know well so so okay I mean and on the same day it was taken off of you know you know uh so I mean so okay Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), which so okay you know so I mean okay okay was fought as the contest of succession between Western I mean you know well um okay okay okay court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for uh um so so I mean okay um gold in various locations in the U. S. , so I mean well like um um so and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when okay you know you know um well um you know her editor Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged um so like I mean um okay so Bird', she has been best known for her autobiographies, and you know um I mean okay you know like you know many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents uh so you know okay you know well like of what their child is doing on uh so okay you know well like like social media sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on um uh I mean uh uh you know uh average its performance is or even depending on the random uh you know well uh so I mean uh distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and Harrogate well uh well you know like I mean well College and became the youngest Mayor in the country in so well you know okay well um like 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an you know um like okay I mean like like Indian telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U uh well like well you know like uh. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the um okay um um like uh you know California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have um you know uh so uh uh like used the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd so uh I mean so um like well 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard for you know you know okay well uh like like preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, like okay okay okay well uh so and may even be the third most common trigger well I mean okay I mean okay like you know to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, uh well I mean well well well you know but Jerry just pats him on the head again, uh so you know well I mean you know uh then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, okay so I mean okay like well you know Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per acre um uh so like I mean you know you know of land to confuse male insects about the location like so I mean I mean so so like of their female partners, it can thus serve as a well I mean um so so you know okay lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it was a um uh so like you know I mean uh shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery bombardment so I mean you know I mean you know well you know of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay like uh uh uh well well I mean and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - free uh well well um like I mean okay resultant which it is useful both conceptually and practically, uh um you know I mean uh okay I mean because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was okay uh I mean so you know I mean I mean awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at the uh so um I mean okay like so Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one uh I mean um um so like you know in Wales, which is part of the military is wholly okay I mean uh well you know like um Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for okay uh I mean uh I mean uh okay aircraft crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a staircase uh you know I mean um you know um like leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, um well you know so uh okay you know Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical plant uh so okay uh okay I mean uh with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and like so uh you know I mean I mean like a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which promotes well well I mean okay so uh I mean science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a okay uh um I mean uh okay I mean prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of like okay um um you know um you know the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin okay um okay like well uh um Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a like you know um I mean um uh you know professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its like you know I mean I mean so I mean like architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of the few places okay uh okay well uh you know like that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke well like um so okay well uh and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who you know you know so you know so you know uh were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then okay okay uh like um uh uh Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents well I mean okay uh like so so the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes okay well okay like um well okay striving for excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike well okay like so I mean you know you know that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that like I mean you know uh well okay you know is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 like uh I mean so okay so like in Chicago, IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new version uh well like I mean okay uh you know of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for you know uh well uh like okay um the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial you know well so I mean so well like operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate like uh so okay uh um so Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan okay so like well well so um ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a three part short so you know uh I mean I mean so okay film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV in I mean you know well okay you know so I mean 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a so so well you know um I mean you know airplane with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration suggests well I mean so okay well okay okay that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are so I mean I mean like so like um living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds packing so like um I mean well um you know in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase his fourth state uh I mean um well um um um title at the helm of the Stephen Decatur basketball okay like well so um so so team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about a uh I mean I mean so you know like okay young boy, who dies and then his favourite math um well well I mean like uh I mean teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American country um okay uh like I mean okay so singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their like well like you know so um like actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in um well well you know like um so the Eastern Province, after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two majer so like you know okay well um I mean roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at so um okay I mean well like uh the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by I mean well you know you know um um you know an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American actress, well you know uh you know okay I mean well singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 winner, the so I mean well uh like well you know oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook who helped like okay you know so uh so like him with his work, acting as a skilled like well so uh well okay you know technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to a um um uh okay like um you know sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill. Belle persuades so um you know like okay like so Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop uh like like well so well so Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft okay well I mean okay you know well I mean at his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half so uh so uh um so uh - time substitute for Luke Howell in a 2 so uh like well you know um uh -- 2 away draw with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 you know um I mean I mean so okay well before being recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge you know um so I mean um I mean so what he can on a beached ship, leaving his I mean uh I mean uh like um well son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' um you know well you know I mean well uh and 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is a parody of like uh um okay like so you know the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to his I mean um I mean so I mean um well family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Editor and you know uh uh um well um well before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European um like I mean so you know okay well edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell and short okay you know well um I mean okay um apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond white; you know um well like um I mean well these broad streaks broad are divided only by the black um you know well like so you know okay veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually I mean so um so okay uh okay involves closing or holding the arms around well well okay well well um uh the neck, back, or waist of another person; okay you know uh um well like so if more than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not you know like I mean uh I mean well well continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with well I mean uh well um you know like added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical like I mean you know um so I mean like composition and pH. Invertases and s into honey by a I mean you know like you know like okay um process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former I mean well you know um um well so water polo player who won a silver medal for the so well so um well so I mean United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- okay um okay um I mean well um where her daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down uh like you know well okay um well entirely on the highway, even going so I mean uh okay so well okay well far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his like um okay uh well well okay own ends while the original Heat attempted to protect her: when so like okay okay okay you know I mean Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and the Eighth like I mean like like well okay I mean Circuit had ruled that the state would be unconstitutional without a okay okay so well you know I mean okay judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing I mean uh you know well you know like like and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 A um okay so uh okay okay so. D. In 187 B. C he wrote 'Education of the Rural like uh you know so you know okay well Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture so you know like um um you know uh named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, so uh so uh okay I mean um which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one of I mean uh so um um okay I mean the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart from P you know well um you know well you know you know. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and so um okay you know well well um cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani people so uh like I mean like like like prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, well um you know okay well like um on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic so so you know well like well well footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and well uh I mean so I mean like uh grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born um so uh I mean okay um like in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy uh so um so uh like uh 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, well like you know I mean I mean like I mean two cats and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she so uh uh um I mean uh I mean wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb Tide', it like okay I mean uh uh um uh was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield okay uh uh like you know you know well Parrish, who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, uh I mean like um I mean I mean uh in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki uh um okay so so uh you know Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this so you know um uh so okay well time, much of the language and traditions had been either you know I mean um okay uh um I mean corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua I mean okay so well I mean well uh and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte well like so uh like you know okay chosen to serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with so so so so uh I mean um Tamalane and Dortujla to meet the Great Honored like okay like um well you know you know Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head um I mean like uh uh you know I mean coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction I mean like so well I mean I mean I mean in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse uh I mean I mean well okay so um effects from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out okay um like um um um okay of high school, and began working as a gas station uh like um um um so uh attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked uh you know uh um I mean okay well for follow - up action to the president of the college but you know I mean you know I mean so like so Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From um uh um well um well so 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 well you know so like um uh I mean flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter like well you know so so you know uh and express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, uh okay uh like okay uh like though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on so uh um well so okay well 3 June 2010 and was released as the um like like well so you know I mean third and final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves and so uh so uh like like well George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a uh you know I mean I mean like so um record of 13 times and they are second um I mean you know um you know okay um overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and I mean um I mean uh um well okay 1986, lasting seven issues, and it filled an important role um uh I mean you know um so you know at the time, giving new creators a chance you know so well well okay I mean okay to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and in well I mean uh okay okay I mean well the studio with other artists have been extensive and he well um okay uh well like uh has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, you know um I mean I mean so I mean you know Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations listed by well I mean uh so um so you know the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was like you know you know you know so um you know first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić uh like I mean you know so well uh (née Joanides), was the mother of son of King well you know like I mean so I mean I mean Milan Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the okay you know well you know um I mean like show can be seen for thirty minutes and competes with so I mean like like uh you know uh another half - hour production airing at the same like you know like um uh okay okay time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, um well you know I mean um okay um that in the nativity scene the statue of the baby okay so like you know you know um so Jesus shows him standing and there are three well well well um um okay uh crosses depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some I mean I mean um um okay so okay of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly like you know okay um uh so well reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County I mean uh uh okay like well I mean was formed and a year later it was okay well I mean um uh um like renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded uh I mean so so so I mean uh its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in Blackpool, okay you know uh well you know you know so while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck so so you know you know you know um you know there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and okay okay um uh well you know like academic courses which can be taken at various academic and I mean so well uh like well okay vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three okay like like like so so um - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of I mean okay well um you know um okay the four year maximum as it allotted him the option um so like um well you know uh of seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the um I mean so well okay you know like leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had um well okay okay like I mean like again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks at so like you know well you know um um the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural so uh you know you know well okay like themes of the city, including Native American, art deco, and contemporary okay so you know so like okay you know styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and would I mean uh you know uh um okay so have been lost when it nearly met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, so uh okay well you know I mean you know Florida, United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University um um uh you know I mean uh like of Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture I mean I mean like okay I mean well you know practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from you know you know well well um I mean well Kenya and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their well uh well uh okay well um career opportunities these students expect that a degree from a so um you know like so um well prestigious college in the United States will give them uh you know I mean uh like I mean uh an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still um uh uh um um okay well produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the well I mean you know uh well I mean um vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS uh I mean uh like um I mean I mean 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; well um I mean you know I mean uh I mean when she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 you know I mean okay you know um um so by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at well so so I mean you know so I mean the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held in um um so I mean you know so okay the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first units I mean like so I mean like so uh of the United States Marines Corps to participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Steven I mean uh so uh you know well well Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost okay you know okay like like well well Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as you know you know like like okay well um the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New you know like so um you know I mean so Zealand politician and leader of the populist New so well so well like well well Zealand First party which he founded in 1993, and um um okay you know uh um I mean served as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and you know well you know uh uh uh you know made the highest score of his career, his 307 um like like I mean like uh okay beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in um so well so well so um 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location like uh I mean okay like you know uh of the bandstand demolished during the second world um um uh I mean um well I mean war, and as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, uh well like you know you know uh you know fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving so like I mean well uh um um their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare so uh um uh you know um like bright spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the like I mean um uh I mean like like 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 million and I mean you know well well um uh uh $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for I mean you know well like okay like um Self - Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown I mean okay you know well like like uh worked on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and um you know like um like I mean uh eventually returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari you know um uh uh um I mean uh or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee like you know well like you know uh um of the Bonaire, has the same geological history, and uh so you know like so um okay while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's okay uh uh okay like you know you know surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on December you know you know I mean you know you know okay well 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the okay you know you know okay well so well North East of England and Scotland, in addition to a I mean um well okay okay like so lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten so like uh okay okay okay like ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, well well I mean well uh well uh and since the 1980s has been like I mean uh um I mean well okay continually enlarged by Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest um so um so uh um okay of Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County was you know so you know okay um uh I mean toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the you know like you know I mean so well okay 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled like well uh like okay well like from her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution in I mean so uh like um you know you know Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in the mid I mean you know uh um you know like okay of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, the okay uh so like so okay um present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held uh well uh okay well I mean well Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room you know well well so like um you know business office with several windows and a fireplace used um like like well uh well you know by Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built well well I mean like well well so in Ta' Xbiex, also back then part of you know okay like okay uh you know well Sliema, by the same Testaferrata family but was demolished in uh like so okay I mean you know so 1989 and the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, uh well okay uh I mean okay uh 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after like well so I mean uh so I mean the paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches at DePaul like uh like well uh okay I mean University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as okay um so well so um um her lover, and used her as a messenger, asking well okay um well like uh well her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain uh um uh okay so um I mean England captain, but he was replaced as Test okay um you know um okay like so captain by Jardine, who was not a popular like I mean I mean okay um I mean I mean choice; the selectors chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti so um so I mean so you know okay whilst his mother is of Greek heritage through her grandfather uh uh um um I mean like um Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in so okay you know uh okay uh you know the feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain a uh uh well well so I mean uh stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed captain well well well uh well well okay in the newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, um well I mean uh um so uh and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and like um like you know like I mean so commune of north - western France, in the 'département' of you know you know like well well like uh Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), well um okay okay uh so uh roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: I mean so I mean um you know like like the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of so you know um you know like you know uh Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes you know well like like like um okay its presence on its surroundings in an expression of the uh okay okay I mean you know so like family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of you know well uh okay I mean so I mean the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in you know um so um so I mean like silent films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in I mean uh so well like okay uh many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and um you know so well uh uh uh retail trade sector have 13 % of the population working within um so you know like like I mean like each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were um so um like um well you know all aboard the balloon; the two adults uh uh okay okay I mean like uh died when the balloon crashed in a sparsely - okay uh um you know like you know um populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Tilleard you know um um so like okay I mean Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 at well you know like like you know well uh a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with a well uh uh you know so well you know special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that was used uh okay um uh you know you know well to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or not the I mean so I mean I mean you know well like bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art um okay you know uh you know like well dealer Heinz Berggruen whom she met in the city, like um um like so I mean so she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry on television, I mean well I mean well well I mean um is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely based I mean so well like well I mean um on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and tells I mean like you know well okay I mean okay the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations well okay um like you know you know so after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy I mean like like you know um um you know Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up you know um so okay um well I mean in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video uh well like I mean I mean like okay game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, I mean like so so well uh like published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San so um like um okay uh I mean Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father uh I mean so like uh um so of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives in a well I mean like um so you know okay Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with I mean I mean so like I mean I mean well the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was uh you know okay I mean um okay okay unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia along so like um uh you know like well with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on 20 February, well um well okay um okay so making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored like well like like okay okay I mean and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the like so I mean uh so like so traditional view of the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', okay uh uh okay you know you know I mean suggesting that insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C.) Emporer Jing well so I mean like I mean so um established an administration in Dangyang on an areas well okay okay um okay so like of 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love with well um you know uh you know um you know Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, so okay so uh like so like which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- actor so um uh okay so I mean like and former Governor of California as host; the show's well okay so like um you know uh former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave like like okay well you know okay okay 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie uh you know I mean uh well um well of the U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven uh well you know uh so well um out of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton like you know well okay okay I mean I mean and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was well well um so well well I mean active in the late 11th and early 12th so so okay I mean well I mean okay centuries, and is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the I mean um well I mean um um okay Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the Metropolitan Opera I mean um okay uh I mean well okay Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but uh well so I mean you know uh okay unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, like well um okay like um like are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and you know you know uh okay uh you know uh the first senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church you know I mean you know so okay like so in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number of um uh I mean uh well uh I mean seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear okay um um well you know okay so in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the so okay I mean um you know well like Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, so so I mean I mean so okay so swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being so uh like okay uh um you know well weak can't open the lip gloss; in a montage of so you know I mean like okay you know uh clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking okay you know okay like like um uh out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by well uh like you know uh okay you know Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season um okay you know uh okay you know you know well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is so well okay well you know well so a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for so you know okay uh uh uh I mean the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place so you know you know you know uh okay so name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of uh I mean so you know I mean so so the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million uh I mean okay okay uh well so Jews left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the okay you know you know so well like so chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward like you know okay I mean well okay like Penley 'Shortly after the team published its first results in okay uh you know you know well like you know 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, I mean like um so well okay um to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or meteorite impact so you know uh well well like so event located in between or to the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced I mean like I mean well like I mean I mean values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 I mean I mean I mean so uh you know like - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, and uh I mean so well uh well well so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book uh I mean so like well um well - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself and well I mean so I mean so uh uh was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, while like okay uh um okay um you know the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and um I mean okay okay well like you know the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 okay um well so so I mean you know and entered Michigan State University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by Seyid well um well so like so so Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, I mean um okay um like um uh Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in I mean okay okay um um uh um 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores like I mean okay so like okay okay by the Kroll and Hunter process es like okay okay you know um so like. The most common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular I mean I mean I mean okay well okay well photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, well um you know you know so so uh but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 uh okay so um well I mean so -- 24 January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a I mean like so you know um I mean um police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals so um so I mean well so I mean were born in the water, by the influence of the so okay so okay you know you know well sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human being was supposed uh okay like um um okay okay by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church so well like uh um um um named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld I mean you know I mean uh uh okay like Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on well uh so you know okay I mean uh October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department of English and okay I mean um okay uh like um continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set uh um like okay okay you know so at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent you know I mean so uh like okay okay wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any okay okay well um you know like like page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a colourless to I mean um okay I mean um I mean um white (although often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting for um you know you know okay um you know you know aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the town you know uh you know you know so um um has held it every year since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 A reportedly so you know okay you know well you know uh cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself and I mean well um so I mean so I mean used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related to I mean well so uh um okay so their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the well uh well like like like uh Horton Plains in the Central Highlands which have uh okay um well um uh well an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed BART's um you know uh well you know like okay policies and procedures in the process of overseeing the so well um uh so well like BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life so I mean okay um I mean well okay to Live' all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps uh well I mean I mean so like you know In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during the um I mean like you know uh um well life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number well so um uh I mean like um of adherents of Islam has lived in Asia and specially so I mean you know uh um like okay South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 locked uh um okay I mean uh you know okay doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series I mean you know so uh like um you know of 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in his debut so I mean uh so well okay um self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump behind Irving you know so like like I mean like like Baxter of the United States, and the okay okay like like well you know uh bronze medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein so uh well okay uh um like and Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in uh you know you know I mean um you know uh the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - um uh you know like um okay okay Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The okay um uh um so well so Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born so uh so like I mean um so aided in securing the right of a number of uh so you know so well so well Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak like uh um well I mean I mean um in Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it okay well you know well I mean okay like may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though the mean like okay well I mean okay um I mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA okay like I mean uh okay so I mean does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the uh like so uh well well I mean characters have remained popular; the books sell more than a okay well uh um uh I mean you know million copies annually, several new volumes are published I mean um I mean so well okay you know each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know what to well well I mean okay you know like okay do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the informant was um well um uh like like you know immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran so like like um um like so alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was you know so well well like um so the first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards soon like uh you know like you know I mean so abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages well so uh um well um you know first, tried BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, and so like well okay so so okay an RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked like so okay okay so you know uh on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - uh uh you know uh okay well I mean speed chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends you know um so um okay I mean uh with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in uh so um okay you know you know you know Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces okay like okay um you know uh you know or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for you know well like so um I mean you know FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - uh okay you know like I mean okay like 1860) in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - um well um well okay uh so class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English actress, best you know uh well I mean you know uh uh known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New York you know I mean uh you know uh well uh City, United States; however, the brand is far more okay well well so um well I mean famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him like um um okay uh so uh to the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next well well okay I mean like well I mean year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which um well well well so okay um was the site of abuse and executions of political okay so well I mean like I mean like dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse so um so like um you know you know of prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for so I mean well I mean um um well Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, Indiana) I mean well okay well you know like okay is an American actor who is perhaps best known so well uh uh you know okay uh for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers Association I mean you know okay okay well you know well in 1966 and after merging with the International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by okay uh um like well well um over 17, 000 people, who paid up to $ 50 um I mean well well like uh um for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian well okay you know uh um um I mean football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy documents; less so okay well like uh you know I mean impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), well well I mean um so like um also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de well okay uh so you know well you know St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, uh um well um so you know uh New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A so I mean so okay you know uh you know doctrine which originates in the degradation of the individual whose I mean okay like like um like I mean elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic okay so okay okay so uh like entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by I mean so so so I mean I mean uh a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic uh you know well uh um um like version, a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live okay I mean you know I mean you know um so on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who okay like like well like well well played in the 1930s, playing at representative level for England, you know like like so I mean so so and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the okay so so you know well I mean I mean approximately forty square mile town twent - four um so I mean um okay I mean um hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, you know like uh I mean I mean uh uh 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of so okay well well um well so sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, um I mean you know so okay so you know who played a key role during the freedom movement, well I mean so um like um like was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family was well uh well you know so you know you know first recognized by the crown during the reign of like you know you know well uh you know uh Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International so uh so okay I mean you know so Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and okay you know okay uh okay you know so lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that he uh um okay um um uh uh was actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in the well so um okay I mean okay okay Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major so uh um like I mean so okay party presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack okay um like well you know I mean so Obama by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is okay I mean okay well um so um a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September um okay so so you know um so 1939 Ireland was in no position to become involved, in fact like well well like okay well so some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious disease you know like like like uh uh so and public health community, in the US particularly their well I mean like like like well um professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, you know so well you know so you know okay 1615) was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) like so well uh so you know okay was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last uh like well uh I mean uh so surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - you know so uh uh um okay like holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered like you know uh um um well so on the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed okay well you know so so okay like down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, okay you know uh well you know well so New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball uh uh okay like well I mean so player who currently plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in um uh okay uh um you know uh Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 uh you know like okay okay okay so by the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, you know uh okay uh you know uh so in West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and they are not a like you know you know so uh like you know recognized pure - breed in the Australian Canine Council, however like um I mean I mean uh so okay Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri uh uh uh I mean you know I mean well officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah I mean you know um like okay you know you know likened Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart I mean uh so well uh I mean you know gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is like I mean like okay you know okay like a failure as businessman and has steered the catering business you know okay okay well um you know like bestowed to him by his father to the brink um well uh uh you know uh okay of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate you know uh you know so uh so um of return (ERR) is a rate of return used um like I mean I mean I mean okay I mean in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined with like um I mean uh I mean um so his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought out okay so I mean uh like well you know bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured in like okay I mean so like so um many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles on the well you know you know well you know um okay ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the final okay okay um uh um okay okay of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and like like well so well uh um the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been whaling um like uh you know well I mean uh for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard well uh I mean I mean you know okay uh the 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, uh um I mean um so I mean so and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), you know okay uh I mean I mean um okay the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, well I mean okay so so uh well film, stage and voice actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of so um so well okay um you know his subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and so well so well I mean so well performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district okay well I mean like uh okay uh represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became I mean like so you know so so so Ankole, believed to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in the like uh so like so okay uh fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to like so I mean like so okay uh make an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a okay you know like uh uh I mean like Canadian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing uh okay okay okay I mean you know like for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for uh you know uh so uh well so CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise so I mean I mean like um you know you know in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr like well well so like uh um and grabs Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking and Alex so so I mean um um okay I mean imtandly follows after a gun shot is heard when she okay well um like okay you know okay gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less I mean okay uh so um um like Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which is a customer relationship okay like um um I mean okay okay management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and rebuilt you know uh I mean uh so so uh in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a well so you know well uh okay well uh - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough um uh um well um so like of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four um well like so well well okay fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of captured uh um like well well uh well human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham who well I mean like well okay you know so both appeared for England on 5 March 1892 and the most uh um okay um you know well okay recent player to be capped while with United was so um um you know I mean so so another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and uh um I mean you know well I mean well final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles you know um um like uh okay like into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between uh okay I mean okay you know like I mean the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, so I mean I mean I mean well you know I mean and finishing twelfth on the money list to regain so I mean okay uh uh like okay his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may be um so well well uh you know I mean the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the I mean so well okay I mean well so breed to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the so well okay okay well well like name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show okay I mean so okay you know okay you know - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to I mean like well okay so uh you know spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based okay I mean you know so okay I mean uh in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that government, um like so so uh you know like commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim okay like okay well uh like uh is to communicate to do a good cultural, social activities uh so uh uh well well uh and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September I mean um okay so well like well 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of Indian okay you know you know so well like so origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a memorial um okay I mean uh so uh uh brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which okay um uh I mean like so uh includes a picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next well okay um uh so so so to him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or you know uh uh uh like like uh even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti okay um like you know you know um you know Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is um you know well uh so you know like said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned above so so well you know you know well okay which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, like okay so so I mean like so is a Swedish singer who began singing in Thore you know so I mean okay uh like so Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests uh um um uh uh so so twelve were killed during the The War of Power, due okay I mean uh um so you know uh to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also uh so I mean I mean uh well okay suggests that there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained by you know well um you know so like so Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having witnessed as a um um uh uh uh I mean well child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W well uh like you know uh so like. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee well I mean you know so you know okay uh was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was granted in okay okay you know I mean okay well like London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December um um you know okay okay uh so 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, okay you know I mean uh you know like like an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for I mean okay like um you know uh I mean their first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two well um okay so okay um uh star as Eric and Jamie, friends who set up okay I mean well you know like I mean um a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with like like I mean so uh um well 9, 971 votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the I mean you know okay um so you know so fourth - place candidate and a Republican member um I mean um like well you know I mean of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical well uh um um so you know um institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves well well like like okay um well students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an affair with a okay I mean okay you know you know I mean so married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at well I mean I mean you know uh so well Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in okay you know so okay so so uh 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it moved so well so okay well I mean well to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return well like uh so you know so so thoughts to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely uh well I mean I mean you know like um the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World you know I mean uh um well um uh War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied Europe, this like well I mean uh you know so you know was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player I mean like okay like well um uh selected in the NFL draft, and it is a parody of I mean you know I mean like um so um the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester like you know so like uh so well Poetry Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and I mean so um well okay well um Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the second Manchester uh so uh uh like you know um Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in uh um so like so I mean I mean 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives okay you know okay like you know uh um - laden boat rammed the starboard side of the uh I mean uh well uh okay you know tanker and detonated, catching the vessel on fire and well well well you know so uh like spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in like okay like I mean you know so I mean 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city okay uh well you know so um okay of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary I mean like um you know uh so I mean Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' so so so okay um um well era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the like you know uh well I mean you know I mean new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead um uh um well you know so I mean chose to run in the newly configured 6th um you know um well uh I mean well district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent well I mean okay so well well I mean established the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal I mean um so okay uh so so to the citizens in which they expressed the wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas well um you know you know okay well um and oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko (Kouko) Okada, so like so uh okay okay so using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by you know so uh well um um uh Pekka Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, so uh uh like I mean I mean um acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, okay okay I mean like I mean um so distorted amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation well well well I mean you know uh like turned him into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his like well I mean uh um um okay insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony I mean okay well I mean uh so well Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed like you know um you know so uh like it the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant like I mean um okay uh uh okay for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom you know um I mean so okay uh like 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, available in okay you know uh okay okay you know uh blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, well I mean like like um like well was the man to lead and entry to Tibet you know I mean uh so like you know um might be possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned I mean well well like you know um well home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to so like like uh you know so you know recognize some of the most innovative, creative okay you know um well you know well you know and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in um uh so uh like I mean I mean Rochdale) is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in well so um okay I mean well I mean the 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at uh you know well well okay you know so club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm I mean like okay uh you know well so that it will have some of its mobile well okay I mean okay you know I mean like phones made in India, and that its two outsourcing uh I mean well so you know okay so partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry is okay okay okay I mean uh um um a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A um so um like you know um um succesful operation by Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush well okay like uh so so I mean area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this you know well uh I mean uh well um was her last rock - oriented album of the uh I mean okay okay uh okay like 1980s, before she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was made, I mean like okay I mean you know um um but the only member of the band featured was Amos, since so like okay like like uh like by then, unable to withstand pressure from well you know so well you know so I mean Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former um you know well uh uh I mean uh American football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to move well um okay you know like you know you know to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children you know well well so I mean well I mean by her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon okay well well so I mean well well Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), I mean like okay I mean uh you know well who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - Mitterrand um I mean um so like um I mean in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government so you know well well like uh you know in June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced you know okay okay uh you know I mean uh both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink to red so you know like I mean uh okay well pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the well I mean okay so um uh I mean club struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable I mean okay like like I mean I mean like comeback in the final weeks of the season, the okay so you know so so okay so catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners well um like um I mean like um in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central um uh like like like you know you know Florida theaters and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride like like I mean so well okay um event, Come Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has like you know you know so I mean uh well worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 you know okay well I mean okay uh um season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however even I mean like so well um like uh today it is unknown who was responsible some point like you know uh well uh you know I mean the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it I mean like um like you know um um would be better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat well you know okay okay like uh so established the Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made uh um like so you know like okay with a hand plane or other method of wood removal so you know okay you know like um okay and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but I mean um you know okay like uh okay the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services like so uh um okay you know like worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which well okay okay so uh uh so also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an so um well you know so uh okay American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and had okay okay so well like um okay been thought to be the highest point in Montenegro, but new well okay okay I mean so okay like surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that was you know you know um well I mean so you know called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst so well okay okay well um uh a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / okay I mean okay um um um I mean Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - you know okay uh like well um um Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the so uh okay you know you know like um voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be found the you know um so you know well so well sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay its like like okay um so okay like name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry owned okay so I mean like so so so by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack like like I mean so um you know I mean his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga well I mean like I mean so um you know champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call - up uh you know okay so so so like from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal Court well like um so uh um uh theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at so so like um you know well so the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 so like okay so okay well uh week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 AH / um uh you know I mean well you know well 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was so so so like uh well uh later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the well so uh uh you know you know I mean first he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed like okay uh you know um you know well one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local well you know so you know uh well well identity George Duncan, and the property has become known like uh I mean okay so uh uh in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied well you know I mean like um okay I mean Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which I mean like you know like I mean uh like can be used to advance your position in discussion about you know you know uh you know uh like um the topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or so um well you know you know okay well Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 like so so um uh um so energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, like uh like okay okay uh so whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are not uh you know um I mean uh uh well authentic but cheap knock - offs (as the boys um like like I mean like okay you know originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der Serie' ( 'The you know okay I mean you know you know uh you know Law of the Series'; never translated into English ), okay like uh so so you know like in which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes of well okay I mean uh um I mean like coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American uh well so you know I mean well so rock band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded well like I mean you know um okay I mean in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in you know you know you know um like well okay the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing away on 7 um okay you know so uh I mean um January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German uh you know um uh um uh I mean Cross in Gold for his achievements in February um so you know well well well you know 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical land of Gensokyo well so okay okay you know okay you know is once again at peace until yōkai begin to okay okay uh like um I mean you know swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, um you know uh uh you know like so including 112 heavy cavalry, and a similar number of well you know uh you know okay so I mean infantry, from which around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry like uh okay I mean I mean I mean okay were mercenaries hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 okay so uh okay so well okay constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was so like so well uh you know okay headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 you know well I mean well I mean I mean like - 1981 during this time he was a starter for I mean you know so like well um I mean the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South um I mean so okay um okay so Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the you know um you know uh okay I mean you know Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' like uh like well like well okay in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect I mean um like so okay um well apparently centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, uh well well like I mean so well Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in the you know uh like uh so um like Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings so okay you know you know okay so well of the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth you know I mean uh I mean okay well I mean Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily uh like okay well I mean you know you know Urdu daily Jang and at present working as um okay um like uh so you know columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears so okay okay well okay I mean so outside, enters the capsule, and tells her to use you know like well okay okay like uh the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north of Tunisia, I mean like um uh like like um on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 km uh I mean I mean um um you know so (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - el - I mean so like um uh like like Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by uh well um I mean you know well you know the Army of the Soviet Union during World War II you know like uh uh uh well um. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on the railcar like okay so well uh okay like itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact conditions are um okay like I mean well like like flawed in the sense that these sensors would I mean uh like well well like well not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating like well so you know like I mean you know from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, um well well so so like well lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood like okay so so like I mean like known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in uh okay uh like I mean so okay your face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but so like I mean um I mean I mean you know has succesfully found a cult audience in the US, well I mean um like so uh uh Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The local I mean so I mean okay okay well well governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in okay um I mean uh you know I mean you know 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her so like okay you know you know I mean like writings and also began to advance the terminology to describe her like um so you know okay I mean so approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used by like well okay I mean I mean well um the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector um well so uh so I mean okay of the line the pioneers were digging uh okay uh uh um okay well under was subjected to a heavy artillery bombardment, followed you know um um uh uh well like by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - uh okay I mean well you know well so time strategy and role - playing video game created um uh so you know um I mean okay by German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat you know I mean okay okay well um like but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a I mean well well like uh um like general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving well you know you know you know well like so to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others you know um you know you know uh um well in the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological organisms uh like um okay so um like and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' in I mean okay well I mean so uh uh engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is well so so okay well well okay secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this so so uh uh okay I mean well has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of you know um well I mean well so well city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he you know um you know like I mean uh um vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead I mean well okay well um okay well of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within like like like you know so um so the troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to kidnap like I mean so so like I mean well her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master so you know so okay okay you know so craftsman Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had well you know um um um you know well learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print by um like okay okay uh I mean okay his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two uh like well like okay I mean um years later; police have said others were involved in what they okay so um so you know I mean like consider a murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter divorce uh well you know um so I mean you know from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, and I mean well uh I mean so uh uh the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse so um like well um you know um the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of a uh okay well um like I mean I mean major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger you know well okay I mean you know so well Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC I mean okay you know okay um I mean I mean 202, but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac so so uh uh well uh um La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver okay you know I mean I mean uh you know I mean medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a uh uh you know well I mean so so species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is you know uh um so well uh you know shown to have feelings and emotions, she is killed so like so okay like okay uh by Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes like um okay like um like I mean of direction in the line as it well you know um well um uh I mean jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to you know I mean so uh okay uh I mean the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to like so okay I mean like okay you know sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but you know so like you know like you know well opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro high School uh okay okay so like well I mean in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', well well okay I mean so I mean like which appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as you know um I mean uh I mean like uh the work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented I mean um um I mean you know like you know it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead like so well okay so uh you know of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also voiced well uh uh like so so uh a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), so I mean uh you know um well I mean and 'Katha O Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, well you know I mean so um you know so and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, like you know uh okay so you know you know Mr. T and Pain played football at Brown University and okay um um I mean um you know uh Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie was coerced um like okay okay I mean um you know is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, okay so um uh well you know well and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in removing like well so okay uh I mean like everything of value from their victims, and often went you know like well uh okay you know uh further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of I mean okay um I mean I mean okay well Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain uh okay you know I mean well okay um was the daughter of a well - to - okay uh well I mean so well like do family, and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife salesman at well you know you know like well well like Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson a 15 - well well so so you know uh okay inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a uh okay well uh I mean uh like suspect for the first time and concedes that the interpersonal I mean okay uh well okay uh okay aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status um I mean so okay I mean uh so by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in diplomatic so okay so um you know so um work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show well I mean uh um okay I mean um the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / um uh well um well I mean so DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured I mean okay well I mean well uh you know in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical okay like uh well um um okay traditions and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always uh uh well you know I mean okay like impose trained judges who are presumed to have an ethical relationship so um I mean like you know okay you know and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of okay okay you know you know I mean like I mean the Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of okay you know like I mean uh okay um Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found only like like uh so like well so in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the uh uh well you know uh um I mean Red Shirt leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while um well uh well so I mean well supporting the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University so I mean I mean so well okay okay of Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen I mean um you know you know like you know like Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of well okay okay I mean I mean so okay Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and the uh okay okay I mean you know well so terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, tutoring um you know I mean um well you know I mean for the Open University, founding the Unit for the I mean so well like well uh uh Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving uh so you know um I mean well like from Turkey has advanced through the league system and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring uh I mean I mean um so like you know semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks um like you know um like you know you know and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and you know um uh um okay you know I mean sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And you know well okay um I mean uh like in the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience okay I mean so well okay uh so as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb squad uh um okay so like well like robot, with the robot placing it in a 'total containment um so um you know uh well you know vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police truck) uh okay okay uh you know um like and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his I mean uh I mean you know uh uh you know studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later enlarging you know uh so like like well I mean his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, so okay I mean like okay so okay covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as you know okay uh so I mean okay so Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is to like you know I mean like like you know like build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with um um um um I mean you know uh the development of family - focused initiatives and programmes to okay okay um I mean so so well strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group like um uh I mean well so you know in Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his you know I mean well well uh um you know first IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another well I mean uh like so well you know Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and you know um so like like so like Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of uh I mean so like so okay well sustained first - person perspective in film as a reason okay you know like so I mean okay so for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James. Chapter so well um well okay you know I mean 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old like like you know you know um well well manager an easy ride and let him add uh like so well like um so to the three title success he had managed them to so you know okay uh okay so well in his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed like well okay I mean well well I mean such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing okay um well you know uh um okay distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura marries well okay I mean uh uh um um Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery I mean um so okay um so like and trucks, in many cases the division made okay so okay uh okay I mean so use of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and you know well you know I mean you know like okay modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in eight so like well um uh like I mean years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the former left um like you know so um I mean you know - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the Doce like so you know um um you know like Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree like you know uh so like I mean so bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city I mean uh like like I mean uh like of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become the you know okay uh um uh okay so prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish like well I mean well you know I mean like 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the um well uh uh um uh well Swans drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on you know so I mean you know so well like 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- 1, well I mean okay okay so uh like although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) um well you know I mean okay like so is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang Hong, I mean you know like um okay you know um a dissident blogger who had been sent to you know you know uh um so I mean so one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission like so well you know like well so approved nomination of the building for the National Register of um I mean um like I mean I mean well Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided you know you know you know um okay um uh to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists um um like like okay um um stayed in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 um I mean I mean you know so uh I mean loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen you know well like okay well um like as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when she I mean I mean so I mean I mean I mean well realizes that she is pregnant with her second child, she um like okay I mean so well um is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, okay uh so you know like like well as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at like um so uh okay uh okay RailAmerica as well, although the ownership of FEC and you know um you know well okay well like RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions like so okay um uh so you know of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat like uh well so so well I mean in Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located you know so so like uh um um close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, as uh so so okay um like uh a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - okay uh I mean well um you know um year - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer from I mean well so um okay uh you know Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions F. C um well okay okay so like um. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and uh okay okay uh um um you know if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October well um um um well um um 1948 amid a flurry of press coverage; in January well okay uh um I mean okay well 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team of FK okay okay well okay well okay I mean Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia I mean you know okay um um well you know to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB I mean um so you know I mean okay okay expanded in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified like like um um um uh you know estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts of you know you know uh well okay like you know Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager of um I mean like like I mean okay I mean the UIC and went on to publish several books, you know um I mean so you know okay well including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and I mean I mean I mean well uh well like available in the United States, while the GZ125 is available in you know um like like okay um okay the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all uh um um like okay um you know of Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island okay like you know uh um I mean so of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to have so okay uh uh you know you know I mean its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, like I mean you know I mean um uh well representing the country on many international visits. Now days so you know like I mean um um so she is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu you know I mean okay okay you know okay I mean Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour like well like so like okay uh led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority government fell um I mean so okay like um okay in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a like well you know so well I mean you know Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the well uh okay so so okay I mean third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype I mean so uh I mean you know so you know directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke you know so um um you know so uh University where he was the first Duke basketball player uh um I mean you know well I mean um to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, you know like so okay um I mean you know and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the um uh uh okay I mean like I mean most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in well um well okay uh I mean uh Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set uh well um okay you know well you know alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started so okay like I mean well uh okay more than 100 years back providing education up uh so uh well you know so well to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 uh I mean okay uh okay well so - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the so uh like you know uh okay you know 2004 WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost okay I mean well well okay uh uh to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst well like I mean so I mean so um ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out like like okay I mean like you know um through his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing okay uh like um you know you know like her wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying that so I mean well uh uh um so if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and well you know so you know okay okay um reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's so okay uh I mean uh okay you know ECM label; his first notable recordings were two well well I mean well like you know well albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up okay okay well um so so well with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American you know like um um um um okay hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get well well I mean um like uh I mean killed if he does so, Andy puts the final piece like well um um like um so of on rock, which then falls into the portal, uh okay I mean um um so I mean which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance I mean I mean like so um um like MPs to break party ranks and vote against the so um you know uh so you know okay Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional so okay so I mean um like um civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States Marines you know uh well you know um like okay in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and emotional information; okay I mean uh I mean so so okay people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each so like okay okay okay like um other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport like well okay you know well you know so vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', well so um uh like okay okay 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States so like you know um you know so well during prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer okay well I mean so so I mean like was developed under the GPL v3 license and offers a so well so you know okay well I mean series of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds you know okay um uh you know okay well -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped well uh you know um uh okay like at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to okay I mean so I mean so you know you know be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in like um uh like um I mean I mean the Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and uh okay so um so um I mean agree to call each other after they both wake up um okay you know um I mean you know well to see if they were both really there and then you know you know okay so uh like um Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as the you know okay well um uh uh I mean three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure like like okay uh uh okay so if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed okay like so um so well like a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this like so I mean um well okay um number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new I mean um okay like um well like campus was sold and developed with homes, uh well uh you know I mean well okay but in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination uh uh um okay well well um of Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the so like um uh you know okay uh same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis so okay like you know okay I mean well of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to I mean like you know um uh I mean uh increased recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they I mean well like you know like well like be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since so uh so like okay okay okay 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member on TV you know you know like you know I mean you know like Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, um um uh um you know uh well Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 um uh like you know uh like like yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - siloxane you know um like um um so so as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe well I mean like I mean um like well she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, uh so so you know so so I mean which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building well like um well I mean okay well and networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond like well okay so like you know uh business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare well um you know uh like I mean uh but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended okay okay well I mean so well um Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' so so like so you know so um while his short stories have been published in uh like um so well you know um a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and Mr you know I mean you know I mean well okay uh. Bennet explains that her that Chandra has a list with well like like um um okay okay Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive so you know okay so okay so um in Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, uh um okay so you know I mean well 1930, by the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for you know so okay well you know so okay Rotherham, making 51 appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he I mean so like you know so uh uh was a key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to like okay you know so uh I mean so Girls 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped like okay uh uh uh so I mean penning the lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, so well well you know like um I mean in the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our so well so so so you know okay Lady of the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances uh so well okay okay you know uh of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of North you know okay I mean you know you know well uh Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack you know well like well well like you know of diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet um you know um like well uh like is used in the music video of 'Twilight so um okay you know like you know so Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage um I mean like uh like like I mean sources (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no well uh like like um um um convenient, constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release of uh so uh um well uh uh 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish okay okay like well like okay so Academy of Music & Drama he won a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no so uh um like okay so like profit with the exception of the sale of his like um so well like so okay farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously you know I mean you know so so like you know out of humour' when he found that Thomas so like uh uh uh well well had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the so like I mean uh so I mean well 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, you know um like okay well well I mean set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus you know um like okay you know like you know Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - um um well like uh you know well scale catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all well like so uh I mean I mean okay institutions grew they become evermore corrupted by the influence okay well I mean well um okay uh of power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer uh okay um okay um uh well who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group I mean okay like uh okay I mean so that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and so well like you know so I mean so is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a uh I mean so uh so okay I mean volcanic island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the uh well so like you know so I mean son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Islamist uh like okay I mean so you know well militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled I mean um you know you know so like like the court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March 2003) um uh you know so like like okay was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a you know like I mean well okay um well synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in so okay um I mean like you know I mean January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and so like well uh okay um you know communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks so like well okay you know okay so were and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the okay so you know I mean so um I mean city for the first time and his team wanted to maximise I mean um okay so uh so okay every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to well uh so well you know um like the antelope mainly due to its great size, but okay okay I mean so um well like it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted so well uh like uh um okay to the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter so I mean okay um well like so with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the University you know I mean I mean okay so like um of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who gained uh uh uh uh you know so so the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe the well uh so I mean like so you know tattooed bodies of the people residing in the islands okay well you know you know okay okay like of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for I mean okay you know well so like I mean Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins so you know you know so um so okay RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where okay so you know like uh well like end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, you know um okay uh well uh so with the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based on you know uh like so you know you know like a different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon um well uh okay you know uh well tired of the long journey and was bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell um uh uh you know like um um - Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with you know uh I mean uh so I mean okay the service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an you know okay well um you know like okay increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, like you know you know uh um so I mean online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible you know so so okay uh like well to hold real - time audio and video conversations like I mean um um okay uh like over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared you know um like well I mean okay uh the city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' um so like okay so I mean um ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff well so like well well um you know the action was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like a ukulele so you know so well well so well and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring um so I mean um I mean I mean I mean in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking um okay like like you know well I mean the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took place I mean I mean so so like like uh in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a so okay I mean uh so so so Croatian darts player who qualified for the 2013 PDC I mean I mean like okay well I mean you know World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, uh uh I mean like okay well you know GA) is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and you know um you know uh okay you know okay CEO of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and um uh okay like okay I mean you know tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch Neudorf' like um I mean so okay so so that was used before the year 1914 notable is that okay you know like you know so you know um the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B well uh okay um well like um and the old skool rave / jungle you know you know well I mean I mean so you know techno sound and releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the uh okay well uh uh um um dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken in so you know uh well um uh um Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on um like um uh well well uh 1 July 1876, and worked first as a school uh okay um you know so you know um teacher in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, uh well uh well like okay you know left Germany in January 1933, and seven months old, I mean I mean you know um well okay okay John and his mother arrived in England where his okay uh I mean so you know okay okay father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, North you know um um okay like I mean uh Central Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, and is okay uh uh like you know you know like the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, I mean like okay uh so uh I mean as of October 2013, serves as the president of the so like uh um I mean you know like Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the first uh like well like well well you know woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became the I mean like so like well you know uh 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town was abandoned so well like um so so you know around 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he like like well um uh like well was working at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting you know um well okay you know like like was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, well well you know I mean like well well California and is mostly known for his time with I mean I mean um so uh um uh the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in uh like okay um okay you know I mean what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under I mean uh well well well you know um Amasis II. This brief period of Egyptian domination left its like I mean I mean you know uh I mean uh influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the so I mean like you know okay I mean so rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with so like well well uh uh I mean Search for a Star (Launched as a joint project with the well like um I mean so uh I mean Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter what well um you know I mean like so so the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, I mean um you know so you know you know uh has a degree from Boston College, and won a full um I mean I mean so okay um like scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber um uh so so like so well full of water at less than atmospheric pressure which I mean well like like you know so like is formed when the water level drops and um you know okay uh uh like I mean there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, I mean I mean so uh you know okay um 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a uh you know I mean I mean uh um so white Boston attorney who later went on to become president you know you know okay so like I mean well of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs so I mean okay you know I mean like okay to find a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need you know so you know okay I mean I mean I mean one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, um uh uh you know uh uh like silver was discovered in the local mountains in okay um so um I mean so well 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, I mean uh uh uh uh well uh Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would you know um you know you know uh um well consist of straight sections across the hill, followed like okay I mean you know well like I mean by sharp turns to the complementary angle, as if the uh okay um okay uh like well skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no okay so um uh I mean you know you know father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is you know uh you know you know okay well well part of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted um I mean okay um well you know um on assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the well you know um I mean so well I mean physical land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand okay so well so like okay you know used to be part of China before the founding of like so okay okay I mean well uh the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported so okay okay I mean uh I mean okay to be in fair health in 2008, at like I mean well I mean so like uh which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on you know um like like like okay um September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase FirstMerit, subject um like like um okay okay I mean to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal uh well you know like like uh uh Swedish Opera received an order to sew a number of so uh so like okay like I mean Russian military uniforms that later were used in an exchange of so so uh like um so okay gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both like like well I mean okay so well credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way well I mean you know um you know so so of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan Mehmed I mean well uh okay you know okay so the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on the site so you know okay uh um well uh of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, whose um like I mean okay so you know I mean ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits okay like so like I mean so um he is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, so I mean well okay um uh so the Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years so so like well so like okay of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan uh I mean I mean um so you know well and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen you know okay um uh like you know like to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, you know okay um you know okay uh I mean which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character uh like like okay um well I mean and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a well um so I mean I mean um uh poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 so I mean okay like uh I mean well colours but the resolution could go up to 1024 okay well okay so I mean so um × 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), um so well you know like like um additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency I mean I mean like um uh you know so and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during the you know like okay like I mean well uh chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer uh well so like okay I mean um Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling okay um uh um uh okay like pay - per - view (PPV) event produced by Extreme well I mean uh um well I mean okay Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, I mean uh well like okay um so 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in like like well you know um I mean okay 2005 and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam okay so okay I mean I mean well I mean Navigation Company (P&O) of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that um you know okay so uh you know so become ensnared in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his um okay okay like I mean okay you know opponent may clip the referee -- while a wrestler I mean well okay you know I mean like so would probably only be knocked back in this situation, the like so you know uh um okay well referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she I mean you know okay well so I mean I mean uses as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to uh so I mean you know I mean like I mean send strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the I mean uh you know um so well so ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity and so uh I mean well uh so so patriotic values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an um well so uh you know uh you know Indian international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector you know well uh so so okay I mean Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of okay um um I mean so okay uh Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting rooms um well uh okay so like you know and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against Larry uh um uh okay so uh you know Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is I mean so well I mean okay um like an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of Cesar you know uh you know you know okay um so located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in you know um okay okay uh uh you know Pandi was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that okay I mean well I mean um like um massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, like okay well you know um well uh Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco okay so um um um well I mean - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped you know okay well I mean so I mean I mean define the field of American paleontology; he was a prodigious um well so I mean like like you know writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, although okay uh uh I mean like like so his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which meant you know I mean like well um uh I mean that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, you know like so like uh you know you know which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and so like uh I mean so so you know its conclusion and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor uh like like I mean okay okay so Mariano de Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT well uh so so so so you know or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic uh um I mean you know like so so turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were I mean uh uh so you know I mean uh trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and like um um um so um I mean the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, okay um you know like you know like I mean now stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to like um I mean um like well well a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs so you know well well uh I mean you know to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, um well I mean so uh like okay probate records, court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and Serpentor and you know I mean I mean um I mean like so took them to their hidden headquarters to try like you know well uh you know so I mean Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to sign an I mean I mean uh uh uh I mean um American player when they signed former major league pitcher Glenn uh I mean so you know I mean I mean um Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played in 1958 so I mean uh okay I mean okay um for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl uh you know um like okay like so XXXIV in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where uh well like okay I mean so um she worked as a maid, and cooked Southern - uh well so well so so well style meals for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third - so okay like okay uh so okay tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) structure um so well like like like you know in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock is I mean um uh you know you know okay you know adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic well okay uh you know so uh like orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, they uh so you know you know so well well are regularly seen around the islands as well as um I mean well okay okay uh um in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range um like so so uh uh you know naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said like okay I mean well uh um um to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville you know you know um like well well like in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following I mean you know I mean um you know well I mean year, the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a number so well well so you know okay like of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful so I mean well so um like like heir, Idris said a family council would I mean uh um like like I mean well decide who would be king, not an heir, and like like um like so um okay that his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with its sister station, okay so okay I mean um I mean um talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles well uh like so well I mean um for the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she shot you know so um um well I mean okay to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 well okay so like so well I mean on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 19 um um like uh like so like. 495 and took his sixth pole position of uh uh so okay I mean uh I mean the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the so you know well um well uh I mean Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the Thirty Years' uh well okay well uh uh you know War and conquered in the Silesian wars of King so okay like so you know so um Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' ( pronounced 'eeefs' uh um so I mean okay uh well ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed okay well um you know you know so like elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North I mean well you know okay I mean uh like America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by uh so okay um I mean I mean like Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, destroyed I mean uh okay I mean uh so um the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the I mean you know well so well okay uh DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in um okay um like okay okay okay April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala like okay I mean um I mean so um state, south India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in Business well well uh well okay well I mean Award in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno I mean okay well um so you know okay Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op uh I mean like um I mean um I mean Zoom or Breda but at the same time like um um so so um so he had worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to okay I mean you know well well I mean okay which she agrees also, and he kisses her on like uh so uh so I mean so the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in um okay uh uh um well you know Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish you know well uh um uh you know so and Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 um you know well you know I mean you know like to 1927 was called the Nevada - California - um um um well like uh like Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as a volunteer um uh you know uh so like uh in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is uh uh I mean you know well like like at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that um so I mean um well okay okay is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by well okay well like like well so Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics supervillains: I mean okay so uh um so I mean alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, the so like okay like uh okay I mean red pigment in blood, but are also found um um well like okay well like in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part of a you know um so okay I mean you know um collection of dances in a piece entitled 'Food for Thought', which um like uh I mean um well well was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des uh okay so uh I mean okay uh Moines and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson okay okay well um well um uh he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born so well I mean uh uh I mean um & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, so well like well um um so Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the premises um like um like you know you know well at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly I mean well I mean I mean I mean um uh until the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but uh so I mean um I mean I mean you know shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian professional okay uh well uh okay well like ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be um I mean like okay okay so like very smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious okay like so so like um you know case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything stronger than okay uh I mean like like well so milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and well um okay well I mean so like it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA at you know you know uh uh like like um the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that I mean uh like you know well um uh Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely so like uh I mean um so like related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate you know you know I mean well well um I mean arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - well you know uh um you know okay um use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any um well okay um so well like other intervention in America, however, it should be noted that well well like you know um so like often Drug courts are the only avenue for entry you know you know well I mean so so I mean into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim as the um like um okay I mean okay uh daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled like uh like so so you know uh his plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the well so uh okay well um okay KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian okay you know I mean well like I mean like professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes you know well um okay like uh you know on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the women's I mean uh uh uh okay well like provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and Yukon, will you know so okay so so uh like be held from January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and abuse so I mean um like uh so so against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with mud the so okay I mean um like I mean so whole French army, and even France herself, for which he well okay okay um like okay okay predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train like so um like um like um one day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, so you know um okay uh well uh O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, bisected okay well okay like so so well by the entrance road and connected via an underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than um uh I mean I mean so like uh in other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the hits knocked uh okay like you know um you know okay out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used uh like I mean um okay okay um to identify a younger male or female that an um I mean like you know you know um um older individual was interested in talking to, dating, or you know uh you know so well um um a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of uh okay you know you know I mean so okay either the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word like um I mean you know okay like I mean 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded I mean okay like I mean well um okay by David H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, well uh uh you know you know okay so even though she is never seen using it, okay like like okay I mean okay okay and was removed in the PS2 adaption of the game; she okay okay uh uh um uh well is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high well so so so I mean uh I mean school, and soon after booked her first two jobs okay you know well like you know I mean uh in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award so um okay well so you know you know winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 in so I mean like uh like well like Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, um well you know um um so I mean Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when okay well you know so I mean well um he was sent to a P. O. W well okay okay well so like you know. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station you know so like uh so okay you know in the Monaro, New South Wales district, was so like I mean like um um I mean a successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, um uh well so well uh okay Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and so uh um um okay I mean like video from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned um um well uh um uh like toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like um so like okay like so so 'Narrative of Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from uh I mean you know uh well you know okay the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the venue's uh like okay I mean I mean well you know reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him like you know like um okay you know okay and he confronts her about the engagement telling her that she well I mean uh okay okay so um should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a okay I mean well um so uh I mean pro-British prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in uh um I mean uh I mean uh I mean place until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website on 23 uh so like uh I mean okay uh November and then went to all UK music channels, the you know okay uh uh I mean like like video is black and white and sees you know well so so you know okay like Ferguson singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District so well uh like okay so well of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, Illinois, you know like you know I mean uh so um the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club so like okay well you know you know I mean there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the okay um like I mean uh um so basis of an interesting experiment in football, called you know you know okay like uh so well 'Morisca' (The Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical um uh like uh um you know like attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as okay um okay like I mean like so the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn you know uh I mean you know well well uh Station had been electrified and the lines from like uh like you know okay okay okay Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert Darrell, like um well uh well I mean uh who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, which um um you know okay um uh um Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a Spanish so so you know so well okay I mean footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of I mean well well well you know so you know HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as Second like uh you know well um you know so - in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron um like um okay you know you know you know from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United uh um so so you know you know uh States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and like I mean so okay well um like his book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but well well uh you know so okay so it was also characterized as nothing more than an I mean like so like I mean so okay extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press so like well uh I mean okay okay Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF I mean uh um um uh um uh channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that so well okay okay okay um uh all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to like um uh you know uh like you know cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without any I mean you know so uh I mean um uh additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones well uh like okay like like so were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - um so so well so well so off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and named um I mean okay uh you know so you know by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, well well like like you know I mean uh Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing um so I mean okay so you know okay the volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or I mean you know okay uh so uh so location in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in so uh okay like well well um the design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to work uh okay okay like so uh uh for her on missions other A. R. G. U well you know uh um um I mean like. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have Starling well you know you know well I mean well like City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to um I mean uh I mean okay so um contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham okay you know uh so so well so riot, on September 7 and 8, in response to anti-Asian you know um well I mean you know like uh activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, like you know I mean I mean well you know well France) is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research team so okay I mean uh you know um like to conduct a detailed case study on her, and in well like uh um um uh um May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital scientists who um so um you know you know you know I mean sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive I mean well well uh so uh uh positions in North Sydney including beach defences to respond um well uh like uh okay okay to possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, well uh I mean um so uh uh and Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of you know like uh well um I mean okay the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports well uh like you know you know I mean you know in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band you know okay like I mean um I mean uh Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an international he played five times for Ireland before you know well you know uh okay like uh it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born well so um like you know uh I mean Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became I mean okay well well uh well so the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording I mean you know um um okay um well surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having so um you know um you know well um a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he uh so um you know okay um I mean wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and tells I mean you know like I mean uh well um him that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more um uh uh I mean okay well you know off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing I mean uh like you know like I mean uh the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the so I mean uh well um I mean uh First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority of so well you know uh well you know I mean the town late Monday evening after an earlier I mean okay um you know so I mean like battle between Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year in okay um um um like um um the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a I mean okay well uh like I mean well theoretical perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the you know well okay you know you know like okay return of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien pod; so so I mean well okay you know I mean while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and so well you know like um so well all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at 24 Saville like well you know like you know okay so Row which gained a first place WAN Facade Award okay you know well like I mean you know okay in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve okay you know you know like I mean so okay white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word I mean like uh well so like like 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom so I mean so like like like so front of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be um so well well so well you know linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was also um okay uh you know so you know like used by other Residents and Governors, and so it became known uh well I mean so um um okay as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in uh okay well well I mean well um Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) like like um like okay so well was a Fijian chief and statesman, who well uh well like um you know um played a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a you know you know uh uh I mean like okay bearded man in a black suit jacket with I mean I mean well well so uh you know white lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought you know okay like well um uh well to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it failed okay uh um well I mean like uh to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately okay like um um you know so like 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the greater number you know so okay you know so well I mean of men is possibly due to the significant uh I mean like well you know uh uh gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite um so uh okay okay you know um after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with well you know uh okay I mean like um a fever and won by two lengths from Star Standard, I mean like I mean like I mean I mean like giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie you know uh okay so well so uh Guerrero during his last heel run and feud I mean so well well like okay well with Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer okay uh so uh well so okay who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing I mean you know well like I mean so I mean at representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father I mean like I mean okay well um okay of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was I mean well like I mean okay uh uh founded in May 2001 to provide a forum you know okay well okay um like okay and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the I mean okay I mean um you know uh um rights and privileges granted to Russia by China in the you know so okay I mean um so so Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by the well I mean you know like so well you know Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting okay like so uh okay so so Corporation, while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both okay uh well like well well so were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, so um well um I mean I mean okay mother, and two sisters - in - law to gain uh uh um okay okay uh so control of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other I mean I mean I mean well I mean so I mean matters beyond the group's control, these two releases uh well well uh like well like failed to get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was like uh uh um like I mean uh just short of 100, 000, but it would not be I mean well well well okay I mean okay published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one whiskey and drug well I mean I mean okay okay you know well store, and the population consisted mostly of railroad workers, but like you know you know like uh like um this store was later joined by a general store operated you know um I mean so so well um by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in okay well so so okay okay okay the chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope uh you know I mean I mean um you know you know until she was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics and uh uh well I mean you know like I mean the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin located well I mean uh you know well like okay in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, um like um um I mean um um which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly um I mean I mean you know um okay like after the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at I mean like um um well well you know Carnegie Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas like um okay so um um like Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran artist you know you know you know uh you know well I mean George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned well like you know I mean so like uh Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 well I mean like okay you know uh uh - 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September well so like I mean um well um 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the okay you know I mean like uh okay like ring, but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris okay uh I mean you know um I mean uh ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 uh okay so uh well so uh film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja I mean um okay uh you know I mean um Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the okay well you know um um uh uh school year of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced okay like um um uh well so Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular P I mean okay I mean so you know okay so. E. Subject to all pupils and presently he is you know um uh well uh well well the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson is actually a you know well um you know like um well 7. 5m long mast - step timber made of uh you know so okay well well like oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and um so like well like you know so by 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, you know um um well you know well okay Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in the well um uh I mean okay you know like release; these are short - form pop songs featuring lead I mean so uh well I mean okay uh vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility okay like okay uh um um like that is a member institution of the Sydney College I mean so um like uh um you know of Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate okay um uh so you know like okay qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their apartment, well well so well uh you know uh and becomes a slave of her own paranoid fears, you know well I mean like I mean uh okay and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan so uh uh I mean so like I mean society; the president oversees this and the would be king is so like you know I mean um I mean uh guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for all the like um I mean like I mean well I mean character's bodily movements; minor movements to the stick controlled the upper you know I mean you know well I mean like um body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much well um okay so like well well - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum so uh well well okay I mean um amount of energy they could produce would be about um you know well um like okay um the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English you know you know uh um um I mean um footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Huddersfield uh I mean so I mean well um you know Town as a striker and has represented England at I mean uh I mean like so um so U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated you know so um so so okay well by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 you know like okay you know okay so okay January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten the so you know uh you know so okay um peasants but quite the opposite was true - you know um um you know I mean well okay over the next year they secretly prepared for war, recruiting um I mean uh okay okay so so one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - okay I mean well well okay um so range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 um um like well like well uh minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence so well uh like I mean you know okay regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located from I mean like okay so um um uh the Sea of Galilee at a height of like um so uh like okay well above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory so um so okay you know okay like from 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the lab as like well uh uh you know I mean so the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by um well uh I mean okay um okay the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the uh you know um I mean you know so uh Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois okay so uh uh so well I mean in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in like you know okay okay uh um like the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold uh I mean you know like I mean like uh on Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated like you know I mean I mean um um I mean attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, daughter I mean you know well I mean okay uh okay of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter Elizabeth well like okay so okay uh you know Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded I mean so um so like um I mean in 1963 in North London, best known for their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe um so well um um uh okay - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into so um so you know I mean you know so the CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced um uh like so you know um okay in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They I mean well I mean so so uh um suck' proping Gus to warn them to no avail, after Beavis um I mean well uh okay um like moons the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with you know um um you know well okay um the Contra Costa County Board of Education, which okay you know well uh well okay I mean on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term um well you know okay okay you know I mean in 1881 and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state um well okay um you know like like legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most black uh okay well so well okay I mean voters, a situation that persisted into the 1960s until after okay I mean you know like um okay like federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, so uh so you know so I mean uh because of his desire to unite all all Slavs in one uh okay so like like you know you know Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until so you know I mean I mean like well uh his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV uh uh so you know uh okay like comedy drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank Skinner, uh um I mean I mean okay uh um Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat um well okay so okay I mean you know conference voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called uh like uh you know well like okay for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue like so uh you know uh okay well to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) I mean like okay so uh I mean like was created during the German Empire time. It is also well so you know um I mean like you know called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that okay um um like um um well is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing I mean so uh well okay you know so and was featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 so uh you know uh I mean uh so % of the oil had been contained and that the well you know um well I mean well uh slick had been removed from about 95 % of you know well so uh um you know you know Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which sees like uh uh uh so you know uh annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called you know you know like well so uh uh complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very okay you know well you know okay uh uh limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to 2007, Sons I mean like so uh um okay like of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, like so well uh okay uh um who announced that his objective was the capture of the entire um so like like so okay okay country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but uh like so so I mean well I mean withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use of you know you know well like uh you know um this method including differences in observations when using single and multiple well so well uh um okay um needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the I mean um so um uh I mean so FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a six I mean so so okay I mean you know um - episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in the like like well so I mean um well first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and okay well um you know well you know uh other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as so you know so like uh uh uh the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted so I mean um okay like okay um retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell (1874 so I mean I mean I mean I mean okay um - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and other you know like okay I mean well um like multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December so okay okay well uh well I mean 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 I mean I mean so uh well so um to 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, well uh so you know like like so in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior you know okay you know I mean well like like squad for the first time in May 2007 for an end like you know well like like so I mean of season tour to the United States and made his I mean I mean um uh I mean well okay debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's you know so like you know uh okay well stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among uh I mean so you know well okay um the local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to well you know I mean I mean uh um okay Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses you know like you know well you know well um of various types and models for fixed - route service, well like um okay I mean well I mean and over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA well so well well you know well uh paratransit service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during so like I mean like I mean um uh World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it okay like um well you know you know like was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' you know uh well okay um well so and was released just before Christmas on the 18th December so I mean um I mean like um um 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes like I mean like uh so you know like UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon like um um uh well um I mean characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, um well okay uh uh okay I mean abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the following okay so like you know uh like um year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- so okay like well okay so like 01 but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three years in scoring um uh uh like okay okay okay with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and you know um um um so well um green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for Jessie, um uh um like well um I mean sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in um okay you know um okay uh I mean downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of okay you know um well I mean okay um Appeal, the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of like I mean you know uh I mean you know so Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to uh like like well okay okay uh be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch of I mean I mean um well well um I mean the present church, and the church is famous for well um uh okay well so I mean being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in I mean well okay like um um okay the above list, but one source estimates the population so so well you know so you know uh at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture and so like I mean you know okay well I mean fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, this requires so well I mean um like um uh huge inputs in fertilisers because of the sandy okay well uh you know I mean like uh nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space - like well I mean so um like so based experiment to test the theory of general relativity, performed I mean uh I mean okay like um I mean jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was okay you know uh I mean you know you know so headlined in newspapers across the United States, as for well um well like I mean okay well example on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' so I mean well uh so so like of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released following okay I mean I mean so I mean okay I mean the song's success, which was also quite successful as so uh I mean okay like so so was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play you know you know I mean um I mean I mean so home games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held off from well I mean like um okay I mean like eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops back to well okay okay like I mean uh you know life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they okay uh like so okay so uh could have lead if they got married, however the okay so like okay so I mean um realism influence on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the um okay uh well you know so you know purpose of playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob so um uh you know okay like so Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age of eleven at like so okay so I mean like so the National Ballet School of Canada, for seven well um so well um well you know years and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in their so I mean so uh I mean like okay late grandfather's attic and brought it to the attention okay like so I mean like uh I mean of a local reporter, whose TV news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is you know okay well you know well okay you know a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film uh so so so you know okay you know industry this includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to okay I mean uh you know well like uh suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his I mean uh um like uh I mean you know talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, okay so like well uh uh so representing the seat of Frome in the South so okay like I mean okay like you know Australian House of Assembly as an Independent, after a okay I mean um okay like uh so shock win at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within okay like like so um okay so Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a you know you know so like so uh so county located in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year like well you know okay um like okay hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', you know so uh like okay okay like and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the so uh so well okay so you know leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus like okay uh uh um well uh Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' I mean I mean well okay I mean so you know ) was a program devised by the CIA okay I mean okay like like uh well in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June 24, uh um okay like um so okay 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several um you know I mean you know okay um so more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a you know um like um um I mean so creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against Toni Gilhooley I mean you know well you know uh so so (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground you know um I mean like so like so floor and sadly the rest of the house became little more uh you know so so so um um than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia like so I mean well I mean I mean um Bayley (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, uh um so well okay well um 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around 1685 were you know like you know like I mean um well in part a reunification of the old La um you know okay uh I mean you know uh Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large population well well you know you know I mean um so of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly you know I mean like I mean okay okay you know basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, I mean I mean like so like like okay resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and POL. Vang well I mean you know like um um okay Pao now regained the confidence in air power that like like um well I mean so so had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands okay well like okay so um uh Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton Hall I mean uh you know um I mean you know so University, South Orange, N. J. Where he teaches journalism um well you know um okay like I mean and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki um okay okay uh I mean I mean um Rua Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented I mean uh I mean so so like um bi-cultural works and saw the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly um uh I mean um like um so in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses uh you know I mean like like well so the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance um um you know um so um you know to crush Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the so well um I mean like so I mean fight, the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired you know you know you know uh well like you know ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey so like like like okay um so League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a huge so um well so okay okay like financial investment in an effort to win another well um uh okay you know I mean um European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not okay um okay I mean okay okay well attend, and she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, much uh uh well well so so you know to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in so you know uh like okay like so the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late okay you know okay I mean like you know well to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 like um you know well um um like in the early 1990s, where he did his formal training okay you know I mean um so uh uh at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance I mean um I mean well well okay okay in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under okay well so you know uh um uh Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature okay like uh uh so okay I mean reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the like you know um you know uh uh like group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly find well um so you know okay you know uh there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - uh well I mean you know like okay well Highlands section of Portland; master control operations for uh okay so so uh like you know both KPTV and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast I mean like so so okay well I mean hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc so you know you know so so so like from the inside to the outside of the body, the back um well like well um um okay hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in okay well like I mean well um I mean formality 'Tunceli', Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same um well okay um I mean um um people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk um you know okay uh I mean so I mean galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies currently known, at okay you know you know okay so I mean um approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the I mean well so you know well um so diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and became you know like well you know I mean so so a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for the um you know like I mean uh um uh Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 MLS so you know um I mean um well um Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged I mean um okay uh well uh uh a group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air okay uh okay I mean I mean so okay into the water; the air is compressed by so so well so um uh like surrounding water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese uh okay I mean I mean I mean so I mean military said that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki I mean okay um well um you know um himself, and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands um well I mean okay okay you know like like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story because so well uh okay okay I mean I mean her grandmother is dying and she feels like she well I mean well um like so uh is killing her because the fairy godmother finally found well I mean um I mean well you know well a replacement and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / like like so like okay okay I mean black (141, 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of I mean so so I mean you know so uh the total population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now uh so I mean I mean uh I mean uh the dominant cultural force; a number of its well I mean um well I mean well um members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism, you know like uh I mean I mean I mean like and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer um um so uh I mean well well Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and so you know you know um I mean you know um services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world uh okay okay uh I mean like well markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of uh like okay like you know so uh St Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, um well I mean I mean you know like um Kentucky, where the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who so like so like uh okay um attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went I mean uh well so so you know uh on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a candidate to I mean I mean I mean okay like well well become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased uh I mean um okay so uh like and this particular escape route became less and less important, uh well well I mean you know so okay other means of leaving the GDR were used more often, for I mean so uh okay uh okay you know example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was like you know uh so like I mean I mean celebrated on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for okay okay okay well like you know like France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where captain I mean I mean okay you know so uh you know Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers uh you know um like I mean I mean well and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two well uh like you know okay I mean okay LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has uh I mean okay well I mean uh you know been used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft like well well so like I mean well SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before like okay I mean so so so I mean transitioning into the next track, a Phil Collins uh okay okay you know uh um like cover from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core like okay uh well like um I mean design, the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is um I mean um so so you know so named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of okay you know like okay you know you know I mean zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and okay like well well I mean I mean well later reached a career high of world no. Nine of like uh like uh like okay you know the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon you know um uh uh okay like okay capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as opposed to well um I mean you know like so you know removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered like well like like well you know like with a very low initial interest rate ( well you know uh um well well well a so - called 'teaser rate' ) and a so I mean uh okay I mean okay so low minimum payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy so um um you know well well uh was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 uh like you know I mean you know well okay with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival okay like um okay uh you know okay of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus like uh like like so okay well of scholars and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando like okay um um I mean uh okay I and Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to I mean like well uh well um you know obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of um okay you know uh uh well you know both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great you know like like okay so like um number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 uh like uh I mean so I mean I mean as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the you know you know well like um well I mean Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after the caudal well um well uh you know uh so vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for defence, emitted um well well you know you know um uh through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was you know I mean like like I mean I mean I mean formed from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, well so I mean so uh um well and it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) uh like so well well so like was an English children's author born in 1920 I mean you know well uh I mean you know uh and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for I mean like um I mean you know um well privatisation in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' okay like so uh I mean I mean well (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University you know well uh you know I mean so I mean in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries you know okay uh okay uh like like of history and the first recorded mention of um so okay um so okay you know the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city so you know like so um like uh of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in like uh um so uh you know well 1987 as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, like um like uh okay uh uh and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by uh I mean um I mean like so uh June 1861, and the French had began to well I mean I mean I mean like well like report that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned well like well so uh well I mean to live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist uh like you know like I mean um you know Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a new like I mean I mean I mean so I mean so enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation so like so uh like so well 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of so like um like you know I mean so collapse as a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles to okay well well okay well I mean um protect the villages, and if the tribes were once okay uh I mean uh like uh so again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems well well I mean like I mean well okay relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', I mean so uh okay well okay so and from 1954 presented a BBC music request so I mean okay okay I mean um like programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not you know I mean so um so okay well to reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot well okay like you know okay I mean like would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their uh you know like well like like so location, the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick so you know well um you know like uh W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U. S. Government, like well okay well I mean so like and returned to a studio he had taken I mean uh uh uh okay okay uh at the Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an uh uh like so so you know uh action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by a well uh um well um okay well burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes well you know um so well okay you know the construction of four new stations in Boston, while work so so uh so I mean I mean you know on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is well you know well um well well I mean in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) you know so so well I mean so uh was born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village I mean you know um well like well I mean in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight homosexuality like okay I mean you know okay so I mean in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in um you know so okay you know like uh the 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of that you know so okay well so I mean you know series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing you know okay I mean I mean well you know you know enough, so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie so uh well I mean so uh like University with two degrees at age 19, and then well I mean I mean well so so you know went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, like so okay you know um I mean uh the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's well okay so you know like well like Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the you know you know uh so okay uh I mean Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) involved you know well so uh okay you know like the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', well well you know well I mean like like though a single line hinted at such a conclusion: 'light like uh uh well I mean you know I mean will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest so uh um so well you know okay - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language so like you know I mean well I mean uh in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi uh uh you know uh so I mean I mean Zeichner went on to compare the album to the work well well like you know like well you know of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this um so um okay okay uh okay village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you okay okay okay so like so like can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home like you know okay um um well I mean to KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the um you know like uh well um you know United States Attorney for the Eastern District of uh well like you know well so okay Michigan, won a 23 - count indictment charging Fata so I mean um uh so uh um with health care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of like um uh so I mean uh um artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team to like uh okay okay you know okay like score 100 points against another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) in 1968 and I mean like okay I mean okay so so Georgia Tech is the only Division I team to record okay okay okay you know uh okay you know over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call um I mean so you know you know uh okay from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the like so you know so I mean um uh Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant like okay okay I mean so um like alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - to so um you know um okay so uh - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name so like well well like I mean like was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater uh you know um like uh uh um characins found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in the like I mean well like you know I mean so German second tier league during the January transfer window on okay like um um uh okay well 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are now I mean well so well okay well so followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing I mean I mean okay like um uh you know among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url parameter okay well you know okay like I mean you know therefore the use of the asin parameter and any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & uh okay like you know okay you know uh field teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the uh okay like you know so like so basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is okay um okay uh um so uh almost the same size as HIP 110703, but don't get confused you know I mean well like so you know well with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the okay okay uh uh um so like Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he okay uh you know you know you know um um became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United so so uh uh I mean okay like States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more uh uh I mean well uh like so episodes and air the original Dragonball anime and was so well well um okay well uh the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday well um you know well like like I mean 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from you know um okay um um like okay 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it uh uh you know like like well like opened its doors to its first batch of students pursuing I mean well well so I mean um uh Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The you know uh well like uh okay um University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states like um so uh I mean you know um of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, so like um so well I mean like frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, and rumors well well well uh well uh okay developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, well uh you know I mean well so okay 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in uh okay you know like uh I mean so the resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and so I mean okay like you know uh okay articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information so well I mean you know okay um so Center, called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season you know well like okay uh you know I mean a half helping to keep the club in the Championship uh well I mean okay I mean okay okay with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th like okay so like like well I mean Baron West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) so you know okay so um so I mean was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron um so okay uh okay okay I mean De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community I mean uh I mean like okay well well however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners um so you know uh uh okay um were trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a um so so you know I mean I mean uh population increase justifying the setting up of a police force, so so I mean so well well okay just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has been okay um like um I mean um like a National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 in Paris and um I mean you know um okay like uh Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL like okay I mean okay well um uh. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a uh uh um uh um okay okay key item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of like um I mean uh so um you know Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his work, there is a so well so you know you know okay well strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March 24, 1960 well you know like you know um I mean you know in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - Marie Adeline, was like um uh um well I mean well the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his like well well I mean uh I mean okay way to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he okay well well you know well like you know met a resistance of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, well so so you know um so like deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period of well uh like um okay like uh strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed um so I mean I mean uh so you know down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling uh well okay I mean like so so - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the Imperial German well um okay uh so okay you know Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in I mean okay okay like um well you know Savannah, Georgia) is a United States novelist you know okay okay so uh well I mean and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those um well so well like I mean so years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square okay uh okay so well okay um kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - third okay like like like um you know I mean the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days you know okay so I mean uh I mean I mean in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species you know okay uh uh well so well of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, uh okay well well so uh so serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- 1950s you know so um you know uh you know so most of the surrounding water was filled in, so you know you know like uh I mean you know well that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, so I mean I mean like um I mean you know the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, well uh uh so you know I mean okay a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make okay I mean uh okay you know um well them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as so so you know uh like you know like Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known so okay okay I mean so I mean well for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also well uh like like okay like you know known as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, well uh like so you know uh uh is a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as uh okay well well I mean uh like a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in like so I mean so like like you know Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays uh like you know okay like uh well centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below well well so you know so like so a certain temperature, as there was a risk uh I mean like okay uh okay I mean of the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue uh I mean like okay well you know I mean gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, beginning so I mean okay okay um like okay in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of so um like I mean so well well votes cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, I mean well like uh you know so uh independent candidates received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a um you know well uh okay I mean well mesaxonic foot structure on the rear feet: the symmetry I mean okay uh well like you know I mean of the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins uh okay you know um I mean like okay with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and like um you know uh okay well you know conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) uh um so um okay uh I mean can emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging is you know I mean you know I mean um um um thought to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, and so um okay um okay well so locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based on like okay you know you know like um um her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo in 1992, at like you know so I mean you know you know you know the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani so uh so I mean uh you know well railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of uh you know um like like um like railway track is in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume um so you know um um I mean you know most of the duties of the Lord Chancellor I mean you know okay so well you know okay that relate to his Parliamentary role, although the uh okay well okay okay like well Lord Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized um okay um you know um um okay with the rest of his family, but he has well I mean well okay okay I mean I mean started to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately you know okay I mean I mean uh well um participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, like well okay uh so so I mean most of the supporting characters returned for the new program, you know uh well you know so I mean I mean which ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son uh uh like so uh I mean uh of Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September okay like um okay I mean well uh 1791 -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera okay uh well okay okay you know like composer, who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le well um so like okay I mean I mean diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in you know well uh like you know okay uh September 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave you know like so like like so so castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally um um you know like so you know so for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for I mean like like um like okay so recording with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford well so like like uh well like playing the guitar and bass guitar in the studio, um okay I mean you know like okay like although the line - up was regularly augmented by you know like uh you know I mean I mean like Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health so uh well uh like you know uh is not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance well like well okay well I mean okay Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 pending uh okay uh I mean I mean so well their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID so like uh um like like okay Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green like so uh I mean so like um mountain country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of uh so okay well uh um well India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well okay well um I mean you know well uh linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used uh so okay well you know like you know the facilities for their summer practice and the university would so you know okay I mean okay so well be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and it so I mean okay um you know so okay plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the municipalities like okay okay um um well so of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being an uh so okay like well uh like ice - cream salesman and a night - club bouncer okay uh um um I mean uh I mean and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 um you know so well like uh I mean February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was okay uh uh like like I mean you know the son of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, uh uh I mean well I mean so well Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea I mean okay well like okay um so in the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon split like okay you know um you know okay well into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of like you know well I mean like um you know Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The uh um well um okay uh okay Times' and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on um you know okay so so uh okay the true experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned like so okay um okay um like at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed well okay um well I mean I mean okay to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single uh um you know I mean I mean well you know room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying events for well okay okay um okay so you know The Open Championship; the leading three players who had um I mean okay um okay you know I mean not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May 7, okay well uh I mean I mean uh I mean 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a like well so so you know uh so body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some I mean um like um well like you know taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were in okay so like like uh okay so possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but getting the I mean you know I mean well um like well news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to I mean you know like you know so so like catalog what existed in Brazil at the time of I mean uh well uh so okay okay the conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by well you know you know like like um I mean Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of you know so uh so um I mean okay sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe okay um uh like like well so went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice I mean uh like um I mean uh like Tripp also attended, and all three men would more than okay um okay like um like you know 20 years later play a key role in well okay well well so like like helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and uh um um okay like uh uh any unit that manages to get close to them can like you know like uh so well okay take them out very easily, the units that so so you know okay um uh uh they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint okay I mean okay you know um you know I mean as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, um so okay well okay uh uh who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of two I mean okay uh well okay well okay councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases that council well you know like well okay you know you know had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the you know I mean so uh like well uh next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São you know well well I mean okay well so Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) uh I mean okay um like I mean so served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about 350 okay okay I mean you know um you know um species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, native to uh you know I mean okay I mean you know um Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament so um uh I mean okay uh uh of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; I mean um I mean uh I mean um I mean the second round of the elections to the um so like so uh like uh Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, okay okay okay okay uh like so Littleton took up the campaign against the truck system, I mean okay I mean I mean you know like well by which employees were forced to accept payment so like well okay well um you know or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, okay you know um I mean um like uh Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later he tells so okay okay I mean like like okay them he did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a well uh uh so okay I mean okay dancer, although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, uh so I mean okay um uh um four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb um well so uh okay you know well which, aimed at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two um so like um like I mean so Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over so I mean well you know so uh you know terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai like so I mean you know okay uh well were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been educated in Pakistan um I mean uh I mean I mean uh you know and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the well so um uh okay um like series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League game; I mean so I mean uh well so you know although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is so well you know um um you know so ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 th in reputation, like like like well like well well 7 th in papers published on SCI journals, and like uh I mean like okay um so 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in okay well okay you know well okay well 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 uh I mean uh well okay well well assists in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually like so uh uh like uh uh became apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular beginner I mean you know well um you know like well surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers uh okay so I mean uh like okay is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a like I mean so um I mean uh uh variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, uh I mean uh you know like you know so before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months old, forcing her uh like I mean so uh um I mean mother to move to California to find work, where um you know I mean uh uh you know so Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and like okay okay uh uh you know I mean Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed like so like you know so well okay never to speak to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent like okay well okay um I mean you know on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry in like I mean um like so um like machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's annual um okay you know so um you know I mean income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in international uh um uh well you know you know um football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of like like like so like okay okay its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with um um like uh so well like the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a like uh you know uh uh well okay sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 like well I mean I mean well um so after Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office uh well um okay well you know I mean at Zanesville, and served from 1805 to December uh like um I mean well uh uh 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of so um like so I mean uh so the 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement you know okay I mean okay okay uh um and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with I mean so well you know so um so donors to understand the philanthropic goals and like you know I mean okay okay um well develop smart social investments and screen nonprofits and the well uh you know like like I mean well support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by you know okay I mean so okay so I mean Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled um you know so um um uh okay as alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an unidentified, extinct um well uh well you know you know like genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's so well like I mean you know like you know brother, Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam you know so so like so you know so that she is an escort but keeps quiet after so you know you know well okay I mean like Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP Image Award for Best I mean you know well so you know uh you know Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen & so like um like okay I mean well Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by a okay I mean um okay uh um you know Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline well well I mean so um uh so of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar so I mean so uh uh you know uh from 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's so so so you know well I mean so Cabinet, and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also well okay I mean like okay you know okay known as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school like so like like well um like in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - so um I mean like you know so like Místek) is a former Czech football player, he is um uh so like so uh um a Holding midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition um well so um um you know you know Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while that like like so uh I mean I mean okay of the nobility and military establishment waned, even though like um well well well okay uh they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 okay you know so uh well so I mean loss at C. D. Aves, he was sent off in well um like okay I mean okay like the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded so you know okay okay well okay well in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the well you know you know um well I mean uh NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one I mean you know you know you know well so um of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and okay I mean uh you know so like you know the prosecutors were building their case, a number of well I mean okay well uh I mean like key witnesses turned up dead and due to the lack so like like I mean like uh you know of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an American professional well um uh okay like uh okay basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs you know well you know um okay uh well after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with so I mean well you know um you know um his right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his I mean uh um you know you know I mean I mean left hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis so okay uh so well you know like roughly 317 times per second, corresponding to a period of uh well you know so so I mean you know 3. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, um um well you know so I mean um Anglican, day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary - okay like um okay um so um born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he was I mean well well well like okay so living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of the you know well um well uh okay like Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, some believe you know okay I mean I mean I mean um so were designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of uh like you know like well well okay his equations could be solved in isolation, and was mistaken uh I mean you know I mean uh you know like because he had failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room so so well well well you know well in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in okay uh I mean okay um uh so hospital but he was discharged after recovering but okay you know uh um like um um died on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to I mean um you know well I mean you know so the Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay uh you know like okay like well like studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew I mean like okay um okay well so up in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the you know you know I mean like I mean okay well color of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was um I mean uh well well uh so making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area well um so you know okay well like to join a wrestling tour in Japan and have another you know you know I mean I mean like I mean uh outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri Rom you know uh uh so well uh I mean in 1986 and apart from being a member of the um I mean I mean um well you know like Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem so like you know you know I mean um you know also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models okay you know I mean okay like uh um must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer to you know okay so well you know so so the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term is so like like you know you know okay you know disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, like well like okay uh okay like as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project I mean so um um I mean um you know of the World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when the SA, uh like so okay okay okay so still in bed, were taken by surprise, the SS I mean I mean okay uh um you know you know stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the company so um uh you know okay like um is noted for its historic role in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, uh like so so um okay uh its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and industry innovations -- okay I mean I mean I mean um you know well including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album um like like okay okay um so 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, as well um um so uh okay um so as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an so well okay like um so okay eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, so I mean uh um um um so with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of so well so um like okay like the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll you know uh I mean okay so okay so and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around acting, so so like um I mean like uh like you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' magazine, I mean um uh okay I mean I mean okay and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, the so okay um well you know okay okay Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat the okay I mean uh so well you know okay growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land uh um okay I mean you know well um to the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler so um well um well well you know of Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the okay so okay so you know um you know two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal so I mean I mean okay uh so okay diet; wild and feral dogs can usually get all the you know okay well uh like you know uh nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but I mean um uh I mean um so you know suffered an exit in the quarter - finals against Turkey, like I mean like well well like well and he admitted that the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body created like I mean well like um well okay by the UK Government in response to the you know you know I mean uh uh well well inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, well so like I mean I mean like um a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over well you know um well okay so well as principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass in like you know um okay um uh okay the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include a okay uh I mean I mean so uh so separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the like you know well um uh well I mean Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box I mean so well I mean okay I mean um office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has like uh well well uh so um multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours uh you know so okay you know um so throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he so well so like okay uh uh is not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized I mean um uh like I mean okay um the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd um well uh okay well okay like - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists uh like like okay so uh uh of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in so you know I mean like like you know like Delhi for 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area of okay um um okay um I mean like the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at North uh well well so well well I mean Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, so I mean okay you know well okay I mean whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan I mean uh uh okay so well um Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, and well like so you know um like okay subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat so okay well um I mean you know you know of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the uh uh you know you know like okay well Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red uh you know uh you know um uh um Sox sold out every home game (794 regular season games, 820 um well I mean uh well I mean okay including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold out its well you know I mean so I mean you know you know 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in so um well um so like okay Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden so so uh uh I mean uh like because she was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, uh I mean so okay okay well I mean and the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River well like so like okay okay okay and Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf so um okay like well well so Tour, where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory um so I mean so uh um so until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's you know so well um well so well desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize so okay uh I mean I mean like well Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' I mean uh uh I mean I mean like like (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has like like I mean so uh you know so worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered in okay well um uh okay well well India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with shares traded I mean uh okay like uh uh um on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a um you know well okay um uh you know 15 % of the shares however most of its holdings in uh um well um okay okay okay the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical study of uh um well like well well okay gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and well um I mean you know I mean uh I mean use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of uh okay um you know um I mean you know Denver, Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, uh you know you know like like like you know but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could so well like so okay I mean well have changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of so uh um so okay okay um a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the interior well well like like okay um you know of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle muscles attach, okay I mean okay so okay well like which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the well so um you know I mean I mean uh son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of I mean okay so okay so well I mean satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose okay I mean you know like like you know so central character is a recently - married male well uh well you know okay I mean I mean sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of so uh so okay like like like the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the granting so you know well okay you know you know well of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 and um you know uh well okay like okay the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic uh uh okay like I mean okay well Energy Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon okay um like um um like so era when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is so so so uh like okay you know an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; so well so so uh like so juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer um I mean uh okay okay so uh Randy Ragsdale, who had died in an auto so uh uh um like uh so accident near College Station, Texas on the way to see so well um uh you know well I mean her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is I mean so um you know you know you know you know a Greek football player currently playing as a left full you know so like um well so uh back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century um uh I mean so I mean like I mean after Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, like uh I mean you know uh um like for it was reckognised it was a continent, not an okay so um like I mean um like island anymore; and before the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series um like well okay you know you know you know 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was like so okay well okay well uh a New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had you know I mean um well um like okay a wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that like well so uh okay uh like he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish former you know I mean uh uh um like well footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman um okay okay you know I mean um like era as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and okay okay you know like um well you know violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( so I mean you know like so okay like also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit um I mean like uh well I mean I mean was a meeting of several high - level al you know you know uh uh uh um okay - Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time so you know you know so you know well okay by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked I mean um so I mean I mean you know so his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of so uh okay you know I mean well so 'Hellbringer,' a nickname given to him by fellow musician so well uh you know you know you know uh Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the' okay like like okay so I mean okay Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as you know okay so you know okay uh okay the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against okay you know like okay like you know you know the church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and um okay you know um uh you know you know price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' I mean uh you know um you know like you know is said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer from uh so like okay okay I mean well Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in I mean so like um um okay I mean 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the club, like so so so okay I mean um as all of the team's foreign player spots were used so I mean I mean well okay uh well up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow La uh uh I mean okay I mean so uh Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of I mean like okay you know uh I mean well Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's well you know like I mean well so like Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's you know I mean um you know like uh well 'New Day,' Himes said that he was troubled by well so um so you know like uh several actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because you know okay um well you know I mean well of heavy traffic, it used to be at the top uh so like okay so uh so of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a okay uh well okay well um uh heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies very uh you know uh you know well okay I mean close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the uh well so so okay um I mean entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former I mean I mean you know well I mean I mean uh Ypsilanti Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he well uh uh like like uh okay gives some details and after some research, Julie learns that Dennis so okay okay I mean well well um is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & so you know okay um well well you know Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow Lyde & I mean I mean um well you know um well Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership known as uh um um okay well um well Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe like okay I mean I mean um I mean um did not choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, I mean well so um uh like you know although it seems that he was able to have um you know okay like you know um um a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants uh so um um so I mean okay of siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned pineapple okay like so you know you know okay um in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed uh so so I mean I mean like um first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the okay well well I mean you know okay okay U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th you know um so like uh I mean uh Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the so you know you know you know uh I mean um large collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead you know um I mean you know so okay I mean referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 when okay well like so you know okay um the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where I mean uh uh you know um um you know the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, like I mean you know like like you know okay 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other like okay so like like so well things, claimed to have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana well uh like well okay um you know Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' uh uh like okay so um I mean ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from like you know you know well uh um like critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so so um so I mean you know you know so he asks Peter to lock up the store for um um you know so like okay well him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living um well so I mean I mean like you know in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, okay well well like uh so like whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her and like like um well uh like uh kept the cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka faced um you know so like you know um you know Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, the I mean you know um you know okay well I mean match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' okay like you know uh okay okay I mean are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger okay I mean uh so I mean you know well than itself: for example, a vignette about a house belonging to okay okay you know um well okay I mean a collection of vignettes or a whole story, uh I mean okay okay uh uh well such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer or like okay well I mean I mean um so outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer so um so okay I mean like so to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the group, featuring Joe well uh you know I mean you know so uh Butler as lead singer on most tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish well uh like okay you know like you know authorities, because if the population became mostly French, there could okay like um okay so well uh be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided you know like you know I mean so you know I mean to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he um um you know you know okay okay you know falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights um I mean so well well so well and barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the uh well like like okay so uh tunnel is closed, as well as radio coverage and a system so uh okay well I mean um uh to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with one of like okay you know okay um um like the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues and with six of you know like like you know uh I mean I mean their starting position players, three of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by um you know like okay um you know you know a Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 like okay um well you know so okay Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one well okay like so like you know I mean of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the um um um well I mean I mean like inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in like like so well well so well Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad I mean um I mean so like uh I mean Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share um like like well uh you know so the stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion okay you know you know okay like you know uh concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is a like uh you know I mean I mean you know you know classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on you know so okay so okay uh uh March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the like you know so okay uh like so University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - so okay you know uh okay well I mean ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to well okay like okay well like um farm workers, as there were no locals elected as uh so so uh well so you know staff and because the survival of the staff wasn't um uh I mean okay uh you know well linked directly to membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe you know uh you know um um well okay at a cafe when her car breaks down, however I mean I mean you know uh like so I mean she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, like like uh okay well like you know revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able okay you know uh uh you know like uh to face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to uh so like well okay uh uh the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given um like uh um you know you know well by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was named town like okay I mean well okay so I mean of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille like uh so well okay I mean so communication, most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in the you know um okay well you know you know uh United Kingdom means a person or organization whose well like you know um well you know you know business is to market real estate on behalf of clients, you know uh okay I mean I mean uh well but there are significant differences between the actions uh so so so uh I mean um and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual you know like uh uh you know okay uh exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for okay you know um um uh uh uh being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is better you know so um like um so uh than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate so uh well well so you know uh were major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were strong uh okay I mean like so well well states with strong kings who held an advanced legal and um I mean I mean well uh like uh taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier okay like you know so okay um I mean Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, like you know well uh you know I mean um golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, uh uh like well like I mean well 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of you know you know I mean uh okay well uh the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same well okay like uh I mean so uh name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of like well I mean I mean you know you know I mean the Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD you know um I mean so um um like is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a um you know so I mean so like well retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his well well okay I mean uh uh um native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle like I mean uh uh so okay so Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and the um so I mean you know you know like um destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started uh I mean um uh you know um okay his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the I mean I mean um like you know um so Roman Empire Constantine built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, like uh so uh well I mean um i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in so um okay so I mean so uh the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation from you know I mean okay okay I mean like um the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, fielding uh um uh um you know you know so youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core I mean okay like um you know okay well of a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm you know well you know so so I mean so history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer you know well you know I mean like uh like and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come as um well you know I mean um well like You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) so I mean um you know um okay so was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, um like well uh okay uh like the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy uh um like you know um you know uh in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he like um so okay um uh uh has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster well um okay I mean so well uh at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J. D), uh okay okay okay I mean like um. Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) like well um you know um you know well. Degree as well as joint degrees in uh I mean so well so um well Master of Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and like so um like so I mean um Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were like okay uh uh uh um so offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza you know like you know um I mean um I mean 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of uh well well uh you know I mean uh Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along okay I mean uh I mean well uh like with talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a nice, growing, uh um well well okay well okay active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone so so um like so I mean well generators with octave divide - down to provide so you know well so so um well full polyphony, while the built - in chorus effect so I mean okay so so um um utilizes bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in um like um I mean well um well the fifth round (115th selection overall) of the I mean um uh um you know like so 1975 NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to uh um you know uh I mean I mean uh a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center I mean uh uh uh like I mean um of a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central uh you know um so okay like so location and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored like I mean uh like like I mean okay the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over like like you know um well so okay forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping um well I mean like uh you know I mean the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a so well well so uh uh um team based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', like um uh well well you know um Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained to uh so well I mean you know um I mean fans that he was informed by doctors that he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a okay like well like you know so you know mountain in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride to um like uh um uh okay um meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune you know okay I mean I mean I mean um you know feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the first eight episodes and I mean well okay well you know well like then from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, but okay um okay you know well um okay a six - part comic book series 'from the so uh like so I mean uh so minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley and uh well well um so well so Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an American okay like I mean so okay um so actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a cast member and you know like um um uh I mean okay writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages of the so I mean like well I mean like so Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain was uh um so well you know uh you know strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one okay okay like okay you know you know well idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and the okay okay well uh okay I mean well word 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete measure I mean so like like so uh I mean at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville I mean uh well you know okay you know okay received her primary education at home, later studying art in Paris uh um I mean uh I mean so uh in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and so okay like like uh I mean um stood as a liberal candidate this was to uh um I mean I mean like um well be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn okay like well like so you know uh by the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in so okay well you know um okay okay the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's okay okay uh you know well well I mean servers and it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to add artistic uh okay like okay um uh so effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - uh like you know like I mean um um The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono and um like um like like um like produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull okay I mean you know uh okay like um DD 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 I mean like um well well well I mean steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino okay well I mean I mean I mean so you know Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking I mean uh I mean um well so okay voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a uh like um uh you know like uh plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode you know um uh okay so okay uh of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who okay you know like so like well um gained control of the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha like well like I mean you know uh uh had advocated for a president elected by direct popular well um well you know you know okay okay suffrage, but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to I mean um okay so um you know so escape, but hi power was broken: the emirs um so okay okay um like um of Syria began to make terms with the Byzantines, so I mean um like uh um so and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an uh so I mean I mean uh I mean well Ukrainian comedy TV series that was first aired on you know okay so uh I mean well I mean October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 well you know um like uh you know you know to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; I mean well so um um um you know his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa well you know you know uh um well uh Barbara, California on 6 June 1976, at um you know I mean um uh uh well the age of 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming I mean like um you know uh uh well to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, was you know you know okay um okay I mean well taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 miles well um uh well okay like um of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at so um uh so uh so uh the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the story okay well well like um okay uh involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th anniversary like so I mean like um okay I mean of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of I mean I mean so well you know you know so the relevant country and are often as detailed in their design uh um well so like so um as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, I mean I mean I mean I mean okay um um however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by so uh so you know so like uh Miles Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - I mean I mean well like okay you know um les - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on you know okay well um well well okay his observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley well so um you know okay well um was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with so so okay well I mean well um friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage so like well I mean like well so Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in Ventura, you know so I mean so um I mean um California) played his college career at Ventura College for his so well so um I mean I mean so freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az you know well uh um like um well Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional revolutionary um like uh so uh I mean okay who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those uh um um so like um okay of a Reader (grade F) and an associate professor until so uh I mean uh so well um 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as well like uh well you know uh you know an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a Canadian okay okay well well okay I mean well professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England I mean well uh okay like okay okay was incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to um uh okay well like I mean uh freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo at right) was you know you know uh okay you know I mean well adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa track was so like uh uh uh okay I mean moved from the west to the east of the like so um uh uh well well NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the United uh like uh well okay you know I mean States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is a public I mean you know uh like like uh well use airport located one nautical mile (1. 85 km) south of uh I mean okay so um you know like the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and maintains so well so I mean um well uh more than four million square feet of inventory nationwide and well um well okay uh um okay ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- okay like okay uh okay so uh founding a small farm -- and initiated a youth um so well so I mean okay I mean addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six um like you know um well like well months behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed you know um uh um um okay you know in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of Jean like okay well well like you know um Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, 2004, you know um okay well I mean okay well she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an well um well well so well okay auxiliary mathematical tool, a trick as it were, you know uh I mean so so um okay to simplify the transformation from one system into another uh like I mean I mean I mean okay like -- it was Poincaré in 1900 who uh you know so like you know you know okay recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is like uh you know well you know I mean I mean 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik uh well you know so uh okay so at ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded well uh like I mean you know like I mean Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls you know so so okay uh you know okay and paste with mud for their thatched huts in villages, but uh okay um well you know so I mean now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' uh uh so well I mean um um in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried well uh like okay you know so so in Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of you know so I mean I mean well I mean well his career, he fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming Republican well well you know okay you know well okay member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Heck I mean um um um uh like okay and is a powerful mystic, born over five hundred you know you know okay so um I mean uh years ago in the mystic city of Kamar - okay I mean well well um okay uh Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is you know uh I mean well I mean uh uh a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy and like okay well well okay well I mean The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking the you know okay um okay so well okay limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and a member like well so uh so I mean okay of the Swedish parliament as a member of the like I mean uh like um you know uh Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by the okay well um you know uh well okay Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and forty - uh you know I mean well uh well I mean fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle without I mean I mean okay uh like you know like playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was okay I mean you know well um uh well called up by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to so so I mean okay I mean um like be part of his squad for the 2007 European you know uh like um okay I mean well Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as a well uh well uh um like I mean result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in okay well I mean so okay you know um the accident, that her significant other was never found, and so um I mean uh so well um that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in you know like okay uh like well okay the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the I mean I mean you know you know okay well you know Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, okay um okay I mean um I mean uh Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), I mean I mean uh I mean you know okay like Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such bands I mean like well you know so I mean like as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such producers you know like uh I mean like like like as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in Kansas, and well okay well you know like so okay the School Library Media Licensure program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in okay I mean like uh okay like okay Parke County, Indiana and is a single span Burr Arch um well well so like you know I mean Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to look um I mean so uh you know um okay similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to you know well um uh uh like I mean run through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure you know um well you know I mean like um from local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were so well so I mean like uh um cancelled in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board so well uh like I mean like uh from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass I mean so well you know I mean so like wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set up a private well um you know so you know well uh medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: these you know uh um so well okay you know came to naught, except that name of the 'Hunter so okay like so you know uh like School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company uh so so okay okay you know okay with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July 10, 1985, so okay well um well um like however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in New um I mean okay I mean I mean okay you know York City on December 13, 2016 and had a limited like so so um uh like so release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general like so so okay I mean um like election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the you know I mean so well you know so you know 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' and uh uh okay so okay okay okay follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 you know uh so uh like you know I mean and educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra like I mean you know um well like you know College, Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA uh so so I mean like uh uh in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to guard the uh well like okay uh you know okay Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and associations; like so like well um like you know they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, so I mean I mean you know you know like I mean Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, uh so so well like so well Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr area, well so well uh so so uh 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 well I mean so well you know um you know August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, okay uh I mean so you know like I mean but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a um okay so um so you know you know restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved you know I mean well I mean um I mean well to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students uh you know you know uh well I mean so of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar School you know like I mean well uh uh uh (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County you know uh like um I mean um I mean School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a I mean uh uh I mean so well you know garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were uh you know so so you know uh like taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard um you know uh so you know so okay and was held in the Round House until he was um so you know like okay you know so hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to okay so I mean you know you know I mean like 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized I mean uh um okay um you know uh as one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological okay you know well so I mean uh so education and the leading ecumenical centre for theological uh like okay okay um I mean you know education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album um like uh okay um um so featured the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', uh well okay like so well uh which although never a single for Kersh himself, later well like like you know um you know like became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which well so um you know like you know uh prepares students for the diverse opportunities in theiors well okay I mean so well well you know classes, electives to suit a wide range of interests, and like okay um I mean um well like classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football defender like um like so well so so who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, well you know um so um I mean you know similar to many other sci - fi shooters, and um I mean okay like um well well could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 and although I mean okay like um well well so the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first okay like like uh okay I mean uh NBA Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate okay you know I mean okay so uh um that will end automatically if the condition of the um well I mean uh uh um okay grantor occurs and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and on um um well so um I mean okay April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, February well uh uh well like like okay 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming like I mean so you know you know well so to raise awareness of the steaks available in well uh okay um uh uh you know the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or 17th I mean okay uh um so um I mean century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the um like you know you know so so um Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of okay well uh uh uh like you know Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and I mean okay like okay you know so uh consumed on a large scale in some areas of China, you know I mean like you know okay so well frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely um so um um uh uh well rare and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, so well okay uh like you know well was premiered at the German State Opera, Berlin on okay um I mean so um um like 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids some okay uh well well um like um of with are the Rapides de Cap - Saint uh uh I mean like well uh well - Jacques on the north western tip you know so uh you know like so I mean of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, okay well I mean okay like I mean so twin - turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, like so you know okay I mean uh well with Richards moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has well I mean I mean um uh uh so limited structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: um so I mean okay uh so uh on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was shot down uh well okay well like well okay by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries you know like so I mean I mean well I mean the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, such so well so like um uh so as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' role, because well uh I mean you know well well you know her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to well so I mean so like um like her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for playing uh so okay so well like um in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South I mean uh um you know like um uh Arabian language, a branch of the greater Semitic language family, like you know uh like like like you know and is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game well I mean okay so you know so well in the nation which features a match - up between the champions um so you know like okay uh okay of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for I mean like I mean um you know okay uh the first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the nascent I mean okay I mean okay you know well well Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was like you know uh um well like you know formed in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career well you know so um like I mean like marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was I mean um so well you know so well about 7 % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a uh I mean uh um um well I mean $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and you know uh well well so well uh some services are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or you know you know um okay well um well POIS, and it was discovered that this stemmed like like you know okay you know like so from an allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went I mean um um so um I mean I mean to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the like okay so you know you know uh um death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in I mean uh so you know I mean you know you know battle, this lust however can sometimes prove too much like uh like so well um well and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character I mean I mean well so well you know so from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, like um um uh uh so um who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city I mean so you know okay okay well okay is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the so so so like like so well technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting like well you know uh um I mean uh to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; um um like you know um I mean uh Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, well okay okay you know um I mean you know one being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in so um well I mean so like well Italy, Germany, and the United States, though they like uh uh okay like um so are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun uh um um you know well like um Colleges and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with you know I mean uh okay like I mean I mean Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase you know like you know so so like like of her life, she became one of Venice's resident okay like I mean like uh so like celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons like so you know so I mean well like before construction began, and the line was planned instead to so like uh well so like so terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's I mean I mean um uh well well you know continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth like like um like so well so Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of you know so like you know I mean like you know the Donegal Gaeltacht and with a population of just over um you know okay I mean um you know uh 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an okay okay okay like you know so um alliance between Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System uh you know I mean like you know you know um. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the so so so uh you know well um late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism who believed you know well okay you know uh like like that the transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee for okay so so um okay like I mean the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag Ismail Khel um uh well I mean so like so and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's famed Frontier Force well uh like you know well I mean you know Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route like you know um uh okay um like 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway is you know uh uh you know I mean you know okay meant to connect directly the communities in the you know like uh like I mean so okay north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, you know okay uh so like uh well to resign in July 1781, McKean was um uh uh like okay uh you know elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in a you know you know well um okay well I mean cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks um like um I mean I mean so so with trains to the city leaving from the north side you know um okay well like um uh and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', you know well uh you know like you know uh in wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been well like so like so so okay running an independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that I mean I mean okay well okay well okay sells ethical t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough of uh I mean okay well okay okay I mean Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when well well you know well you know um um a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who like well um I mean like so well at the age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part you know uh you know so okay you know well in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an like I mean okay um well uh I mean American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the uh well you know um um uh like Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 okay you know well so like okay um Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and well so like I mean well um you know during inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing so so you know um okay like you know bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - um okay like you know so you know you know Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from okay okay I mean I mean like okay I mean film critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's uh well well you know you know uh um performances, the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman and like okay okay so um like like so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where she received um you know uh you know okay um like a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on I mean so uh um you know um so the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), um okay okay um you know like well son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a Liverpool like uh you know I mean so you know um ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last like like I mean well like um so seen and what he was doing, one survivor said well um so I mean uh uh like Wilde was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to well well well like you know I mean like vote during the whole week and the winner was um okay like I mean like uh well decided only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying um well so um okay um uh force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to like you know so like okay um well 15 troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development of the um you know you know like like uh well textile industry and created a new type of so um okay okay you know I mean okay deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with rose um okay um you know okay okay okay water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners up in you know so well okay okay uh I mean the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to Audenshaw School, okay so I mean um so um um the match was staged at Manchester United's Old well you know I mean you know um like well Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved um uh well you know I mean I mean I mean to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for you know well like um well well okay the United States to study communications and political science at um you know uh I mean you know I mean so Drexel University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut so like okay um um okay well State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what they you know so like uh uh okay uh viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court policies, uh um like so so so um and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden rejects so okay I mean well so so um the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he well okay like um you know you know okay turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and well well uh I mean uh okay so finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, giving Ireland its uh I mean well I mean well I mean I mean best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother um well okay uh uh like uh and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted uh uh like well um you know well praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in North um okay I mean so um okay so America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves on okay okay okay well so okay like March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on the you know okay I mean so I mean I mean uh application of the Bill of Rights to an you know you know uh um I mean well like infringing statute, the general opinion was that the Bill of so so um well I mean you know I mean Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his um you know I mean okay so well okay brother, the latter was apprised of the same by I mean so you know I mean you know like well their common mother Kunti and hence even though he was privy to so um well okay you know I mean well the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) I mean well uh um um like okay kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that includes well like well well okay um I mean skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he um I mean like okay well um so knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old as so I mean um like you know you know like a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic so well well you know so um well David Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an okay so so uh like I mean okay English former professional footballer who was most recently the you know I mean uh so like so so caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its you know so uh uh uh you know I mean vertical stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released um well well well like um okay a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded uh um so okay you know like uh West, which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her uh I mean like you know okay you know I mean teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau well uh I mean like so okay um paid to keep the billboard up for over four you know well uh like so uh so years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between okay you know well I mean you know so so 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established you know uh you know um I mean um you know in 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and you know well uh uh so so like all of the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces um well you know you know um um you know when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is you know okay uh so well well um editor - in - chief at The Daily Wire, well okay so well so you know I mean an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is a founding uh um you know I mean like okay well member of MtW (Ministering the Word - Zambia) and also okay so you know uh uh okay so a final year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of uh so uh like okay um I mean her energies on music production, but she is also playing a um uh um you know okay you know so weekly residency gig as a member of Texas Space Monster like okay okay okay you know uh you know Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', um okay like um um I mean like produced by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from you know uh uh so well well you know Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a I mean uh I mean so um uh so highly - selective liberal arts college and one of three so well I mean uh uh so so official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on um like okay I mean you know you know so the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European okay you know I mean well like I mean okay Championships -- helping the national team finish second at Euro 2004 okay like okay you know okay um I mean and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more than um like I mean uh like um you know 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England uh um like you know so okay um with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, like okay uh I mean like like um establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, well you know so okay um I mean okay his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such so well like um uh I mean well services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is I mean well well I mean you know well okay a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has well I mean I mean I mean well okay well been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), you know uh you know like like so okay and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding uh well uh okay uh like uh member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the I mean you know you know you know so I mean okay humid subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such so um like um like well well as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Bongo well so okay uh you know like like Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist um well um uh I mean like well Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL okay okay uh okay I mean um um lags behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs I mean um you know uh I mean okay um. 82 % in 2005), and several of the larger firms okay uh like uh uh so you know in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 uh so um so so you know okay and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation you know well well you know well so so of the sun which had briefly emerged from I mean so okay you know um you know so the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an American stand well like you know like uh um I mean - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance in the well like um uh uh so well episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security forces so uh I mean you know uh like um that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage so so well okay I mean okay like performance with live singing and acting, were written and staged in uh okay um like uh I mean well Goa, since the time it evolved during the twenteeth I mean I mean um like um um I mean century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - so uh okay I mean like so you know girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up so I mean okay like you know I mean you know in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests like um so you know you know I mean you know was finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local like uh um I mean you know well well rivals Sunderland for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, um you know so you know so okay so though he was frequently called on to take part in murders; so you know uh um so um um indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished okay uh so well well I mean well the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was well well like I mean you know you know okay especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when it um um okay I mean um um I mean encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of luxury um uh uh um um like so forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and small roof application um like so I mean I mean okay well because of its hot air weldability. This means if you uh um well well uh well um have copied this then you have a small well I mean so you know um so well willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate as so like uh you know okay okay like being pushed out of office, and there has been uh so I mean I mean um I mean well talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and well um you know like okay I mean you know the action setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action okay well I mean um so well okay cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, okay so well so uh okay like plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and uh like okay so like so well has a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation including well uh okay like I mean so well Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, you know uh I mean well you know like you know all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in uh I mean I mean uh like so okay Korea and Jang received her big break with her cute so okay okay you know so so okay image and so as the other young stars in the you know um um okay you know so um cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and um uh um okay like so so opens up a new area of international production, which so like you know uh I mean you know you know at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial I mean I mean so like you know um I mean investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee like uh uh so so okay okay and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the north so um like I mean uh so so and the Mississippi state line on the south, uh so like um I mean uh uh with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye um okay like I mean so well you know injury following an incident with a BB gun; he would later well I mean you know well uh uh like say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's so you know so um like so okay Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of uh you know I mean you know well so I mean the Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in uh um uh like well um like several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in um um like like like okay uh Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, England) okay so well okay I mean okay so has been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University of okay okay um like so you know like Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering you know I mean well um like uh okay from Alzheimer's disease, and died three years later of so uh okay like like I mean uh complications from the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on well I mean like uh so I mean like November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one so okay uh well like um I mean of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, uh okay like well um okay um and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re matto', I mean like you know I mean uh I mean uh released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium uh you know so well okay okay okay in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all okay uh you know um um so you know home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic video so um you know well um well okay signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for example sending I mean like well well like okay like the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to um um like like you know okay so Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa like um well you know okay um I mean soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously like uh um well you know you know so President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile uh um okay uh well I mean okay media, a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under I mean uh okay I mean okay so so the management of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in you know okay um like you know well I mean 2002 it joined University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and in I mean uh like well um okay uh 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local fishermen, um so uh like okay okay I mean 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an I mean I mean so like uh like uh English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism and um um I mean you know okay um okay nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism is a common well so so well like um I mean project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing uh like well like so so um interest from communities and organizations throughout the country, and so so uh so like I mean you know in 1994 a group of community leaders gathered um okay um uh so like um at Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, so so like well so like you know while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the uh I mean uh like okay well like realm of quantum interferometry, which include like well uh uh you know you know so the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, 2013 well I mean I mean okay well I mean so and did the tenth birthday of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and uh so okay you know like uh I mean November, students are informed of their results in the um well you know like okay I mean like following March, and those who receive offers decide by the middle I mean um like well um so uh of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American um okay so um well I mean like writer best known for 14 crime novels featuring the highly I mean okay I mean like well um so popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than uh uh well you know you know uh um what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at beccles you know like I mean so well well I mean tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid well uh I mean you know you know you know you know race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all so so you know so so so um over the state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's you know okay I mean uh like okay okay central campus is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn Monroe in um so you know I mean uh I mean like mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat as uh well I mean so okay you know um a peer (twenty - five being the necessary age), but well like like you know uh so well he retained other rights, and this, combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is well so you know you know you know I mean I mean Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the okay I mean like well I mean uh so existing schools in its public education system, most okay you know okay so so well you know of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has um um like like okay um like a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland so so like um like well like before his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was collected uh like like okay well like um by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the Arctic I mean okay you know I mean you know uh okay Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which was well uh okay uh uh okay okay voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a you know so you know um okay well you know computer programmer before becoming internationally known for his work with so I mean uh um um okay so WikiLeaks and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his well you know okay I mean well uh well bag down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals I mean okay you know like like like so in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a so you know uh okay you know um um green shirt that has her symbol on it and like uh uh I mean uh um like exposes her lower belly and navel, with her hair um well well okay like well well back. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting with you know uh okay well I mean so like each other and their environment, as well two pirate ships okay like I mean um you know you know you know to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of uh you know um I mean okay well I mean the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against the religious uh well I mean okay like you know I mean discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated Diem regime, known you know uh so um well I mean uh as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large - scale uh you know uh so I mean okay um civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn you know like you know okay you know so like months later after appearing in a television series as the so uh you know um um like well extramarital interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center okay I mean I mean okay like so I mean with research focusing on communications between cells and okay I mean well uh uh so I mean the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained by Dantak, well so like you know I mean I mean okay a unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering division of I mean you know okay you know okay well you know Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without um you know okay well um um so the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to the so you know okay so so well so launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also okay well like like uh I mean well has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh I mean I mean like uh okay okay okay street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five so uh okay I mean you know uh uh flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for services but uh I mean you know well I mean okay so is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an okay okay um um um you know um open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as so okay okay like uh well like a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the like like well uh like like uh main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records well um I mean uh you know okay I mean for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she uh well like like okay like well also achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in so well like so I mean um uh a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be you know okay you know so uh okay okay completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he well I mean like like so so uh recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a I mean I mean like well okay you know well Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers like um you know you know you know I mean so featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally I mean I mean so I mean so um you know without aroma or only the slightest trace so so uh well well well like of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not uh well so like so uh like the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were you know you know okay okay um uh so deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college um you know I mean I mean you know um okay common room; he leads his friends and the students restore uh well you know so like you know so electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served well you know well okay uh uh I mean in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have I mean um so so like you know so the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach the okay well you know like uh well I mean Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his you know okay well well so so well position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs well you know um well okay so you know during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron you know well so well I mean like I mean and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive okay I mean um you know okay like um functional groups and two functional groups in which the so I mean um uh well I mean uh reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of so like I mean uh like okay like the nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu um uh um um uh well well in Hawaii and known for big wave surfing during like um well okay um I mean okay the winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku well uh well okay so well well Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup of you know you know you know uh uh okay um Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was I mean so you know okay um I mean well featured in the debut episode of the television series, is um um I mean uh um okay I mean featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit so okay like you know um like so for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she okay well so like so uh um was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar okay okay well I mean uh so um bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from you know you know like um like uh um 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his well you know I mean um well well well Law examination. At the age of twenty one years, Ishwar Chandra so I mean like so you know uh like joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion like so okay you know like I mean well designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on I mean uh okay uh you know um like a large scale, which can be both good and so so uh so uh uh you know bad, because of the large contributions by the okay uh you know I mean well so uh public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' okay well so um um um okay ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as okay okay you know okay you know so uh a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check like um okay like you know so I mean to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him instead of I mean okay well uh like um um Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name um uh I mean you know you know uh you know with probably less than 300 families around the globe. The bunt I mean okay well like uh I mean okay community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as okay I mean okay um uh um like Regent, and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that you know you know um you know you know like so was sent up shortly after the accident to search for the you know well you know you know like well okay wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, and uh like so I mean like so like many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes. Darken Rahl well like um like okay like so at age 15 had killed his father, Panis Rahl because he had like uh well you know I mean uh I mean found out that his father was going to kill uh um uh you know um well like him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions like um okay you know so uh you know within the Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially okay you know so you know uh you know like the space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near um I mean I mean like okay uh I mean - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris uh um like I mean um so uh in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk you know so uh okay I mean okay um craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi well like um I mean you know well so di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD uh um I mean like so so I mean ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by Thomas so um you know I mean like so I mean Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby Park in I mean uh so uh okay okay you know England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort like uh I mean uh like well so Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 spectators, um you know I mean um like okay okay and it is one of the few dragstrips um um I mean okay so okay okay in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the uh okay so uh like um um Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated um well so like well okay well at elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap uh uh so um I mean um um area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a okay so uh like I mean so you know group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a like you know um um okay like okay teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching uh uh okay well like I mean you know Conference in Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp and paper you know like well um well you know uh Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast you know well well like uh okay okay as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance to uh well um so you know I mean so British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; show like well uh uh I mean I mean um creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number well you know so I mean like like okay of US counties with a county police department called the Union like okay well uh so you know you know County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga so I mean uh well um so like and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including well okay well um uh like like major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) I mean um well uh you know I mean uh is a French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known as England uh you know well um well like uh today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and Jim um uh you know you know so well so Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band Derek you know so like you know so like so and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - I mean well like you know so okay you know 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring uh well um um well uh well 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly so you know so um well so you know rather similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so you know like I mean I mean I mean so so ISCII encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when you know um you know I mean um well uh his father died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested I mean you know um well you know uh so Mata Sundri, the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering okay so okay okay so uh well a varied array of female forms and expressing many you know okay okay you know uh like I mean different emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in um like you know um uh like um 1991, and won by The United States, though it uh so okay so so um well and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of so I mean you know I mean um I mean you know the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it uh uh uh okay okay okay well does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on stage okay like like you know I mean well I mean after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who uh I mean um you know well um okay prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming okay like so okay I mean you know like a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form uh I mean uh like well well well of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she had no I mean um um like I mean you know well property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter like so okay okay you know I mean so the track and require quick reactions to get on okay I mean you know like um uh um the right course, while Simulation racing games might include tire I mean I mean um so like uh I mean wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although the well well I mean like okay um like Code was not established until 1685, the Code Noir you know so so like um you know I mean forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co like uh you know I mean I mean um I mean. He was a founder in 1831 of the Bank like um um uh okay uh um of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; I mean I mean you know I mean okay okay uh born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November you know I mean I mean I mean well you know um 1, 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also um okay I mean okay um okay um composes for anime, he is mostly known in the well well so uh I mean um I mean west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been well like like like well okay um drinking prior to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro so you know like uh well uh you know spokesperson Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the actions taken by uh um so like uh well so the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser is the okay you know so okay um so you know highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 um you know like well like you know uh m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in uh um uh so like so um 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting members into so so okay um so like um the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in so I mean uh so well okay uh the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to the territorial um okay uh you know so you know like extent of Poland, following the decision taken at the um you know well um um like um Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno okay you know like so you know so um Junior College, where he was recruited by several high um you know okay you know I mean you know so - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 and you know like okay okay I mean I mean um this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach you know like like you know so okay so of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and okay like like so well uh well Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the 'Peace you know you know okay like um I mean well and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, so you know you know like I mean okay um organized a local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within okay you know uh um so I mean uh the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career at um um uh so like you know like League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of snack okay uh well I mean you know uh you know shops in South Wales and is a keen singer / you know so you know you know I mean uh okay songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest at Pontins like you know well well okay so well in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the well um like you know I mean okay I mean safe voyage of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring okay you know I mean so well so so of the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men in okay you know so you know uh um you know overcoming difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of uh well uh um like well like social debate at the time, leading the New Left so uh well well uh so uh to use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions I mean like I mean you know like so uh as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is you know like well um um well you know the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two most so like I mean you know I mean um okay prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most so okay so um so um you know frequently used constraint - based model in literature and the so I mean uh okay okay okay you know first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was like um so so so well so a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of well okay well like so I mean um a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political articles, like like I mean you know you know well well but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous so um like like I mean well um attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre I mean so okay um well I mean like de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained his like well uh so well well well first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in uh so you know like so like uh the Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a so I mean you know well you know you know I mean complex consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach like uh like uh uh I mean so volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing a you know um okay well uh um so below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who well so I mean I mean like so uh have come out, still praising them for their bravery, instead I mean um well I mean so like uh he acknowledges how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though they so so you know I mean so I mean well are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese imperial well so like okay um so okay court in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital okay I mean so like well well I mean in the late 8th century until the rise of the like okay I mean uh I mean well okay Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly okay um okay like okay like you know trained singers, and the use of spectacle as I mean uh I mean uh like uh I mean a replacement for dramatic purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, um um uh uh like um um where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about him well I mean so um so well um constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls and snakes, okay I mean well uh so um you know and forest clearance may lead to local habitat loss, like um so I mean um um um but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, I mean um um uh you know I mean like Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after well um so so so uh uh escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office but um uh uh well well um uh with a change in routine - instead of you know I mean well uh well uh um ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic I mean I mean you know okay uh uh okay combined, and ski jumping, and after the Olympics will okay I mean like uh uh okay um remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely pro-Seleucid, I mean um like you know I mean like so but the High Priestly family was split by rivalry, and I mean so like you know well you know um one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved uh you know well you know so well so on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working I mean like okay like well like I mean in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of um like you know okay I mean uh well Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as um well like so uh so um Apparition, and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as it well I mean um okay I mean okay um adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of well well well like uh um you know 'F - O - R - D' lettering on the hood, um um I mean I mean so you know uh and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, you know okay okay like so like uh Jones worked with many musicians who were great talents in you know well like okay um um okay their own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, like I mean you know um like so well Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject you know well so uh like well uh matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent okay I mean so so well I mean you know Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film so so you know um I mean uh like actor and comedian, who has been credited um um well you know well I mean okay in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of um so so you know well like like the United States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, 1944 I mean okay well um okay um I mean to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay by uh okay uh well like I mean uh Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet um well um um like okay I mean still managed to give the order to submerge, in all I mean um okay uh like like uh likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, like uh like like uh so um however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari okay uh I mean like okay I mean like and Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, and you know like well I mean you know okay well Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer so like well you know uh I mean you know Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed uh you know um uh you know uh um Elioak as home while they served in World War I mean well you know like well well well I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas I mean so you know well you know so um probable prime, so it is either prime uh so uh I mean like so you know or it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests I mean uh so you know so uh well are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of like so like so you know um okay the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of um um so I mean um I mean I mean 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and um you know I mean uh so so well Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt so well like uh so okay you know for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford you know well I mean okay so okay like Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to like uh um okay like like like Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said uh so I mean I mean I mean okay like to mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic like like um um like uh okay name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the well um you know well okay I mean like outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in like um well I mean um uh you know May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her I mean you know um like well okay you know class, he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, I mean okay okay like uh I mean okay Negros Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who like uh so you know um okay like competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers okay okay I mean I mean I mean well like are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do not okay well well you know you know you know okay is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge designs, uh you know I mean uh so okay I mean in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which has been you know okay like like you know um okay designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this method you know um okay I mean you know I mean okay of writing has is no longer used in modern written okay like well I mean like I mean okay Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated uh uh um I mean I mean well okay catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a like um so um well you know so message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the I mean so I mean um well like okay Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in I mean I mean okay so okay okay um Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for Rio um you know uh like so I mean well de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government was I mean like like um um well you know unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's okay well I mean well like like you know (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while uh like you know you know well well okay arguing with Tyrone, she throws plates at the uh like you know um well you know well wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains use I mean well so like uh um you know the Up and Down main lines, the Down I mean you know I mean you know well um so loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies I mean uh okay like you know so you know that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in okay you know I mean uh you know like um 1793, but his plant material remained with him for okay so okay I mean I mean like like the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes his well uh you know so well uh okay body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him uh well uh you know well I mean uh to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is um well uh okay uh you know um an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans um okay so like I mean I mean well outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the I mean okay like like you know I mean um gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who wish um well you know I mean okay um uh to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come as so okay I mean uh like okay uh his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox had well um uh um I mean um okay been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was I mean um so you know uh you know okay responsible for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for you know so you know you know uh so like iPad, iPhone and iPod touch, released in December 2011, well like like like you know you know okay tells the story of the making of Bandolier in okay I mean okay well uh so um the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and production you know you know uh like like okay you know became sourced to several manufactures to meet the defense needs I mean so so okay so uh I mean on several aircraft after the unacceptability of both locally and like I mean you know so uh I mean well remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established in 1920, it like so like so you know I mean um is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since well um well well so well uh its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry to so okay I mean well um um um the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify for I mean so uh um um so okay the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and short, okay okay uh you know like like well mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are well well you know like like um um more prone to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial uh um I mean like I mean I mean okay Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter okay like um you know so well so and Instagram, with social - first campaigns well I mean well okay I mean well like such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Some Starlight' okay I mean okay okay well okay so the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at okay I mean you know like um so so Wentworth by one stroke he carded a -6 66 I mean you know I mean well well so so final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, so okay like um okay so okay University of Sydney; living very simply and it well uh okay you know I mean so okay has been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the you know you know I mean like um I mean well Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to well uh uh so um you know so refer to som heter shukri och äe pirat okay well okay so okay okay well customary international law and also the name of I mean well uh well um um like a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by um well I mean um so you know okay local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the so I mean uh you know okay well you know idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then you know well well you know well like well owned by the Heart of the Earth survival school, well well I mean okay well um so associated with the American Indian Movement, who floated a well so okay um like uh okay plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who appeared you know well I mean well well like okay up on the TitanTron and told Batista that if he wanted you know um like I mean well okay like to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for uh um um um uh well I mean the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of okay like I mean so well uh I mean four, the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director in 1993, uh I mean well so so okay um changing his surname to Russell in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an ethnic so um um okay so okay uh cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile okay like uh uh so well um in Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the I mean like like so I mean okay um second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, so um so um um uh uh but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, it you know so I mean okay like okay uh was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle I mean I mean um um um I mean like Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in uh uh uh like I mean well well 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and you know like you know okay so you know I mean is staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) I mean okay uh I mean well um I mean and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport you know so so well okay like so was in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from like so okay uh well um um nearby town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her no um uh so you know well um well good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will find you know well so I mean so I mean uh her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the like well okay you know you know well like development of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups you know uh well well you know like so tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the I mean uh okay so um okay well GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of the merger well like well um uh um well that created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath High you know uh so okay okay you know I mean School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The so so so okay okay okay like White Swan - as well as a post office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of I mean uh so um so um well construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies well uh like well so okay well a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy uh so like like so um you know to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on you know um um okay um well well the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator uh you know okay you know so so so Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features well I mean you know um okay like like a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban master well uh so uh I mean like I mean planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as you know so well okay um um I mean lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in okay well I mean like okay okay uh the installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L you know uh you know you know um I mean so. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the uh uh you know okay well I mean like 1980's in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in uh um well I mean um well well Kenya where an entire tribe in the village of like uh okay um well okay um Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus so um so um so uh um ultimatly becoming like who he who saught to stop he lowers uh well you know uh like like I mean his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, like so I mean um you know okay you know many maintain that it was a device created out of tradition um I mean so so okay you know you know and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond uh well well uh okay you know uh and lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son well so like like you know like I mean of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a beehive you know um you know like like you know well of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany so you know so like so uh uh ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam you know I mean uh uh so um okay ) was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit so you know okay so so okay so in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs so I mean you know um you know like um around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn well um uh so well well so into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts in you know well okay you know uh I mean uh real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the I mean so uh I mean like uh so Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has I mean well uh I mean like I mean you know trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures um uh uh okay uh like like enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is easily well you know okay uh like so you know and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern okay you know you know um well like uh California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very you know like you know I mean um you know I mean unusual and unique feature, a stream running along either so I mean uh you know well okay uh side of Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into the um well so I mean I mean you know okay Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 I mean like well okay you know um um '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing a leather you know like uh so um I mean well jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with uh I mean like okay um okay uh her parents, older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles okay okay so okay so um um as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage you know okay I mean like you know so you know cheese' dates back to 1831 and is believed to have originated because I mean so like I mean so uh you know the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 well uh so like okay okay um men, led by an officer, would roam the streets like like well I mean like uh like looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from well okay like like okay okay so the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' like so um uh you know so okay reforms of passenger rail operations, with the last regular like okay okay like uh uh so train they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical okay well um uh okay I mean okay views of British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is I mean I mean like well um like uh certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Railways and like so so you know uh well um in that capacity had charge of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, like so well uh you know okay you know pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia like like okay like I mean so well revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional arts you know like so well you know like you know of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals so I mean uh okay okay okay I mean and influential activists as well as by the artistic and I mean uh like uh um you know okay political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology like uh you know like well um so collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the um um well um like uh you know Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration so um uh uh you know uh uh of the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 she like um uh uh um okay like was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a um you know well okay like okay like village in Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name I mean you know like uh you know you know you know from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion RMB like I mean um okay I mean you know like (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called like okay you know like uh well well protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade and like like you know I mean so you know I mean that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until her departure okay I mean well okay I mean I mean you know from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before the programme like uh um um uh you know I mean is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the I mean um um so um uh so most generous afforded by the United States to a well so uh uh um I mean you know Native group, and point out that some of the largest okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean like and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel um you know you know uh so so I mean in its Historic Hotels of America program and the American Society so so so uh well so um of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about okay like I mean so well um I mean the device and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she was so I mean so I mean um well uh known to be present at her husband's investment ceremony at like well uh okay like so um Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', though uh you know okay okay I mean so uh it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's 'The so okay so I mean uh um uh American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine you know so so um I mean uh uh showed that at least the 14 men mentioned uh um uh okay you know so so in the parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed I mean well uh well you know well uh with shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports um uh um uh like um so operated by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being T well so you know I mean okay okay um. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to escape using like so well so um like you know a different DST, placed in a remote location, much of well okay I mean I mean like okay so the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - uh I mean okay um you know um okay Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials with Raoul you know I mean I mean I mean so you know okay Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the image so I mean uh um uh you know well of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - Ti's you know well like like okay okay you know power is considered by some to be the most like you know well so so I mean like important, for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them like okay like well um um well to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', um you know so you know so well uh is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of I mean um uh I mean well like so Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in well um you know okay like so like the 59th minute of their match against England in okay uh I mean uh uh okay I mean the group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- well okay um I mean okay I mean I mean 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population decreased so so uh so well well so almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach its I mean uh you know like well okay okay former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in well I mean well uh um so like doubles (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22) well well I mean well I mean uh you know. Posted a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres you know like so you know uh so you know (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to 1, um um you know so um well so 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew uh you know like I mean um you know okay River that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano singing uh like I mean uh uh um well 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), well you know well um well um you know the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of I mean um uh okay I mean okay you know New Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' uh well like like like you know you know sputtered along, foundered and was revived numerous times during the like um um um like so I mean 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero okay you know you know um uh like okay value may be replaced with a single empty group using uh I mean uh well okay okay uh two consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution may only you know uh okay well uh okay you know be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated okay uh like okay so um okay at the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, um well you know you know well okay uh approximately halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 so so like uh um I mean I mean kilometers from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as commander of well like well I mean uh you know like division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle of so you know you know so I mean um okay Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, and six well so well so like okay well weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at like okay okay okay uh um okay Mackay Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the um I mean um I mean you know well um Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams did okay okay um okay um I mean so not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders was I mean um so well uh I mean okay deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that like you know um uh well like I mean as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and you know so so uh well you know you know has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / so so well well you know okay like Singer Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen um so um well I mean uh okay many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical okay okay I mean okay uh so okay physicist at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical like well like you know like okay well Physics at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping I mean I mean well you know so like so / honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of which so uh okay you know well you know okay are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and um uh I mean okay so um you know research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga you know like so you know um um um Cooperation Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee okay uh so like okay you know okay industry amongst the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine you know well uh um uh you know like fish native to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, in uh um okay you know uh um I mean aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s so so like um you know like okay by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling uh okay well like um you know well agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - I mean you know you know okay so okay like running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel I mean so uh I mean like uh uh to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), so um you know well um so okay also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, so uh like I mean well um well with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to you know so uh I mean so okay um the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel uh um you know well so um okay novel in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source okay uh like you know I mean so so of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring uh okay well well uh uh so Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after you know well like I mean I mean well okay the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from uh well uh like um uh okay 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a okay well you know okay I mean so uh special - purpose map made to show geological the strata so well well like I mean like uh are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft I mean um uh I mean okay well uh where he worked on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more or uh well like well well okay like less separate lives, and the couple separated completely after a so well uh um um you know you know last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot well um uh well okay okay okay returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during um um well so I mean uh uh which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in I mean I mean well well so uh so U. S. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several public collections, like uh um you know well um so among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County Community College you know I mean well like like well well Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are so like I mean so like you know okay at al - Kum designated by the Ministry um so so I mean I mean so uh of Health as level 1, close by is uh I mean uh okay um like um Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he um I mean you know like um I mean I mean was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - like um so uh okay I mean okay known was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction okay you know like I mean like you know I mean account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind um well uh okay okay like um control, cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the so uh uh so well you know okay European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours well well um you know um I mean um of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, okay um so you know you know like you know he learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions so uh so I mean so well okay that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research you know uh well you know uh um um interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice so okay um I mean well okay well research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of like so uh okay so you know so Representatives in 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker uh well um so well um uh served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as like um um well so okay like chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian basketball I mean you know you know okay you know like I mean coach that currently serves as head coach of CSKA Moscow um like like I mean um like I mean in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially like you know well well uh you know um serving in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) so so so well okay well well - Jordan Wui Cheung Road ), but it is um I mean well I mean you know you know I mean now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely uh okay okay you know so I mean like its degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing for um okay like you know um you know uh the same territory, it has run afoul with ISIL you know okay you know like um uh like and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about 42, okay you know uh like okay okay I mean 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop band okay uh um so well you know like 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and Salvador well uh I mean okay uh uh okay pressed for its members to instruct the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the Cocteau Twins so I mean okay like okay okay um who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's I mean uh you know I mean like um um music and as a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 so you know so uh so well okay of those will be home games, they you know you know okay you know like I mean uh will also be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, um I mean you know well well uh you know Andre Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that so uh uh I mean you know um uh took Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist so like so so well you know okay and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year okay you know like uh you know uh um later, in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos on okay okay you know so um like I mean 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the uh so well so you know so you know song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the pipe so okay so I mean okay well so to which the washer is connected than that um so okay okay well uh uh source can provide: the water supply must be adequate you know so you know well I mean I mean you know for the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve years, so uh you know well so um you know the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in Kimanis but okay so like um okay I mean so in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but so you know you know uh okay like you know it was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such um so you know um you know so um as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the basilar so well um like okay I mean uh artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to you know um okay like uh well so produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd okay I mean well uh like uh well and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, and I mean well I mean like I mean okay um in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member well well uh well like um well of the Indian classical music family', with its roots as well uh well you know so well well a folk instrument having a legendary background to the like um so I mean uh so I mean Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late rapper like I mean I mean like uh so so Eazy - E, from his album of the same um well you know um so okay um name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was released in 1989 like okay okay you know like you know like and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden okay um you know well so like so towers' ) is a name that the Greeks of okay you know so well okay uh well the Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in I mean well like um uh well okay the 1960's as a means to pool resources and share um okay um well so okay I mean facilities, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine um um you know like I mean you know um Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) um you know you know so well like you know was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské okay well you know you know you know I mean okay divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every uh you know you know uh okay so okay year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of you know so uh um like like you know commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' so you know uh okay you know okay so and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West like okay I mean you know so I mean okay Indies cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad well so so um uh well like for 'personal reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial well well uh so well like uh to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, okay well uh uh so um I mean the name was not retired and was re-used during okay I mean I mean um I mean um I mean the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the landing at so I mean so like like you know okay Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while well so okay like you know well okay polling of individual constituencies and groups of them (such so okay um I mean um well like as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was well you know um so like so you know leading the league with a. 328 average, but a so uh like okay well like I mean 3 - for - 32 slump in the middle of like um okay you know uh you know like September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las so I mean so so so well like Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses so uh well uh like okay so and 9, 250 houses, left of standing water in Franklin, well so you know uh uh I mean you know and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, well okay okay um uh so well the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the like okay I mean so okay I mean okay border of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - well well like you know um you know uh Inquart, the latter communique having been arranged after the troops well I mean well you know uh like okay had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America in', like okay okay so you know okay okay and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men okay like well so I mean well you know calling themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are you know well uh um okay I mean so filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with you know so you know um you know well um four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of them killed), until well so like uh so so um Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 you know um okay so well you know well ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, so like so I mean like uh okay and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's okay uh well well uh um uh also investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for okay well okay uh you know I mean so Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', I mean well well okay um like I mean and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, you know so uh okay uh I mean I mean and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the well uh okay uh I mean okay so boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his you know I mean you know like like you know well visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited uh you know uh uh okay uh so Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award okay like like well well like okay by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship you know uh well I mean I mean I mean you know at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, you know I mean I mean I mean I mean uh well as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December uh um so uh okay okay like normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, so so okay um um um uh or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron like uh um I mean well so I mean du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was well like um um so um like a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents so uh well like well like like and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 um uh well um like I mean I mean - 1' was a more guitar based pop well so well um I mean I mean uh album that also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold well I mean um like um um I mean Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen like so uh okay uh uh uh suffering a stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and okay you know like like I mean well okay unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company uh you know uh I mean you know I mean um listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the companies involvement okay I mean uh you know I mean um I mean in N. Africa and North East Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as much um well I mean uh uh you know you know textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' you know I mean okay well you know uh like ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough um like so so I mean well well of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss so like uh uh well like okay near the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, so so like you know uh like um east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in the first I mean okay you know you know like like well two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; 1886 - so okay uh well so well um 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike um well well like okay like like in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and you know well like okay well okay okay as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 € um like like okay you know well so plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a 3 - so like um um I mean uh so year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair uh you know well like so I mean like of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, uh so uh I mean you know I mean uh New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive like okay uh uh well okay you know than the lion, their struggle became more like um so so um um so okay that of dogs unable to beat each other, so I mean like uh so well uh and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among okay um you know okay like I mean like his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie uh okay uh okay I mean so um completely within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) okay I mean so so you know I mean like traditional territory is also in the region -- its claims you know um well um well okay uh overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that like well uh so uh you know okay found form in their architect a congregational space that was okay okay I mean so okay um I mean used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage the so okay so well like I mean I mean play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and um um uh you know well uh well backed him against the other main party on the Privy I mean okay well um you know well you know Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he uh you know so so like uh um wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the dam uh okay well I mean I mean um okay on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) I mean so you know um um well um was born as the second son of Reynold Lambert uh uh okay um okay uh okay Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' uh okay um um well um okay on its vocals created and a 'moody' production that uh like um well uh so I mean was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of his brothers make well you know well like you know uh so up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until like well okay like I mean okay uh 5 October 2001) was a British television channel owned and operated I mean I mean um so so like uh by Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended um like um like I mean um I mean operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention so like I mean well well well okay to the electrified commuter lines they began operating on January okay you know okay uh well so um 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - um um well uh well so like based Eagle Hills and he also acts as um um you know you know okay you know um a top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round 5 and, well so uh uh well uh okay with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - I mean okay I mean uh like okay you know consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial science, so you know uh okay uh uh like and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework schedules and so um um uh okay um so series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, well okay so well uh um well that Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all so I mean um like uh uh I mean non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano (located like well like I mean um I mean I mean in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about 2 - okay like well okay uh uh I mean 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' you know uh I mean like well you know I mean and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined you know um um um like uh I mean Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up well uh so I mean well I mean well to December 1999, and then in January 2000 well I mean uh uh okay you know so signed a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of like you know okay um I mean uh uh music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make well you know I mean well um uh uh it an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the I mean you know you know uh so uh um late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served well so so well okay okay you know and eaten with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line well like I mean uh um like you know of San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently like well so uh like you know you know owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide um like uh you know so well uh priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it like uh like so well you know um was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness you know you know you know well you know uh like are frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, well okay uh uh you know so like there is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on I mean okay so uh I mean um I mean the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the 6th like you know okay uh like okay okay century B. C. Its greatest period began from the 3rd so you know you know okay like so like century B. C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the okay you know okay like I mean okay you know Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with screenings I mean like uh I mean you know like you know for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star in I mean you know okay um I mean you know um the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women and you know like um okay I mean I mean like Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, like uh uh like uh like uh Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May so um I mean okay so like well 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized I mean so uh okay well uh I mean as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's modern U you know um like you know well so like. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest well so well you know I mean so uh for 40 years or more', but Red Fife I mean you know well uh okay um so is a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married well you know so okay so like like to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of um well like well you know well you know Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in 1891, Crawford (with I mean you know um you know you know okay I mean Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home for like so okay okay like like well sale and then gone out of town, and the okay um well okay uh you know okay daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered uh I mean okay I mean uh okay I mean the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an important okay I mean I mean um so okay like tributary of the Tapajós river along with the you know you know well I mean um well so discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a palace like so um uh well okay like in Downton on one of the islands by I mean you know well um um well um the Moot when the palace was taken down you know um you know um so so you know and the stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops like like like like so so so for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by well uh like so uh well well Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing like uh um um so like so arrows continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of um you know so um um I mean well turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who plays you know um like well um uh like for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to prevent the you know well like I mean um I mean um reduction in the size of the school's playing fields, although I mean um like you know you know okay uh a new food technology block has been built where the okay well well um uh like well athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or so I mean um like uh I mean uh jackal, but a distinct canid, although based only on morphological okay so you know you know uh um okay similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, okay well um you know uh uh uh strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and like okay uh um I mean you know I mean included in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises near Kaisariani uh okay like um well well okay on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built into you know I mean um well uh you know like the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer uh I mean so uh well so um and United States Marine officer who won the National Book uh I mean like okay like uh you know Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie you know okay okay okay okay you know um Chaplin in one of his very first acting like uh like I mean um um you know roles during its first London production, playing the character of well like you know um you know okay so Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' okay so like um okay so um is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally um you know so you know uh uh like airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try like okay um uh well well so to call him to warn him but are confronted by um I mean well um I mean I mean you know the assassin who spares their lives since they are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most well like okay you know okay um I mean of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to uh uh so uh okay okay I mean Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished uh okay so so okay okay uh a 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse and um you know um so you know uh uh announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent you know okay I mean well okay I mean like players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms uh you know okay um so uh like of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the like well um uh like well like reason for the extinction of the larger of the so I mean so uh uh I mean okay two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign um uh I mean okay I mean well I mean and her heir apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince William, I mean well so okay I mean uh okay Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament so um I mean I mean so so okay on the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and celebration you know I mean like like I mean well so as the residents join together in a community that is so um I mean you know well you know like a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell uh okay uh um you know well I mean by Charon, here played as a gum - chewing well um you know uh like well you know valley girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, and uh um okay okay like I mean uh previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL - TV Orlando, FL, you know you know I mean I mean um uh well and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered you know um uh you know I mean like well in the United States Congress and has since been invited uh uh so well well uh um to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased the so so well like I mean okay like office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family arranged well um you know so well you know I mean a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ 100, 000 I mean um so um uh you know you know per year for ten years), and in 1935, he uh okay I mean you know like uh I mean signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator well so uh uh like okay okay - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and I mean like uh well so okay okay currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a list um like so um uh like you know of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the main I mean um like so I mean you know okay possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having um well um well so well um already won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to try so I mean uh like okay well um to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by um well you know uh um so you know Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the um like um uh um uh um piano playing and vocals of American artist Wrabel, with I mean you know okay like like um well 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - I mean uh you know okay so so well Egyptian excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since 1987 so I mean um well uh so well he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at you know okay um um uh like well Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in I mean so I mean okay okay uh okay Baltimore, and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to um you know so okay you know uh um the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 season well like okay so well like well and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be like uh I mean I mean I mean you know um critical to a program's performance; this register allocation is um um well so I mean uh okay performed either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by um so uh okay I mean well well the BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake you know so um okay um so like completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around uh like uh so so uh I mean their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of I mean okay well like like um I mean cilia that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle so um so okay okay I mean okay and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 like you know so I mean uh okay I mean June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although testimony at like like um um okay like okay trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered so so like so like um okay a idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try to okay so well so well um okay seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away um okay so I mean I mean uh like invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest railway um I mean okay well um I mean I mean station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep uh like uh um well so like cool and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts okay um um you know okay okay so of the CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day okay okay um you know um so uh Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the first um well so um um um okay valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner I mean okay you know well uh well um or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates um like well so okay I mean you know the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its I mean you know so so so okay I mean heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam engines so like uh uh uh like you know and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was uh I mean I mean well like so um appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 like so so well um well so after the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in well so well like so well I mean 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front um okay okay well you know uh okay gates of the school and forced it to close, um I mean I mean uh I mean you know so while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes you know you know I mean well um so like and forms into an ordered filament structure which has well so um um I mean you know so two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to you know uh like well well um I mean form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley um like okay well um so okay Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, so so like uh well uh like 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, you know um so uh you know okay okay formed in 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian like like I mean okay you know I mean well non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with 4796 you know um so I mean um I mean like cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety uh okay well okay uh uh I mean 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share you know I mean I mean well uh you know you know their vision for the future as keynotes, as every sector of like like like well I mean you know well the evolving new music business convenes to discuss you know so like okay I mean uh okay their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only so well like so you know I mean um craft upon which James Murray could lay hands, the you know uh I mean okay well um like ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going uh like so you know okay okay uh to become a presenter as well as a singer; I mean well um you know like uh um in 2016, she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University well so like like uh okay I mean Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with okay you know uh you know I mean um well its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is you know well well so like well so a British professional boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title I mean uh well okay uh so uh since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix uh uh I mean like so so I mean Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one I mean um so I mean um so so of New Zealand's most recognised actors on his um I mean like okay um so like own soil. He was a much loved feature of like um I mean well okay like so many local films made between 1981 and uh uh okay okay okay so like 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has allegedly like so okay uh well like well been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have you know so like well okay like you know been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) I mean okay you know so uh uh okay was succeeded by an even shorter - lived first um okay well well okay I mean you know Albanian Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the Spooner so you know uh like like well you know Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority um uh well okay well like I mean for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, okay like um so I mean you know like Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn Art like so um I mean like well well University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) I mean um like um well like uh in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the uh well okay like um well well wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 okay okay uh um well um okay March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La Jolla, I mean I mean like um so well you know California, in the parking lot of a golf course, where you know okay you know um uh okay I mean he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest like so okay I mean I mean so so implementations of this process where orders were taken by uh uh um okay so uh um phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania okay so you know um I mean um you know during the 6th and 7th centuries, during the trying period when so um okay like I mean I mean I mean the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish uh like okay um you know you know so King Clovis I, and was considered to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and okay um I mean well um uh I mean T. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet uh um so I mean you know well you know population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the well well okay well so I mean you know Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr so okay well I mean so okay like. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by so um you know so okay I mean so independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, like I mean okay you know like you know like and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that are many well uh you know you know um well um times larger and more massive than the Sun. Such stars live you know um like you know like okay like for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the uh okay so well I mean you know well Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - of so so you know so so you know okay - town tryouts, later saying she felt the role uh like okay um like so well was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will you know you know so um uh like okay fund the financial loss incurred by any rise well well uh I mean uh you know well in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the you know you know um so well you know um stations to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; I mean um I mean uh uh like uh some affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street like uh I mean you know um I mean I mean in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April I mean uh so well so uh you know 4, 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state champion I mean well um like um um like football team, which won three state titles in um I mean like um so so well 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Hills, um I mean so okay okay um you know serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with well okay well you know you know okay I mean Dr. Berger and learns to try to confront you know so okay like you know okay uh rather than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth uh I mean you know um I mean uh um McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the market I mean you know like you know well you know I mean for such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent like so you know well I mean okay well of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', like like um um you know I mean so as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join um well well uh um I mean I mean Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on his okay uh um okay so I mean I mean own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime um you know okay um you know okay like in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and well you know okay okay you know uh I mean studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music band, uh I mean um you know okay um so using their instruments he learned music by experience and after so um okay uh you know okay I mean a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the I mean uh uh uh okay uh well sudden attack and the crusade force advanced toward the town of so uh I mean um I mean uh I mean Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the um well so so uh like you know crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the okay okay okay uh you know uh well don't pass line bet, he or she can no longer um um um you know well you know so lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can still lay I mean um well you know you know you know you know odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a uh so uh you know so like like separate compilation phase, rather than being directly so like well you know so um well interpreted, which allows a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to so I mean um uh um uh you know the south bank of the river a short walk from you know I mean so so um like I mean Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the you know well like okay like so um Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and most is you know like uh um so okay so in the East Midlands region; the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - uh so okay well uh well you know a Leopard tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the uh so you know you know um uh you know German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald um uh you know I mean so like well head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen I mean so well so well you know so and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in I mean I mean well okay like okay uh 'More Friends - music from FINAL uh okay you know like uh um okay FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee you know uh uh okay I mean you know so on Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, so so so okay you know you know you know was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain name well like uh so like you know I mean allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this role was assumed so you know well like okay like okay by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - you know you know um like you know um I mean old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, along like you know so okay um uh you know with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly um okay uh well I mean well uh all of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council were uh you know well so okay uh uh U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the well you know so uh so I mean you know government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains so you know uh well you know I mean okay of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open to I mean so well well well I mean so the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) um uh so okay okay you know okay al - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and refused uh um you know I mean um so well the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would I mean you know uh uh uh you know well be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, London) is so okay um like uh like like best known as being the former guitarist for Ash, you know I mean so uh well okay so but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), who I mean I mean I mean like uh you know so assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as South okay okay okay you know um like you know Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan in uh um like you know so you know um western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative well I mean okay you know you know so okay Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black so so uh you know like well um Soulstone, and knowing it is too dangerous to leave I mean I mean okay you know well I mean well in the hands of mortals or angels, takes I mean well like okay you know um uh the Black Soulstone back to Sanctuary and attempts you know so uh okay um like like to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the like you know so okay you know I mean um Atlantic Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; you know I mean you know um like uh like his voyage, which arose from a dare with his friends over you know uh okay okay so I mean uh a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from okay I mean you know uh uh um so 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- you know well you know okay well um um 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, I mean um uh I mean you know okay well the two partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing well I mean uh like um well so line -- when the first production batch rolled out, Jack so so so I mean um okay uh and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and I mean I mean uh uh uh I mean okay working out of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, like so uh you know uh like um the first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album to be written well you know like um um so like entirely by Bowie, it was released as a single so um you know so well well okay ahead of the album and charted in the you know uh okay you know so well well Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in so I mean you know um okay uh I mean the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the well um like uh um so okay bell tower and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, uh okay like well like um like but at the end of a near - perfect dinner you know um okay so so like I mean party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New York) um okay so well uh so um is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently like uh well uh uh so so plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers I mean you know okay um well so like Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and well well so I mean like like um founder of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety well um so I mean okay I mean um of Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest okay I mean you know so I mean okay uh movie and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a well so you know like so well you know retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading uh well uh um I mean you know okay 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and helped well I mean okay um uh you know I mean to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, okay uh you know you know like like I mean with X and Y closer together than Y and like so like okay um so uh Z, the temporal interval between the X and Y flashes is so I mean like okay okay like well perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to one you know well well so well so I mean of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he has claimed okay well I mean well um I mean so he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight um uh okay so you know you know I mean test in 1976 when, taking off under its own so like okay I mean I mean uh like power from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was so okay okay I mean I mean okay well flown by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, okay well you know so okay okay okay to which the former judge responded by largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission's I mean well like uh like well well Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and on the well I mean you know um okay like you know Board of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 uh um okay like um okay uh September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version like uh like uh um okay like of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general you know well uh I mean you know uh well medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also so you know uh so um you know you know used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and okay well well well like like so he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took well um like okay uh I mean okay Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could get like well I mean I mean well so so the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and like you know um so uh I mean okay built with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game theory you know well um so um you know uh would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by like you know well okay uh like okay John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is okay okay uh you know well so well a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently I mean uh you know you know you know I mean like playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content of the well okay you know um like I mean well videos, including suggestions that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and autumn so um I mean I mean okay um okay of 1942 on a link between Sicily and okay I mean I mean like I mean um you know Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and 2008, okay so okay I mean so uh like respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, uh um uh so so you know uh caused in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively you know uh okay okay so well well small, but it is nevertheless a key factor in its so like you know like um you know like economy - there are more than 120 publishers in the um like so um like um like country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win you know um so well so uh like and also led them in their centenary year, but left so I mean uh so well uh um the club in 1976 when he was transferred well well I mean so I mean so you know to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a science I mean like um okay you know like okay fiction theme centering on a union between a veteran um okay I mean um you know like um police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail uh um uh so so okay I mean and received from the Russian Empress Catherine the so okay I mean okay okay I mean okay Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man World okay um I mean uh uh you know I mean Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he had 15 (from 16) podium so so uh you know I mean like I mean finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in well like like you know like like you know (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is an American rapper, who so you know so you know you know um you know first began rapping at the age of 12, and I mean so you know so okay you know you know signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the 'Fallout' uh so okay well you know okay like timeline before the Great War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and uh um so you know so okay um stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine so like uh um I mean so so gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers and so you know okay okay okay like so streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns about its business well so so you know okay well so practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for the service I mean uh so um you know you know like (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and you know you know like well um okay I mean by the end of the season is kicked off uh like uh well well um you know the 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite uh you know you know um I mean uh like ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K well well okay I mean you know like well platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in so you know well so I mean you know uh New York City opened in 1992 created by Allan well like uh so uh um I mean Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, so okay uh you know um I mean um appeared in five episodes between 29 December 2009 well well so um okay you know um and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts uh you know well um uh well you know Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar I mean so um okay well well um tract, a way in which stretch receptor and other so like well you know well you know uh mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is well well like um like okay I mean dragged to an isolation cell for punishment where he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 uh um like uh okay well you know cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to I mean uh I mean um I mean okay like Bell's Mills further down the Deep River, then set off um I mean you know so um like like with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, 1992) uh I mean like uh you know okay so was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious um uh you know so well so I mean will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to okay you know like you know okay okay um the Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of uh so okay okay I mean um so the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all well you know so I mean I mean I mean so aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had um okay uh uh um uh like been handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the okay um okay so well uh so Burid emir of Damascus, but he too was tired or well I mean well so okay um so waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on like like well uh well you know uh three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert I mean like um I mean well well um Lamoureux under the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November like I mean well you know I mean I mean well 25, 1888, while the choral version premiered three you know okay so so I mean uh like days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the Treasury, you know um well so you know you know I mean and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, okay okay uh um so okay um Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined men; except okay so okay okay uh like like for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under like like you know well like like uh contest for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since um uh um okay well okay okay 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert on child abuse um well I mean so you know um like on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in like you know okay uh um I mean well Trenton, the route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that was okay like you know okay I mean I mean you know built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief so like I mean uh um so well Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a like okay so well so uh so large and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as I mean so okay I mean um like you know 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play okay I mean okay uh uh you know I mean for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while so okay uh I mean so like uh the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall in so okay you know like you know so um which the wedding will take place -- it's where Emily's parents got um you know uh uh you know okay okay married, and the wedding will be the last um well well uh I mean like so event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop video you know um so I mean so you know so standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed um um I mean so so so well around 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; well um you know uh well okay like buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged during okay um you know um so so you know the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it was I mean um like uh so uh um rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an uh like like okay like so you know international star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February uh you know I mean okay I mean um um 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not paying well like well so so I mean so him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank on uh okay I mean um so well okay November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started in so uh I mean so um like well an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single like okay I mean you know um um okay and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album being well so like I mean uh I mean okay the poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated uh well uh like I mean so well that it was hard to have a producer do uh so you know like like uh you know everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died okay so well uh well so uh in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award for um okay like you know well I mean um his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won the uh so um you know you know you know um National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September um you know I mean okay you know like like 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido or you know like okay like okay well uh Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and order at okay I mean uh you know like you know well any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese um I mean like uh um okay I mean and Asian markets are made by Axl in China, these okay I mean well I mean I mean like um guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her great I mean so well um I mean um like efforts in trying to promote the country she loves so much like well like okay I mean well like she was widowed 12 years ago but has managed like you know well you know well well okay to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel uh um uh um so you know well followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him you know well like okay so you know so down to a lake and they help Zachary get um uh um um you know I mean uh baptized in a lake with a worker in the Bowl okay so you know you know okay like I mean - A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in um like I mean well you know I mean you know with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at so okay like um okay like okay the same time. He among with other yogis so like so like so like okay namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, so um um you know you know I mean uh both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' um well so I mean well uh so and reappears in' where she remains generally the same as okay like I mean well well uh um in the anime as she acts as well I mean like you know like you know I mean pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for uh like so so um you know uh pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a thousands uh you know um well well you know okay of calls and write thousands of e-mails, thanks to so uh like like I mean um I mean specialist section you are able to create your own uh so like you know I mean I mean well individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an um like okay like like well so advertising executive and the head of the New York and New uh I mean I mean so okay I mean okay England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, okay well uh um um so okay eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin um you know um like uh well uh on 26 June 1950 to find ways to counter the um so uh I mean I mean I mean I mean view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as you know um I mean um okay so I mean air is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV uh I mean you know uh so like um - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon except the okay like um uh you know well so famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes hits I mean well like so uh well um from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University of I mean so well like like like you know York, after which he spent four months working for the uh I mean you know okay like uh uh 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent uh like you know um I mean you know like for a food namely a cucumber that was structural you know uh okay I mean uh like like modified vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent so well well uh well um I mean because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out well uh like well okay you know uh of the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth okay like like okay um I mean like and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and I mean you know like like you know I mean you know he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox show like okay uh so um well well New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear in About I mean I mean I mean I mean well I mean well a Boy, The Young and the Restless and uh so um um I mean so like General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean um you know like like like you know like War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her daughters to um like you know uh I mean uh you know wealthy men; whether or not any such matches will uh you know like uh like well you know give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the so uh I mean so like I mean um American Communist movement, was close to the Communist Party uh you know like well you know uh you know USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low - I mean like like okay you know I mean like reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian well so well you know you know so like - backed football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New well like so like well so okay South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in Tranemo, uh I mean um I mean well uh so Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered his wife like uh so uh like uh well and father making love; he begins displaying uh you know like so I mean uh so signs of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence okay I mean okay like like uh uh in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of I mean uh you know well okay you know well the President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 well um you know um so okay so and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density um I mean okay like like uh um function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an like I mean I mean like um well um infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder uh um you know um well okay so head and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook um well um like so um so Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی like you know I mean okay I mean like um براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly okay like uh uh I mean I mean like a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) like so you know um like I mean I mean was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, so like um you know okay okay uh and also appeared as a backing singer in the uh you know I mean okay so uh okay video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which uh um like um well okay like is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as like I mean like okay well uh you know The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, well uh so you know you know I mean you know and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan okay well so so I mean you know so county of West Yorkshire and has a population of like okay you know um I mean okay well approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be in well you know uh okay okay like well the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample of I mean I mean I mean uh I mean okay I mean Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she is okay you know well uh um well well not a very good student, except for Art, um okay um you know so so I mean in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and uh well um okay you know um I mean as their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one well um well okay so um so of front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers I mean so uh um okay um um 'Team of Legends' but lost out to Terry you know um I mean uh okay uh okay Geary (8 seasons - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not statistically significant, uh so so well you know like so though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of you know well uh well okay well okay 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for mnnit mnnit like I mean like okay like like okay requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had so I mean you know I mean you know you know I mean been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor well so um like uh so uh was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April okay like okay uh like okay I mean 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of you know uh so so I mean so so Camden, best known as the site of 'The you know uh well well I mean uh well Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' uh well um okay like okay I mean ) of western - central Michoacan State, the River okay you know so um okay I mean okay takes a course mainly towards the south, and finally okay you know I mean like I mean okay well drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; played a well well um uh you know like um key role in a political crisis that threatened to tear the I mean so okay okay like so like Liberal government and the country apart and incurred the I mean um so well uh like okay wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off - track um um you know like I mean like you know students in their education preparing them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from you know I mean okay okay uh you know I mean Howard University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's um uh so like um okay you know Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to uh like okay okay um so I mean use concrete to keep costs down, but a steel design uh okay so okay uh so you know was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the well um well um you know you know you know Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining uh I mean I mean um well well I mean northern portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her young okay you know you know like okay uh uh children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a sense of I mean like uh well well like like (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises okay I mean uh so I mean I mean uh on Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for the uh well you know um okay you know uh Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, okay you know well okay you know so you know and just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was shifted like like uh like like so uh to other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and okay like so you know um I mean so Tučė, grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas I mean you know well like like you know uh and his clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited uh I mean uh like uh I mean I mean sentencing under their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that like well well so well um like he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at the um like so uh like so uh age of forty - two; his funeral was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen okay um you know so like like I mean Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged um like like so okay you know I mean to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, and like I mean I mean okay like I mean so been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, bass player okay uh like well well um um Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in well uh so you know uh um so Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to operate the I mean I mean I mean well I mean uh you know existing Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter you know so you know I mean I mean like okay for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling like well okay I mean okay I mean uh still struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, they you know uh so well you know like um have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the like okay I mean I mean okay uh okay University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an like um so well I mean like well English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the so okay so um um um I mean hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like the you know I mean okay uh okay so you know winds of a graveyard; the second, played by I mean well okay so like um uh oboes, is slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre like I mean you know um well you know okay is located at Jindabyne, km south - west of I mean so so uh so well you know Sydney and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw greatly expanded okay uh well uh um uh well crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a so well um uh um like you know negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but well um um uh you know well so dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded in um um well like you know okay um London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published well like okay I mean I mean you know I mean no more fiction during the remaining two decades of you know you know um like so okay so his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April you know um I mean um okay um uh 10, 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business so uh like okay I mean uh okay - to - business service provider for mobile payment, uh uh um so um so well mobile content and other value - added services which it um okay so um um you know you know offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co like so okay well okay so you know. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times that so um you know so you know um well the wire was pulled through a draw plate, well so so um um well okay becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified um okay you know um like like like as Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there okay so okay you know I mean like well was enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port um okay um uh so okay well Angeles, Washington United States) is President of the and originator of like so like so I mean you know um the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could so okay I mean well you know so okay pass to obtain the Green Card which will determine you know uh you know um okay okay well if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who you know okay um you know so uh you know played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first I mean okay you know like um okay I mean - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the Draytons' dinner uh uh okay um well well uh but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political okay uh I mean so so uh well systems, with several kinds of currency in circulation, and you know so okay um uh uh okay the ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his uh you know okay uh um well well mother (Roxie) took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her um you know um like I mean well uh to care for four children and his parents decided to send like well you know you know uh so um him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other so like okay um so um okay specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne like uh like uh like well okay in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, like um um I mean uh well you know Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George well okay so well so you know I mean Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos so well you know like um okay so and, as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, uh uh like I mean you know okay well figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed you know well um I mean so I mean um as the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as I mean well like um you know you know you know a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan well you know uh uh like I mean like where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were so well so you know I mean uh you know houses or inns where horses were kept and could um well um you know like um so be rented and postriders could be hired to take travellers Collins English um so so I mean you know okay so Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she okay like so uh okay um um made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead um I mean uh like okay like uh plates written in an unknown language or constructed language and like so uh so um um uh are alleged to be a chronicle of the well like uh well uh so I mean Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from okay so well okay well like um a variety of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a uh okay I mean uh so okay okay derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high so uh well like um you know uh as 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development um you know I mean so so so uh of underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T okay so okay okay well you know like. O. M.' around 2004 -- 05, where he noted um uh you know you know okay uh well that the character was pretty strong, but that he well like uh like um I mean you know had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish I mean okay um okay so um I mean professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French okay I mean like well um you know like army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) okay uh okay um you know like okay was constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to okay uh um well uh uh so promote and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and like so I mean so um like you know to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various well okay I mean well well like I mean stories tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - um well well uh well okay well acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a so well so um okay you know okay mast step, which by its arrangement of boards allows the like um uh you know you know uh well mast to be raised and lowered, and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' you know so so well like uh uh in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah um I mean uh so so okay like Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over the uh well well okay like okay so malt - making side of the family business and um you know okay I mean I mean uh I mean in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent uh you know so uh uh so so images among the finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have um like uh so well like you know been 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo making okay like uh you know well okay you know it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under okay I mean I mean you know so so I mean the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when engaged in okay you know um so um uh so heavy fighting, a single German infantry division required up to 1, so uh like um uh I mean I mean 100 tons of supplies a day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular so uh uh uh well like uh pastime among peak baggers; another popular target is climbing like you know so so um like like all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by uh you know like well I mean like you know Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, um I mean well um like so I mean and installed at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than its okay you know so well so uh so western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is the result okay okay well well um you know like of a fault - block that is analogous to like okay uh uh like you know well a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, I mean I mean you know so uh um so which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, more you know so you know so like so you know brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence like okay um I mean uh so okay to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst um I mean you know um well you know so they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage name um so well I mean okay I mean uh D. O. , is a South Korean singer and actor best known um so well you know uh well so as a member and one of the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous so so okay you know well well um basic receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and um okay okay like so you know I mean S - Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in like you know uh I mean okay like uh Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and with like well like well uh I mean well several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is so I mean um okay you know you know I mean an American former diplomat, university administrator and politician well okay I mean I mean so I mean I mean from Ohio, he is a member of the Democratic Party well well um you know you know okay you know and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng was I mean you know uh I mean well well you know a political activist and knew little about military, their personalities and I mean so like uh okay you know like personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for okay so you know I mean uh well um having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to so I mean um like uh I mean okay the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating like uh well um okay um uh with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics I mean so so um okay um I mean - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - stroke, displacement, you know uh uh well like you know uh air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a poly um um uh so well I mean like V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2. 2: well uh well uh well like okay 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's well um you know I mean like uh uh 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai on the so uh like uh like I mean okay mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not the um okay I mean I mean um um um Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not have any you know you know well um so um okay creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was always meant I mean uh so uh okay like I mean to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink well so I mean you know so um so was a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst you know um um so like like okay its sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO okay you know okay well like uh well medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an action like so I mean I mean okay uh like of the Eighty Years 'War in which a Dutch okay well okay um so so like Republican army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which well you know you know you know you know you know you know had been loyal to the King of Spain okay uh like so uh you know I mean since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, they well I mean I mean like um you know I mean released a third CD, 'State of Control' and a full production Live okay like uh okay okay so like CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white um so so okay like I mean you know blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a uh well like uh like uh okay local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor so like uh um like so like of Auckland and was re-elected to this office in 2007, I mean so uh well um okay okay and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % so well I mean well you know I mean so since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, okay uh so you know so like so Australia and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to uh um okay um so like um date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial okay um well you know well you know well Corporation increased its assets by almost 10 times, and took the 5th well um okay so okay okay well place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- I mean so uh so uh you know I mean every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of data you know I mean I mean so uh I mean I mean -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity well like like I mean uh uh I mean on the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road where so like you know like you know well you know it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still like so so like you know so so named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French I mean I mean uh okay okay okay so mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden name you know well uh um okay like you know after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, okay okay you know I mean you know I mean well Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was able well well I mean like well I mean well to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland I mean well I mean um well I mean well and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, operating well um like uh so like well between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the like I mean um I mean uh well you know mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left their courses like um okay well like uh uh due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and so so um so like um like a new tendency is emerging as students who complete their uh so you know you know I mean you know okay GCE Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th um so so okay I mean well you know century, when the Japanese conquered it, and the well so um well okay I mean okay city was further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their well so like well like uh you know uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew like I mean like well so uh like in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to I mean um uh okay well uh like this day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by so okay well uh like okay well arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage which well like I mean okay well so you know enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which you know well okay um uh like uh ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons I mean I mean like you know okay okay so made of two quarks and two antiquark, but um uh so well I mean so like the particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos - so like you know I mean so so uh fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May well okay so uh you know like I mean 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females uh okay so I mean um you know so. Unusually large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG uh uh like uh so like like Ltd which organized world tours and booked live performances for various artists um I mean you know um well I mean uh including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than so you know um uh I mean um uh Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's like I mean so like okay well so colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British First I mean like okay you know I mean okay so Army in Tunisia and from there it fought through I mean uh so I mean I mean so okay the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is uh so okay like uh well you know a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell okay uh uh like um so you know him about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance and I mean um okay so like well like worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and um well uh like you know well so Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' so uh okay so um well so and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires miniature you know um I mean I mean I mean um you know black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a well um I mean um well um well wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters like I mean well uh uh um uh the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing well so so so I mean I mean so with her work as an actress and producer in I mean well I mean uh like so well her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 I mean okay you know um like you know like - 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was um uh like so well you know you know active in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output um I mean okay um um okay uh are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight okay uh well okay so so well division race in which they finished one game out in you know so well I mean like like well the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and um okay um you know um uh you know is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the um you know well I mean well okay um US the band decided to film a higher you know okay um okay well uh okay budget video: the American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and so well uh okay uh well so Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on a um uh okay you know so so well rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they well uh you know well um well well set up their establishment of the federation in Beijing so uh so so I mean so you know as the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist well I mean I mean well like like uh religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in support uh well so well okay I mean so of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the SHAEF okay so well you know like so uh deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan uh um okay well I mean well you know before his death, his family was in great um like um um well I mean I mean danger and therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, okay so so like so like uh so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to uh you know I mean I mean like well um pursue greater opportunity as a main cast member on 'Traffic okay so like um you know okay well Light' along with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition and you know I mean so like um like so exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to you know like like like okay so like 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian like um you know like you know I mean well actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy uh like I mean okay uh uh okay was permitted to remain open as an well so well um um so I mean independent training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' um well like okay like you know okay or 'usus': in the latter, a woman could okay uh I mean so you know you know you know avoid her husband's legal control simply by being absent from okay okay like you know um I mean you know their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the you know uh you know um um well so night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and well okay okay like you know um uh Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played um you know like you know uh you know uh in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level uh okay you know you know uh uh you know for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body uh so okay like so uh so was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to take you know okay well you know I mean uh okay Azmaria as far away as they can, but well um I mean well so okay you know before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into you know I mean you know like um okay well stone and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university you know uh I mean uh okay you know well but has now left (though it retained some okay well uh well I mean like you know ties) having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted okay okay okay like you know um uh and if they object the child (unless they are um I mean like well you know um uh over 16 years old) can not be accommodated under Section so I mean so uh I mean you know so 20 of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is like you know I mean uh you know uh well the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, so um uh uh well you know uh quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence during well uh like um I mean um okay her birth and has been treated for the condition I mean so well so you know well you know at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team like I mean um you know you know okay I mean Los Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third um so so so so um uh episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los okay uh so um okay like uh Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA um okay so so okay I mean okay Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - provoking, I mean okay so like okay um I mean edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London I mean you know I mean uh um you know like is often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair uh okay uh well like I mean uh of Electrical Engineering and is also a um well um okay well well so Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university well like I mean uh you know uh I mean - based, amateur handball club registered in the England um I mean you know um well so okay Handball Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, and um like um uh well um like is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor best like so so uh so so so known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls like like so I mean like uh well on HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the okay okay like I mean okay like well whole Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and so um so okay like you know well to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, 1965) you know I mean okay you know well you know okay was born near McComb and attended the University like like I mean like um um uh of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music um I mean I mean you know like um okay singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a career okay so like I mean I mean okay like on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary character roles I mean you know you know okay okay I mean so as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration which I mean so okay uh well so well only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a well so like uh like well I mean few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he like you know well I mean I mean um well was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the well so I mean uh okay I mean so USA to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District okay I mean like so okay okay like near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, I mean um well uh you know like okay 000 students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C well well you know um uh like I mean. Calhoun Mansion and Library, was originally built as a like like I mean you know uh okay um four room house about 1803 and was called Clergy you know uh so okay well I mean you know Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town uh like well okay okay uh uh Council while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the like I mean um uh you know um okay city announced that it had bought the Threefoot Building you know okay okay well um okay like from a private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the first time okay okay so well well okay uh due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a 4 like like I mean well so okay like -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the official so like uh I mean uh um you know religion as a way for people to seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in I mean um you know like I mean okay um a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which well like um like uh um okay was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; you know uh so I mean you know so okay guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an like well well I mean well okay well American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers okay um uh like well like okay who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is I mean I mean like um well you know so exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located 20 like you know so like uh uh uh km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly I mean uh so okay like so um & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and was well so okay um I mean so I mean the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired uh um like so like okay well to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 uh well okay you know okay uh so ) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of um uh I mean okay you know like I mean the Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw at so uh well you know I mean okay I mean home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored the team's so like um I mean well you know I mean equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh um I mean so I mean well well um was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th you know well like you know um uh so Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, like you know so well okay like so 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a summer you know um okay you know um like so league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and well okay um so uh well like he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide okay you know you know like you know so okay margins in single - candidate votes, although well okay I mean I mean um um okay there is room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly okay um I mean um well um like led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the so you know uh well okay okay you know Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became um you know um well so well okay a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 season, okay okay you know you know I mean well like and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of um like okay you know um so like Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm the I mean um I mean okay uh you know um world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where well so uh uh so like you know dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' well uh um um well so well carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party like you know I mean um so so well of employees and their families travelled by steamer uh you know okay um um I mean okay to Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton Bay, and then, with I mean like like I mean like so you know livestock and supplies, set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical like uh so like um um like styles, many of the later conceived artists in the 80's and so you know well um like so you know 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration you know so well well like like you know outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent so well well like um um okay on the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but the government well so I mean um well uh you know refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to put like uh um well well well so to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories, where well so you know you know okay so uh the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory like okay um so uh um so - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime okay uh so like like uh I mean film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går Large' so okay like I mean well you know I mean and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the you know okay well you know you know okay I mean 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his you know um you know you know well um you know travels, which describes the interior with an accuracy no okay so I mean like you know um um subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in like well well well well like well test scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as well I mean well well you know you know well one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series you know um um well uh well uh race held on the road course at Indianapolis, from like well okay um um okay like 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main antagonist, okay well okay okay I mean um I mean ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though in uh I mean um well uh um well the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in so well uh okay I mean like um Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the okay you know uh okay I mean uh uh only leftist youth organization in the whole area of well like like um I mean um I mean the Persian Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social okay I mean I mean I mean like you know you know oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, like so you know uh you know uh um and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based uh well uh like uh I mean I mean on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South um well um um okay uh I mean Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking well um uh uh so uh I mean became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown like um so like well you know so which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of so you know you know well I mean well um the tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish okay okay um like um you know okay Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend well I mean uh I mean uh you know okay John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's I mean uh I mean so um like you know Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had I mean like like I mean um well um stated Cerofisi was 'one of the toughest men I mean like well well um okay I mean in the world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 okay I mean you know you know um uh so homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a uh uh so um you know you know okay reverse auction, as back loads and part loads often okay I mean you know I mean um I mean like require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off you know like well um I mean uh so - road vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened um uh so I mean well I mean I mean fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, like well well so like like like 500 people marched through west Belfast; during the so okay I mean okay uh like you know first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with you know okay um you know well uh well the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot well well um well I mean you know okay Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band so you know well I mean well so okay recorded an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores okay okay okay you know uh like like are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the um you know uh so you know uh you know Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers uh like you know well um uh um an area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed I mean uh you know like so I mean so except for 'Audience No. 2', the first single released on um okay well um uh I mean well May 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track okay so um well I mean uh like 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a so okay so so you know well um visionary and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and uh like so like uh like like Kudiyattam outside the temples to the common people, so um okay uh you know you know uh who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama you know you know like so so like um based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his I mean okay um uh like you know well participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: well um okay uh well I mean well before Corll vacated the address on June 26, Henley okay uh I mean so okay okay I mean assisted Corll and Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from I mean okay like I mean uh well you know the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and from uh uh so well well okay like 1990 to 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' so um uh like okay um uh Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they are so well well you know so uh like heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining water um you know um okay so well I mean in the plant and occur on the leaves uh okay I mean uh uh you know uh of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra so so okay I mean you know you know I mean and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County well so so I mean I mean um like Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and uh so well you know like I mean like audiences, is the best - reviewed film in the well like so like okay you know well 'X-Men' series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back uh like okay uh uh okay so to several earlier blues songs and it has been well like like I mean okay you know okay suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the uh like you know I mean uh um I mean 15th Montgomery County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their I mean um um so okay so well 2nd outdoor game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the uh I mean so so okay like like General Robert E. Lee and it bears a you know uh like well like like like Confederate flag on its roof, and also has a horn okay uh like like okay so I mean which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the like like so I mean so you know you know events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the 'Raccoon's um I mean you know well so okay well Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 made um uh okay well like like okay a return to International Handball with four appearances for Australia well um well you know so like you know at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last name I mean you know like so uh you know I mean Bartlett (2009) and the town has a pub, a general uh okay uh uh well like like store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in 1996 well you know um uh um uh I mean to Moore's former seat and still serves in the like I mean okay okay I mean okay okay chamber, called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics uh so okay like you know like you know who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after uh uh I mean so like uh um the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has I mean I mean um I mean like I mean I mean increased to around 2, 000 individuals, with a uh I mean okay like I mean uh you know majority of the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with okay uh you know uh so uh um their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet well like you know okay I mean well you know officials that same day, who asked if he wanted to well like um like so so you know return to the United States; he insisted to them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US set, okay uh uh uh so well like This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve like I mean um okay I mean like I mean the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues scene um uh uh you know like you know so in London, then traveled on to Sweden as a you know well uh like okay uh like solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology um like you know so well so okay in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing with Children uh well um like so um um of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the Marshals) you know so you know I mean you know you know you know of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third you know you know so um um you know so husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th you know you know so um well like I mean U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of okay I mean well I mean like well you know excluding the pledge; quoted members said they found the you know okay okay I mean um so okay 'under God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season like so like okay I mean well um making a total of seven appearances in his like well okay um like well okay first season as a professional, making his debut as well so so I mean so like so a substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of um well like so um well so about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General well well so um like okay uh Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ uh so like so so uh you know 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and David you know you know like I mean um okay uh King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the brothers wanted you know okay well well well so like a software that would let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light for anoxygenic photosynthesis I mean you know I mean like I mean okay okay where half of the amount of geothermal heat is I mean well I mean okay like um like caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September so I mean uh uh um okay uh 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition well like okay okay so well so Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part of well um um you know okay I mean well the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the like uh like uh okay like I mean center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which I mean well I mean uh well okay I mean attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from the you know well well uh like okay I mean Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing like so well um you know like well 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, I mean um I mean like um like well attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played well like so so like well I mean three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association I mean uh I mean okay like um like of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate um okay um okay well well well the three ships were forced to stop in like so um well okay so um Los Angeles for repair and on 13 April General MacArthur okay like uh uh so um you know reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait well okay I mean well well um um to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later well uh um okay well like so released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane uh okay so well I mean I mean you know remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am um uh so uh um okay uh quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the like so I mean okay I mean um um purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 okay you know like you know um okay I mean million in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug uh I mean you know uh I mean um I mean Store chain; in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who was you know I mean okay well like you know you know sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John um okay you know I mean like well well M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket I mean okay um like so um I mean for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales in uh well okay you know uh um so the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers okay you know I mean like well well well positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner uh you know you know uh I mean uh um and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, okay um um uh I mean like well have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck so you know you know like um well so for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart with Dolly, um you know uh uh like well like and acknowledges that her ex is now with a woman fifteen uh so okay like uh so okay years younger than her with a baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 I mean you know um well um okay I mean -- 1840), entered the employment of the king I mean I mean um like you know uh well of Sweden as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American film so so so um so I mean you know and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic language like okay you know uh I mean you know you know song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer Sabah so you know like so you know I mean um lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in the projected um like so okay well you know so revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the previous estimate of $ 16 um um so so like I mean um million, down to $ 1. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November 1886) was like okay so okay okay uh like the first African - American to graduate from Harvard Law School you know like okay so uh um you know in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and butcher him uh I mean well you know uh you know like for stew meat, telling the rest of the family that you know so I mean like like uh um they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school did um well well okay I mean I mean like not have a large budget and coach Erk Russell um uh you know okay like I mean like ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at Oxford University um so so so I mean so I mean in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from you know you know um well I mean you know so his daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos so I mean okay you know you know you know you know was represented by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) so um I mean you know uh so you know playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short I mean um like well um okay uh - listed for the top job but applied after so uh like so I mean well so he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the uh um like I mean I mean um um Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by I mean okay I mean well uh like you know Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian authorities so okay uh uh you know well well in Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped 150 like okay I mean well you know okay um kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, a crime like I mean uh like okay uh you know which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by you know like so okay you know well I mean the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and okay um I mean so um I mean I mean data products for a 25 - year - plus um okay you know okay well um so time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a okay well so you know okay I mean uh restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first okay like you know like so you know well one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed uh you know like um like well like work for a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the uh um I mean so um so I mean southern states and then Cash began to tour with Elvis Presley like um I mean uh so um you know (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it okay uh okay you know you know well okay may be effectively required in order to work, which like you know so you know uh well okay is why some people use the term common like well I mean like I mean um like - interest association to describe groups which form like okay like uh like so like out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, um okay like uh well you know I mean 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist so like I mean I mean uh well um studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November 2010 so you know uh well uh okay well which outlined many new developments, including the impact of well um okay well like you know so 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' um well I mean you know I mean uh um ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between uh um well like so I mean okay those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon you know you know okay I mean okay you know uh Diamond' or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player um like uh like you know uh so has gained access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that like I mean okay you know um so so the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to well okay well uh so you know you know the influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was um um so so I mean okay I mean a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left you know like you know okay so like you know their imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 um I mean uh so okay uh uh after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some 40 uh okay so I mean uh okay so km to the NW) on his way into I mean well okay I mean okay you know I mean France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team okay so so I mean you know so uh with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, I mean okay I mean I mean you know so um and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract um like well well you know so um such as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks so you know like okay you know you know um of Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her so like um well so uh um local homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one I mean okay so so like like um year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters um uh I mean so I mean you know I mean at the end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the uh um so so okay I mean well 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola um okay well I mean I mean uh I mean was divided into three administrative districts, given by the I mean well okay I mean like okay uh scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse I mean um so okay I mean okay uh arrives to give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses you know okay okay well uh I mean like him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would suffer you know I mean uh I mean okay uh like were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers um like um you know okay you know well got off to a strong start winning their first four well like uh uh um I mean well games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the water, like you know well uh um I mean like bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having so uh so okay okay well so sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth of the um so like like like so um West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in okay so I mean um uh okay so Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers of workforce so so okay you know uh um like training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in a you know um I mean uh uh um like four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - okay uh you know um like okay well Japanese War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the okay I mean okay um so okay like salterns in North China and soon more than like like you know so um well uh half the salt revenue was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland like so um well uh like like Athletics in 1989 to win the World Series after well so like you know um I mean you know losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress um so I mean so so okay like worker in the early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks like you know well uh well so so of the total Basic Training period, and well well you know I mean um I mean like is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, um like so I mean um uh well although the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the I mean so uh okay like um like power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit okay so okay um I mean well okay of the plant being used: in all cases, they I mean um so uh you know well uh must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the okay like uh so well I mean I mean protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action um so I mean well so like I mean and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of you know um so okay uh I mean well Westminster politics when he lost office in 1992, as uh okay so you know um okay you know the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally uh well well so so you know so referred to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before the so I mean like okay you know like well punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians okay uh I mean well uh uh so never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' so so okay uh I mean okay you know and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in okay um you know well like okay okay the U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, um you know you know like um so okay the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems uh so uh like okay well well and painting, and the abstracts spun a variety okay uh so well so well so of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight underfloor well okay uh like you know so so - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors between you know um well um um um okay 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he uh um okay I mean so like you know was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions I mean so um like okay so um for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the so I mean like I mean you know you know okay two years of emergency but the discontent lead to a you know um um um like like so wave in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and uh well so well so well I mean most likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) you know okay you know okay um well so term that has fallen out of favour with academics, um okay um you know um so okay and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights so um uh so okay like like advocate, scholar in the field of critical race theory, and well I mean like okay um so I mean a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English so you know you know I mean uh so uh journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management I mean so uh so I mean I mean like had destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence before the police I mean you know um I mean uh you know I mean arrived and they alleged that fellow students were asked uh I mean okay well I mean uh you know to wash spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a like I mean like like um well you know well known South African brand of rusks - a um I mean uh uh like okay well traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver O. Howard so like like well like uh uh threatened to attack if the Indians did not relocate to an well so I mean I mean like you know like Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function okay okay I mean um like I mean I mean of all the forces acting on the plate; you know uh so I mean so uh uh however, therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played well so um um so uh you know in the 1950s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s so well you know okay um okay like from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and cut off I mean okay okay you know like uh so the column of armoured cars in the valley; over I mean you know I mean well like you know uh 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey well so like so well um so departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to okay okay you know I mean well well like cloak Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and well um so well I mean um um inferior by the Nazis, the Nazis feared the um so uh okay so well uh fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men I mean okay well um well you know uh in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll in well you know so well okay okay I mean the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, uh well so okay um uh like 1974) was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat like you know like like okay you know uh King served as the first United States Representative from California's you know well I mean um well like you know 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus Station, so um well okay well like so a transport congestion started forming in the station, and as I mean so you know okay like uh okay a result bus stations started spreading towards the surrounding streets you know like so um I mean I mean uh of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects so um well you know um um so with the local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 a okay um uh uh so okay you know village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first in you know I mean uh so okay I mean like Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House like well I mean so like like uh of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in uh I mean well okay uh like okay British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly innovating uh like okay you know I mean I mean um the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, well you know um like like um um and the second time he told him that okay you know okay I mean you know okay you know he had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on so well okay you know uh so I mean the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja buses like um uh so like so well and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which is you know well I mean um okay you know you know the longest bus rapid transit system in the world, okay I mean so well you know so okay boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a okay um well uh well okay like deep interest in social justice and a gifted linguist from um well I mean okay um you know okay an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, like I mean you know you know okay I mean I mean and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is I mean okay I mean okay okay like uh largely localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the so okay well you know like you know well flagellar pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 so well well uh well you know so using a coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes uh you know um uh uh um well County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba well you know uh you know you know well I mean principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from so um you know uh you know um I mean a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County uh you know um like you know um uh was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end um okay like um I mean like um of 25 June and the 49th Division continued the attack southwards uh you know so okay so uh okay until 1 July, when the division saw off okay uh I mean well um um um a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported uh so you know okay like um like hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only okay like well like um I mean I mean child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining I mean I mean so um um um so up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, well um I mean well uh um uh running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists um like uh like you know well I mean such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 book Chronology you know uh okay uh um you know uh of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of uh um you know like so like like Jean Pierre Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his like okay okay well you know okay well grandfather Louis Antoine Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har so okay so I mean I mean okay um dresser of the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious okay you know well you know like you know um and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this um um uh so well um um world is children, and, caring for his children's welfare, so uh um so well um like permits Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of so okay um um um so uh Tollywood, he is one of the most popular and so okay like okay okay um uh influential actors of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero well um you know well so you know um Award for the prom as well as the Bob uh well like um you know well you know Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for his like well well okay well I mean you know work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award well well so well well uh okay in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping like uh uh um okay I mean um Logan into molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, used pigeon Island you know so so um okay uh okay as his base, he forged an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is I mean you know okay I mean so well well a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her okay um okay uh you know uh okay daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( so well you know well you know well you know Kanani and Keli'i ) all four who help run the so um so uh you know well um center. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy losses so okay you know um I mean you know uh due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually I mean like I mean uh I mean well okay fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into okay like like like uh like um the incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages um you know okay so um I mean you know of the two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's okay like so like like I mean uh porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over um um okay uh um you know okay two decades, and Henry was subject to long so um so you know so so like imprisonment by Hugh; but after Henry's son okay well okay like um you know so married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, you know okay uh like uh well so 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh okay well uh like um you know I mean season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps well well okay uh okay so okay a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in so you know you know like so uh I mean itself does not prove that Bess was in service at so you know okay uh uh okay um Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of so uh um you know so you know you know her parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an well you know so I mean so I mean well American high school basketball player, and in 2015 okay okay I mean you know um you know so was featured as one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be uh uh okay so like uh um given as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches so um I mean so okay so like 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield well okay so okay um so I mean built to service the Horizon Oil Sands project of you know I mean you know um um well you know Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal reconstruction you know I mean um I mean I mean well so to a design by Architect George Coles; almost all the you know well well um like um uh original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 you know you know like like so you know uh February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, well I mean like well well so I mean and large reggae festivals occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and okay okay you know um like okay like local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to uh like uh I mean I mean okay uh the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the final um uh uh you know like like like & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the so well like like I mean I mean um king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did not uh so you know so you know uh so ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great well um I mean so well I mean okay scientists and researchers that Crowley worked with over okay well so um I mean well um the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a cat okay you know okay so you know so so mask, which is the only part of her visible uh well I mean I mean I mean I mean um when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and uh so like so so I mean well are highly efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall um well okay I mean uh um um in love with each other again and after an um um I mean you know uh um so argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to um okay so uh like um well have files occupy a multiple of sectors regardless so so uh you know I mean like okay of the file's actual size files that I mean I mean like I mean okay um okay do not fill a whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was um I mean so um uh um well a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that the you know so so like uh okay okay artisans say is chemically unique but at current rates I mean um like uh um like well of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there you know okay okay you know so I mean you know is also an overall champion titled the All - like uh I mean I mean okay you know um Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the well you know well okay okay well like Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - uh like so uh okay uh like Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, um um I mean I mean um like well was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the okay so uh I mean uh okay like Hatfield warehouse during 1988, the US Lone I mean I mean well like uh you know you know Star expert Dallas. J. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech okay uh um you know well you know um football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical well so so like uh so like Strait of Anián and the Island of California, which um well uh I mean uh uh well according to a previously published romance novel in Spain, was uh you know uh like well like uh supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the like okay like I mean okay so like oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser (born uh you know you know well okay like um 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician best I mean you know um um so uh you know known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team you know you know okay so like so um based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good reviews uh like well so uh well well on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has earned distinctive well like I mean okay okay well um spots on various site charts like mp3. Com, gained you know I mean uh you know uh uh you know a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian well you know you know uh I mean you know so Maya society can be inferred only from their like well um I mean okay you know I mean elaborate burial sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became its um like well you know okay like you know first honorary president and, upon his death, was so like um you know um so I mean succeeded by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of um I mean so uh um you know you know Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is uh like um like okay okay well an American rock musician from Detroit that is most popular okay so I mean you know like uh so for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of the E so um so you know I mean uh okay class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, and in um so you know I mean um uh um the same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard um well I mean like um you know I mean to see if Fanny's hat was there, but I mean well um uh I mean so well the door closed behind her and she found herself back so well uh I mean okay um well in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a you know well I mean like well you know well PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with well uh like um well well you know Tulasnellaceae, while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 uh um um okay uh so I mean -- 24 November 1857) was a British general who is so well okay well I mean I mean I mean particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart you know I mean um uh okay uh you know for one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole tour in Australia will uh so well uh so uh okay approximately earn $ 56 million, though, with the addition of extra um so um I mean okay you know um dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and okay I mean okay I mean okay like you know in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was okay so um okay so okay well signed into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that well um uh well um um well was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located like well you know um you know uh like in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward with uh I mean okay like um you know you know a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's I mean um I mean um like so uh dialogue so that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted um so uh um um uh so by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was I mean um um so okay okay I mean created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London uh you know you know like so okay well and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status well well okay like you know uh well Quo, which was released as a single in well well you know you know um you know like 1972 (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay I mean um well okay you know so okay Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, I mean okay uh well like you know I mean 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, I mean so uh I mean I mean um well Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of I mean like like like you know uh I mean species selection is S. J. Gould who has um you know I mean well I mean well um proposed the view that there exist macroevolutionary processes which okay you know I mean like so uh um shape evolution beyond the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two like I mean um uh well okay you know years Thrace was in the hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at like I mean so well uh uh like the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he um you know like so well okay okay and his wife had agreed to an amicable separation you know you know so uh okay so like and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of uh so so okay I mean like so the archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of I mean you know I mean I mean well I mean okay the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case okay uh so so like so uh of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the well uh like so okay like well decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is within uh so uh uh like well I mean a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which so like well like I mean well so a sample was taken from a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of well so um so uh like well AlPO 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities I mean you know um you know okay like well and the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one uh so I mean like uh um like by one; the two older ran off, you know well okay okay like you know like but the youngest set out, having asked for food, I mean uh well you know so I mean so and when the troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d uh like so okay like you know okay. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' so okay I mean uh um okay so and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a like okay so okay um you know uh mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, well I mean you know like you know I mean okay portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon uh I mean okay okay well like uh from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The well I mean I mean um well so I mean season introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style I mean uh okay okay so um you know and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in like okay so you know okay uh okay 1894 the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible so well I mean I mean I mean you know well to the British public; only four years later, Britain like you know you know I mean I mean well I mean and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 uh well okay like well you know you know is in the process of developing a 10 acre I mean I mean so so like like like wetland site having already installed stone paths at a cost uh so um um uh um like of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in so like so well I mean well I mean 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, he um okay uh like so so like is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, I mean um like okay uh uh uh a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award - like I mean you know I mean like you know uh winning filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 you know um I mean so um uh okay professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north um so like well okay um okay of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar is you know like well um um uh uh villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat um um you know um uh I mean well for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; so you know okay you know so well well the villa was named after an elm planted in well like like well um you know like the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company like okay like uh you know I mean um founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese well so um uh like like so toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor uh like so well okay you know like / DJ and is the only child of a French you know uh uh I mean you know I mean uh mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games I mean okay uh um so you know okay and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the lead um I mean well um well okay so character is not am ambitious feminist but is a like like I mean uh well I mean um woman based in the home but a sensitive woman well like so okay I mean so okay who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the space um uh so I mean I mean so like but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld attempted um well um so like well like to pull him back to congratulate him after um you know okay like like you know you know their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church like you know you know I mean like you know like tradition and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the well um um so like like I mean restoration of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against um like so uh okay okay um the Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the so I mean um okay okay okay so east, and negotiations of peace had just begun uh so um okay uh okay um with the Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater I mean um okay well so you know um Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong emphasis like okay okay well well you know you know on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer a um well um okay um okay um part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to a heart okay so okay okay okay uh well illness and can only be deciphered to be athlete's heart I mean okay okay uh okay like okay through careful examination by a health care practioner which will you know well okay uh I mean I mean you know commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be um well well you know like um so locked in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and well you know well you know uh well so bolt if readily removed) stored either in a separate you know you know like I mean well okay you know safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' uh like I mean so you know so I mean and parallels a look at King David's life okay uh well you know um okay well with his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP and you know uh well uh um okay so Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent and um um um well so okay uh Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into uh I mean okay like well okay like local government in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a I mean um I mean I mean like well I mean kennel is a small shed, often built in the you know you know I mean you know okay so I mean shape of a little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing okay well you know you know like um like further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect the well you know okay well okay I mean so current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the you know so well well well um okay 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 with so like okay okay I mean um so 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in you know I mean um like well like well Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to I mean well I mean uh I mean well well the island and as of 2004, the State of okay okay you know um so like like Florida was offering a site in the Island well uh you know I mean well I mean you know Gardens project on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national like okay okay you know you know you know um - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field like well um so uh well well. The 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting well uh well you know I mean like well Star and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho so like like um uh okay okay in the opening round but their domestic campaign ended um so I mean like I mean okay so with a 5th place finish and therefore the team missed uh well like um okay you know I mean out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the okay okay uh well okay okay you know only food he has is coconuts, but he wants I mean like okay uh I mean so uh to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes like well okay well so like well the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is so I mean so okay um okay like an attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not a um okay like like okay well you know crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as so so you know you know I mean okay I mean far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before um you know like like well okay okay moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a you know you know you know uh like okay like Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, I mean um you know like so you know you know the first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a you know so you know okay uh uh okay major probe into utility companies funding opposition to the Wheeler so I mean I mean so so you know you know - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University uh you know um I mean um I mean like of Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the uh um like so well um so École Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the uh I mean um okay I mean I mean well 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm you know uh okay uh um well uh II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni you know um um okay um I mean like scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off her I mean you know I mean okay like well okay feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the like okay uh like like you know uh Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and as an Instructional well like so you know okay you know so Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars okay like well I mean uh well well appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 James okay well well like I mean um well Bond film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August 1929) was I mean um I mean um um okay I mean a career solider who commanded the First Battalion of the okay so uh well okay I mean so King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series until uh well I mean you know well you know uh she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese uh so you know like like so so film which takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in okay uh um like like uh like Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the um I mean uh uh uh I mean um 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven you know well I mean I mean so so you know - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and uh I mean well okay like like well therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, so you know I mean so uh I mean okay Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā I mean like like I mean like so you know d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions okay so um I mean like you know okay of the Church of the East, one of the like you know well so you know like I mean oldest Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of you know well so well um so I mean the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to um okay well okay okay okay um Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing Dynasty you know uh um you know um uh you know when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the First Sino uh I mean well like so uh um - Japanese War to made China discontinue the influence on uh uh um um um you know like Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the uh um so like I mean um you know 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or like so okay um I mean okay so Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 well well okay you know so I mean so performances and won five Tony Awards, and the musical has uh like well you know I mean so uh been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the you know okay I mean so um like um state of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the um uh you know I mean I mean um um banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek well you know well uh so well I mean (VHO) and after his release from prison he was well uh so well I mean you know you know from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, when so you know I mean you know you know I mean so King Richard I of England captured it on his um you know okay I mean well you know uh way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are so so um well so you know uh attacked by the Air Force, however, they manage so you know like like um I mean uh to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame Ministries' I mean uh so so uh well so CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of the organization uh um uh like like uh I mean involved in production of audio - visual presentations and merchandizing of so um uh well you know I mean um products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, by Roman okay so um I mean so so uh Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to like uh I mean so you know I mean uh cadmium was high, but as the toxic effects of well well well okay I mean I mean so cadmium became apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced so well like um you know um you know in most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, like um well okay like um okay which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is the home um um you know well um I mean uh to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call so I mean um I mean I mean you know like Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although uh you know so so um well like there is a dress code, however in like I mean okay so well like like 2006 'Smart Fridays' were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a you know so I mean like so like well Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding well okay well like uh I mean you know Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed well so okay uh uh well I mean and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number okay I mean um well okay you know you know of boat houses marked on old maps, including two like uh like um um like so on the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, I mean well okay okay um um like one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional engine and I mean so okay uh uh I mean I mean propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; the um uh like okay um so I mean rolled seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently like so well well I mean um you know unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used so um uh well uh um so for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is so okay so okay I mean you know you know to use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light okay um um well so like so bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a so I mean um you know you know I mean you know free agent with the New York Rangers on July 13, you know like so uh um uh I mean 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews okay um okay like I mean I mean you know declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened uh I mean um uh you know I mean so in 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also uh okay um like I mean well uh referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony I mean okay like so you know like well as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might um you know uh okay okay I mean okay reduce vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three I mean like you know well so um uh further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit okay um like I mean like well uh of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for so okay uh I mean like like um Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this like like like uh uh I mean you know crucial pass, Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana like you know okay I mean okay um um (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- well okay okay um uh like so placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a like so so uh well like I mean large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group formed I mean well you know so like um well in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and like so like you know like well you know Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence um I mean uh um I mean well well of the city just prior to the Second Boer War, I mean well so I mean so you know like though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as well okay um uh okay I mean um Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 well well like uh well I mean okay November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in um well you know uh well you know um the Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that I mean you know you know like uh you know okay Luke is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; um I mean like so well well okay it simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C uh well I mean I mean I mean I mean well are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, okay I mean so um you know well uh but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the you know like um uh you know like I mean University of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he so you know I mean uh I mean okay like gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, all well well uh well uh okay so to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from um like like I mean like um so the album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division I um like well like you know so you know. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on July uh uh like um uh you know like 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship and like okay uh uh um okay okay in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church he married um um um um you know I mean uh Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers uh I mean okay I mean I mean uh okay as aliens, men with whom we share a city, but not I mean okay you know uh so so uh a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to like um okay um well so you know have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah I mean um so I mean you know um I mean and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least uh um well you know uh uh okay 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, okay um well um okay like I mean a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land okay so um I mean uh uh I mean on the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented um you know um I mean you know I mean um in court to dispute the theory and in the so okay okay okay so so okay special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of Chicago in uh you know so you know uh so well 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, uh uh so I mean uh like like considering that he had a young family to care for; you know I mean well like you know you know so but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also well okay um I mean like well um took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and cited like I mean I mean so like um I mean a range of sources supporting the doctrine of the Real Presence, uh so well so so I mean uh such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death sentence, you know uh okay uh like uh I mean which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering that the uh so well um uh well you know demons are herbivores and eat half their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music well okay uh you know um so well that is performed in an operatic style, or a song, so um you know you know um um so theme or motif from classical music stylized as pop. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body I mean okay okay I mean well I mean well cavities where they are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German I mean you know uh so um so um colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile okay uh uh well well well I mean messaging application for businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a British well um okay you know I mean you know so Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open Data okay I mean like like um I mean um Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February I mean I mean like I mean well okay uh 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada so like well um like um well turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight uh so okay okay you know uh uh months earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce you know like so okay okay like you know Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination by association okay I mean well you know um so well can also take a case even if they do not um like so uh okay uh okay fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting well you know I mean okay well you know so or prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of I mean um I mean well so I mean well injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the well well so well um okay um retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up like so like okay okay like uh with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that well so um I mean uh well okay she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie okay well you know um um so um in the franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, had uh well like you know like um so served two terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well um like um I mean like you know well - known station in the area from 1925 well so okay I mean um I mean okay until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused like you know uh so so so um irreversible changes in two small areas of the rat brain, which, I mean so you know um like I mean well however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability of phylloquinone, okay okay like so I mean like I mean however, fat added to it increases bioavailability to 13 % so uh okay uh so uh um due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which are you know um okay I mean like like uh permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as I mean um okay okay well I mean so one of the most famous carp lakes in the so well so I mean um I mean uh country, whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles you know uh so uh um well like galleries and has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey and you know so okay like well like um is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known as um uh I mean I mean you know okay um 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of blue I mean um I mean um well like I mean color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, well uh uh like like you know uh and three missing person reports in the state since like okay so so okay um I mean 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda like okay uh I mean well so I mean Gregg to whom he was married for six years, okay okay like you know I mean so well and was also married to Michiko Nogami (a language okay um okay like um I mean I mean instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of Fallot okay you know so you know so well like (TOF), that will require him to undergo at least three I mean well so well you know okay um open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' you know uh you know so like you know okay and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November you know um well like I mean well I mean 1979 ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos I mean well um I mean um like I mean wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the reason um well you know so I mean I mean well behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections um okay okay you know well you know you know of Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of well you know you know okay I mean okay so St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, I mean I mean so so I mean well okay 2009) was the principal figure of the Serbian thrash I mean uh well like well well you know metal scene, mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic I mean I mean um okay I mean well uh awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely well you know you know uh so I mean I mean exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving uh um um okay so um well is a legal term for a particular type of moving okay uh well okay okay like you know traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss entrepreneur like okay like I mean uh well like Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, performance, and later okay so uh well like well okay on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class S okay you know uh so like okay well State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently in the uh okay so uh okay you know okay past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by okay I mean like I mean um I mean you know Khulusi were: the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, well you know like okay like I mean okay 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of 58 well like so well I mean um well lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, well well um like okay like okay Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor okay um I mean okay so you know so the power of the 76 mm main gun of a like you know so well well you know so KV - 1, and the narrower track width of the so like uh so well I mean okay German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws like like you know okay like uh um than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic like um uh you know okay I mean well changes seen during fasting, which had been shown um so like I mean you know I mean like to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 well uh I mean okay I mean I mean I mean -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field marshal well okay well okay well I mean I mean who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end you know you know um um okay so you know results, such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or so like you know so like okay okay litigation reason, those with experience in the field make detailed you know like well so you know uh so plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B okay okay I mean okay um you know like (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American you know I mean so well like okay so author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early October you know I mean so I mean so uh well and peace between Poland and Sweden could be established in November I mean well uh you know like so so 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, okay um okay so I mean uh okay he keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's I mean uh so um okay you know um murder to himself lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in um you know you know um like well I mean return for his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the so like like um you know um okay nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at well okay like so I mean I mean um Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 so uh like um you know okay so and a Ph. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology um uh like uh you know okay you know in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more uh you know so I mean um well like recently there has been a push towards other you know so well like uh okay okay types of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had I mean well um I mean okay so like 42 players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the uh uh you know like you know okay like women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in well like um I mean um um uh London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis (assuming so um um like you know uh um no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get involved, okay well like uh you know um so explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the 15th uh okay uh uh um okay um (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down the 159th so you know um you know okay okay you know Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Wigger um I mean well I mean okay uh I mean as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm Never Giving uh uh you know um uh okay so it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year so you know I mean like like I mean you know - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent well okay so uh uh I mean I mean secondary questioning, but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out well like so I mean uh I mean uh With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a 3 um uh um uh um like well. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA uh uh I mean well I mean so like in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the so um um okay like so like same words into the phone, which convinces Shang to uh you know you know um so so so call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the you know okay um you know uh so like two sides; if the guest had received an 'empty door,' you know okay like you know well I mean um a taped response from the second person was aired, so I mean you know okay okay so um in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in okay like I mean okay okay so um the uterus can cause entanglement with the so okay I mean I mean like well okay cord. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled to um you know I mean I mean well you know uh Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção I mean okay you know um well you know like or Youth for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV um so you know like um um I mean transmission among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change like so like I mean like I mean you know in young men by developing their ability to so well um uh like well so identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they you know you know um um um you know I mean were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - uh okay so okay you know uh like up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos um so you know you know you know well uh and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical well like um so you know like okay pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very so I mean well okay uh um okay low skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents like so so um uh I mean well were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, okay um you know okay uh you know like but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been with you know so you know you know uh like so the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments so I mean uh okay okay okay like in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the I mean um like like um I mean okay 12th century, there were opportunities for female education in the I mean um okay so I mean like well medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and okay uh uh I mean well okay okay resumned his practice; he was active in organizing the so you know well you know so I mean uh Republican Party in the state, and was um um you know so you know well so appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break of uh well you know well you know you know well 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role um I mean like okay okay well you know as a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV okay um uh so so uh like then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then you know I mean um I mean okay I mean so moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon without so I mean like like so you know I mean T - mat, those responsible for the system um uh like um you know um okay turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from so um um you know uh okay I mean 2009 to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed I mean like like okay you know um I mean of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 um like I mean um um um so colonial troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is like uh like you know so uh like a part of Palm Beach County School District, and the uh okay so you know um you know um other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) okay uh uh so you know you know I mean and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , you know okay you know like so um so 936 F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract I mean uh okay I mean so I mean you know case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing them so so well so um I mean uh to continue running in Abe's direction and they will only um uh um well uh I mean I mean calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of okay well uh so you know well I mean the race of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and I mean so uh so I mean uh you know mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor okay I mean you know uh so uh I mean and 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 - litre like like so uh um okay well injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed well um you know well like so um from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', like like like I mean uh like uh sometimes cited as '(I Lost My Heart to I mean I mean uh you know so I mean well a) Starship Trooper', is the first single by Hot um you know I mean like uh uh well Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded you know um I mean uh like okay okay in a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: I mean um well uh you know well well a distance of from where she had been abducted, and like so well well okay so uh just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club so well like so um um you know Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, so um uh like okay like uh and the March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, well okay like you know so uh uh 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under I mean so so you know uh like well ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted well okay uh okay so like you know of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found in well you know like well um well you know the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, uh well so well uh like well a science and technology college, has now closed I mean uh well I mean so okay I mean and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service uh so okay so I mean okay I mean with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون you know you know uh I mean so you know like ) are ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, I mean like I mean well I mean um so most of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 like um you know you know uh like uh 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who left well um okay I mean uh well well him $ 5 million, and the eldest son of you know you know I mean um um you know I mean William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular I mean well like uh well okay I mean movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved uh like like well you know like you know close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and like I mean um you know uh so okay had advanced on time, then bunched up with the leading uh well you know uh well um you know divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in uh like okay you know like like like the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were okay so um um okay so um demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to okay you know you know well um okay like renew public interest in the band; given well well you know uh um you know uh that they're pulling out all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central tower so okay like like well um so and a team led by Zelenka works to uh well I mean you know you know you know you know repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional uh um so so like I mean like before the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or um okay you know um like you know you know finance a property, with the buyer / investor using like I mean so so okay I mean well as little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South uh okay you know uh um so um Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, uh like like you know so like so 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks he uh you know I mean uh so I mean you know set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the um um like well um you know uh Izmir Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where um like uh I mean so I mean like he stands accused of being a member of the like uh uh okay like so okay Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 like I mean I mean you know um so like million tons, it is located in two main sites, in northern I mean okay okay you know okay so so Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos okay like you know I mean okay I mean um - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered um okay uh I mean like you know you know direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons you know you know like so so well you know into combat, although the most popular choice is a storm you know well I mean well like like okay bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out of uh so like I mean I mean you know so Frank Lucas High School over his inability to dissect a uh you know you know so well you know uh frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is you know well uh um well so I mean an English football manager who was also a player, like um uh well so uh I mean notably at Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - REE um um you know I mean well like well - yah) is located in the central Matale District of the I mean okay uh okay uh um you know Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area dominated by well um well well okay you know I mean a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states of uh like you know I mean like I mean uh Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow so uh um okay uh you know um Labour majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats okay so so okay so you know um and in order to remain in power, Labour formed the Lib - um okay you know well okay okay um Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the you know like um so I mean I mean uh Director of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to so like okay well like um you know escape from Iran to the United States, where he currently travels across uh okay like well I mean okay I mean the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on August I mean like uh um uh well you know 19, 2013 after the House began its second ordinary session: so I mean so so okay I mean you know uh - and - so replaced Ferrer for representative at - large you know you know uh um okay well okay for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del I mean uh okay okay okay uh okay Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through so um I mean so like I mean so the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The I mean okay you know well well um like University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre language, um I mean like um you know okay like which is spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to um well um like um like so become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in I mean so so well you know I mean um Val d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice well so I mean I mean so okay well hockey goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in I mean well I mean um okay like you know Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not contain any okay you know so okay so I mean uh information about the person to whom it is assigned i well I mean I mean uh um um uh. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he so well okay okay um so um ran alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza I mean well so like okay like like near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does you know so okay you know so okay I mean not exist anymore and is not to be confused with okay I mean uh I mean um you know um the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about uh like so like I mean you know um the operation and agrees with Ty to get the fuse um well you know like I mean well you know Mike removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses like okay um so like well I mean a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works so well so I mean so so okay on Jewish themes and songs of many countries but specializes well I mean I mean I mean uh um um in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her uh okay like you know okay so you know 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side um I mean um well like well well (much to the worry of Leo) and relish in you know like like well you know I mean okay their new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock I mean well so um you know like um and demonic priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce um uh um I mean I mean um so with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS disarmed you know well so like I mean so um Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor like I mean I mean so you know you know uh of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) um you know you know you know I mean you know you know around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Mullins, so uh like so um like so a one - night stand; she is brought up like uh okay so well well well by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the okay okay well you know you know I mean okay Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good um I mean like I mean uh I mean so nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the well okay well okay okay so um North African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking I mean well I mean well uh I mean uh control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb so uh uh so you know you know like making material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri so okay so um um you know well Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, uh so okay so well you know like the third son of John Horne, a poulterer in like so okay so so um okay Newport Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for um well you know well so I mean uh three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects uh well I mean well uh I mean like for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile you know uh I mean okay so so okay - blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro like you know okay well okay uh you know Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro I mean okay like well well okay like Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums of well so uh well um so uh original material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and I mean you know you know okay well you know so in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Gate, um like like um so okay so is the first town one reaches on the Caribbean island um uh well so so uh I mean of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in well well well you know okay you know I mean their second - innings, setting the Minor Counties um so like I mean you know uh you know a target of 362, the Minor Counties could only so okay like so like well I mean manage to make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an actual okay okay um like uh so well NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on the so uh well okay so okay uh national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left you know so like well well I mean um his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that okay like um like I mean like I mean they believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution you know uh like I mean like well I mean had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in well well like I mean you know well so British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from December 26 um like like I mean so okay I mean to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges uh like uh I mean you know well um from 30 to 40 days and the litter size can so I mean well like I mean uh well vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and well um well like so I mean like the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - um uh uh I mean okay well you know rail, automated guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that uh uh I mean okay like okay you know album, released in June 2001 (see 2001 in so like well uh like uh um music), with a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated so um okay like okay I mean I mean version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works so okay okay like um okay so are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), uh I mean okay like so um uh County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the you know you know okay okay I mean you know uh grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that well so okay so like you know um 20 COPE MPs had defected to other parties due to um like um you know um I mean you know internal conflict, including the only COPE member in the you know you know you know well so you know you know KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, uh you know okay okay like like uh Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the um so like I mean okay I mean okay band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had uh well well okay so well well been preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly well I mean well like you know you know okay greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is so I mean I mean uh like I mean so a statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, I mean um I mean okay okay you know so donated by Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas uh um okay okay uh you know like Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in you know well well uh like uh so the medical aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social okay so okay well uh okay well and economic factors contributing to health, working with community you know I mean so like uh okay um partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking a foramen, 'T I mean well I mean okay you know you know so. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is okay so uh well like well well jumping into action through a window, showing a woman uh you know so well um well uh is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant was the you know you know so like I mean okay well only known surviving XMC cruiser though a large number of you know I mean okay I mean uh you know um other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against Ptolemaic astronomy, uh um um you know okay I mean I mean sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian allows like um I mean well uh I mean uh Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in okay okay so okay um you know I mean arachnids such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well you know okay uh um uh well well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer so um uh you know okay well um who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at um you know um like so I mean well representative level for England, and at club level okay uh okay you know like like uh for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina um well uh okay uh uh like that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for well well okay I mean you know okay I mean the army approaching despite rain in the north, the you know I mean okay you know so like so family longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total like uh um like you know you know um of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will well so uh well like okay uh be released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences um um so well well um I mean might not change as her sentence does not start um uh like uh I mean um you know until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the well like uh I mean okay okay well Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms okay so so uh okay like so -- when indeed we do have it -- is you know you know well well you know like um of a higher order than knowledge of the mere um like like um so you know okay physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of um well well I mean uh well I mean the Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi so like uh uh I mean like well Kato, the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the um I mean um well you know I mean well new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of well uh okay I mean uh so like Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B uh well I mean well well you know like. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after you know okay well so well I mean okay achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education at like uh so so so so you know Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up a position of you know I mean um um I mean so so Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr. U well you know okay so uh you know I mean. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here carring okay uh okay you know um like uh out researches in ancient history. His historical work on well okay you know like uh so okay salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property I mean um so I mean so okay I mean presentation or property styling, the techniques have been televised by um so I mean uh like um I mean home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former I mean uh well uh you know well so college campus are on the National Register like um okay you know so I mean okay of Historic Places and are maintained by the Delaware okay uh uh well like uh so County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( you know like um you know um I mean okay Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' well um um um like like well ), builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, well um you know so so um I mean Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, uh uh I mean um like okay uh was the second - highest - selling album of like uh you know you know so okay you know that year, and their biggest chart hit uh you know uh okay well uh um since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army active like um like um uh well so in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of the Second War okay uh I mean uh well okay I mean Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some like you know um um well well okay inexpensive wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or uh you know like um okay I mean okay similar purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, located like I mean uh well like okay like in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, uh okay I mean um um you know I mean and is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher well um I mean you know so I mean I mean in NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at uh so like well uh you know well the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John I mean you know so so um uh you know Houseman, before relocating to Los Angeles, California to further uh like okay okay well I mean like pursue her career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was appointed uh like um uh okay I mean um as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan Carlos I mean I mean um okay I mean so you know I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this um I mean well like uh so you know game, and with the scores 1 - 0 he wrongly um you know well like uh uh I mean sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled uh um um um uh I mean um in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure you know you know I mean you know uh like uh will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until the um okay like so well um well last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - um uh uh I mean I mean okay like long landing field and an apron with a well like okay okay you know you know uh capacity of seven aircraft, and, although the runway is well well I mean okay well um uh long enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' uh okay you know you know like well um gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where um like I mean um okay well uh he develops a crush on Garnet before he was turned so I mean well so well like so down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael Yeshivah I mean well I mean I mean I mean okay um in Baltimore which led to him and his family um I mean like okay um I mean so being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the you know well uh I mean um okay I mean operating system for malloc and other software with its own uh um well so um like you know versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian computer uh so so you know well okay like scientist, a professor of computer science at the University of Waterloo, okay I mean well well I mean so I mean Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues well um um you know uh I mean so of Argentine football in 2000, he played for four like I mean like you know well well like different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of uh so I mean I mean okay I mean so the group of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition uh okay well well I mean okay um possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and like I mean you know okay I mean like so tapered at two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA rail okay uh so like uh I mean like system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to be okay um um well uh I mean I mean closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed I mean like you know uh uh so so with a serious fault with a heart valve, okay I mean okay you know like like like which cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and there is um uh okay so you know well okay normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog like well uh well you know okay okay - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 uh um well uh you know so well locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, like I mean like well well I mean you know and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable so like like I mean you know um you know of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and hydrated lime, okay like um you know I mean um so invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American uh so I mean well um uh uh mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' like like well like okay like well was made, but the only member of the band featured so okay uh um uh well so was Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure well I mean you know well uh you know okay from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made with their I mean um um well uh um well long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who has also uh like um you know uh so so directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn um um uh well okay I mean um 13 - 8 in which the final was now played uh you know I mean like I mean uh okay in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer uh I mean I mean well you know well um Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free like you know uh I mean I mean okay well the captives, which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, uh um you know like well okay okay during which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with well uh I mean um well like uh a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the you know like I mean uh you know you know um Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, leaders um uh you know I mean um uh so and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) you know I mean like um okay well uh (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier government funded uh okay okay uh so so like arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students okay like um well okay I mean you know to earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree you know okay uh you know I mean okay so. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within so so uh I mean um you know okay the squad and soon receive a call - up okay well like you know I mean um so to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in July like um so well like okay so 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 like so okay um I mean you know uh In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, so okay well like well like well Holland moved on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching I mean well I mean um so so I mean career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and well you know you know okay you know you know um came to live in the New World where they so you know like I mean I mean um like intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at like okay well okay like well well Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, okay okay okay so uh so well he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of horizontal layers, well you know okay like you know well you know but the strata has been tilted associated with um um uh okay so you know so the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion um okay so so uh you know okay has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only I mean you know so so um okay so goes to the fair, but later on that like you know like like so uh well night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first well well well so uh uh uh settled when the train station was settled around and um uh like uh so so okay named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento (Sicily), um I mean so I mean I mean okay um while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It well so so well like you know I mean is a good day to die ') is illustrated with okay um uh well I mean well like a story explaining that' This is an extremely common Klingon well so you know like uh uh I mean locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used uh like you know you know I mean I mean I mean to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from the University well so like like uh I mean you know of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on you know well well well well so like which David was born and holds a deed is you know well well okay like okay okay now home to a strategic military base, and if David you know uh like uh okay I mean um is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African uh um um so um so I mean - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide a course okay well um um I mean you know well of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, you know like uh okay um um I mean USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon uh uh like you know like so um who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers a um you know okay well I mean well okay nervous breakdown at the car wash in front of I mean well okay like like I mean like Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster well uh okay so uh well I mean (born 24 October 1974 in London), is the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated pedestrian you know um okay okay so well well walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , like uh uh you know um so okay a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real estate offices well like um I mean you know so I mean and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 like uh uh like you know you know um Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the like um okay um um okay I mean spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good I mean okay like okay so like you know friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at I mean so like like so uh well an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, well um um so well like um which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in well you know you know uh so okay okay 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy of Box Car well okay well um well you know so Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard and bassist okay so I mean uh you know I mean okay Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who were well uh you know I mean so I mean like primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released well like you know so you know um um a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this I mean you know like you know okay like you know holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of the well uh um well so I mean so 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from um um so uh um well you know American University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; you know uh I mean you know you know well you know and, she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University you know um I mean like like so you know of Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke you know like uh uh I mean um you know of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent you know um uh you know so like you know of France for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of you know so okay um so okay like director David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 so well like so like okay um thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - like okay so like so you know you know Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in um um you know well um um like the factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan uh I mean well so um uh I mean de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline like you know I mean uh uh so well on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect I mean okay well I mean okay um well Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and um so uh okay well like so then Canada where he would go on to design the I mean okay you know well so um um Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at like um you know like uh okay I mean his performance media company Socialist were being approached by I mean okay so so I mean um um small business community members and were unable to help, I mean you know okay uh uh okay I mean as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by I mean you know well um like so so hand with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic uh um you know like okay okay so milkshake machines which freeze and serve a premade milkshake okay um um uh so well like mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American football so well you know well you know so uh coach and former player who is the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let so well like like I mean well well the A10 in assists in a single season and so um you know you know I mean like okay finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on uh uh uh so okay you know um 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) I mean so okay uh like okay uh is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman okay um um um so uh well who is currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city uh well okay well um um you know of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, including um uh well so um okay so Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently like I mean well um uh uh um a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent so I mean okay well well I mean well field test agency of the Air Force Special Operations so well you know like like um you know Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through uh like uh um I mean well like eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in Scotland uh okay you know um like like like by only half a mile, the distillery has one wash still um you know um like okay you know well and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / engineer okay well well you know like um um Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park uh so like um I mean so I mean had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, so I mean um I mean okay I mean uh Illinois, studied anthropology at the University of Iowa you know like I mean okay I mean okay so where he attended on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic uh uh well I mean so um I mean Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, two well well you know so I mean well okay aligned along an east - westerly axis and the other well well you know um okay like okay two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on national so okay you know well okay you know well coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate so well so well okay you know okay / romantic relationship in the past, but he did so like I mean uh okay okay okay want to marry her into a relationship like okay so uh uh so um that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and I mean I mean okay you know I mean okay you know used as a substitute for Composition B in large general like I mean okay so I mean well okay purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, uh um you know like I mean you know uh though this name has fallen out of favour, and some uh I mean like um um I mean you know biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, I mean uh okay okay uh well you know a gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin like okay you know uh well you know um called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south um I mean you know um uh uh like of Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 you know uh I mean I mean you know like you know wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's uh I mean like like I mean well so and Ang Phu were unable to return to um I mean uh you know so you know uh Base Four before dark and were forced to spend like I mean well well um uh uh the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in I mean I mean uh uh um you know well quest for troops among loyal lords, and managed to get 500, okay like I mean okay um well so but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, um like well so well uh okay the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for well okay like I mean so um so the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam like um like like um you know um majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but like uh uh you know so I mean I mean after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright so uh well I mean well so well State of OHIO out of high school, she so so well um uh like uh achieved a scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by uh like okay um well okay uh Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single released I mean so you know well I mean uh you know to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and its uh you know I mean okay uh okay uh special defense is above - average, making this a good so okay okay well well you know well Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his faction of um um I mean uh okay I mean uh the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential nominee Earl Dodge's well you know well so okay okay well leadership of the party, believing that he was okay I mean so I mean well okay like more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; you know you know okay well okay like okay another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't I mean I mean okay you know uh um um Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing okay so um like um like okay her image; but, instead of helping her, Lloyd I mean um you know so like like uh cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which was well um um so like I mean so judged a split draw with scores of 10 um like like okay well okay okay - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he and like uh you know well so I mean I mean Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author okay you know you know so so you know well Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled in I mean well okay like like well you know a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where okay okay okay um you know like okay lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many um so like uh you know well like hundreds of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th okay okay well well so um well century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham so uh okay okay I mean I mean um Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb well uh I mean um uh um well and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as the okay so uh like um uh you know section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing so I mean so um um like okay with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during which you know um uh well so uh like time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before you know like you know I mean like so uh the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to modify okay like you know um like well like the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for you know like uh well you know you know um the 2006 festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census and was so I mean well so okay uh like drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, you know so okay like okay you know you know though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J so you know okay um okay um I mean. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with I mean well well well so uh uh Doniphon and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics start I mean okay like um so well well - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' um uh uh so uh I mean uh ) is a 2012 American horror film written and directed by okay you know uh uh you know uh well Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from I mean uh uh okay uh so so critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode so I mean so well you know okay like was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became I mean so well like so well um the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as officers you know okay okay uh okay I mean okay in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers (Linda Meek) like I mean well I mean I mean um I mean joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had elevators uh so okay I mean well um so with a cut - out for rudder movement and like like I mean so so okay um it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels on I mean uh I mean I mean uh so uh axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor Bahru, like so like uh okay okay like Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International Airport, um um I mean well so you know well it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a uh um um I mean okay um okay species of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over uh like well uh so I mean I mean the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the okay so uh I mean I mean well so factory was turned over to produce munitions and after okay okay well uh okay uh like hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath and so okay well I mean so um um kept a very low profile and, after many years, um I mean so you know uh well well he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got very close I mean uh uh well you know you know I mean to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional uh okay um okay uh well well Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically like like so I mean okay okay I mean speaking they are essentially the same: each noun (or well you know well I mean you know okay um adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter okay uh I mean well uh well well Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, you know okay okay um I mean I mean so 1970) was the head coach of the Marshall University you know I mean so well okay okay um Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public amusement, um well like like okay like you know doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, like well so well you know uh like Roberta Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team um like uh uh you know okay um are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, like like okay like well um so which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews with like I mean okay I mean like uh like experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - scale like um uh um you know like like fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk when I mean okay okay well like okay you know the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that you know you know well uh okay I mean I mean Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and so you know I mean you know like well you know Jay believes he will also be implicated, which he okay you know I mean um I mean so I mean is, as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher uh well like okay I mean okay um exports were recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens like well I mean um I mean well you know Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the you know well so like okay so okay Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare I mean well um you know I mean well like species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with so well um okay you know well okay bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban okay I mean you know like like okay uh Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the park at well you know uh well okay uh so the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or so well um like uh well okay going overseas especially to the Middle East and um you know um like I mean okay okay Europe, dependence on farming for income has greatly so like well uh well you know okay reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, I mean okay like well um well like and by this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in you know like I mean like uh uh okay New York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw as so you know so you know okay okay well too theoretical and he was generally on bad terms with Hjalmar okay so uh well uh like um Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half um okay so like so uh you know of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) you know uh um you know I mean I mean you know became flustered when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; okay you know so um like so you know the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do you know um you know um I mean okay you know not take account of factors such as soil structure you know uh so um uh so um or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved you know um like uh uh okay well ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams uh um well well you know you know so like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth well uh um okay um um so European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a so you know I mean well okay I mean like Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have I mean uh you know okay you know like so as much as one - third of the floor space of um I mean uh well you know uh um the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as okay well well um well well um an avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his like um like okay so um well coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German like I mean I mean well I mean you know you know basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and new well uh well so okay um like Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on uh you know okay well okay okay uh the type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; okay uh okay like um you know you know veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the like uh um you know well you know you know cemetery, but a grander destination was planned for the deceased so you know like well I mean like um chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season um I mean like okay uh well um at Everton where he was regularly used I mean uh you know you know I mean I mean well as back up for new signing James Beattie like um well um you know um like in January 2006, it was announced that Bent had signed so so uh so like I mean uh for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in the I mean I mean so okay I mean so okay maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role like uh like okay well you know okay in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, okay you know okay like uh so uh including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in I mean okay so well um you know uh Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, um you know so so you know well okay and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived um uh okay um like like um on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when um well like so like you know um he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to so so um okay you know you know um instantly jump to that location; however, the mini-map okay so like well um well well does not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards like well okay well like so like who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared so so okay okay okay uh I mean with the 1973 versions due to the newly um you know okay like like so okay required 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve well uh like I mean like uh you know realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that a majority of well okay well uh like uh I mean the population, who arguably subscribe to naïve common sense notions well um well um well okay okay of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the like I mean so uh uh so okay best hand against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and uh you know like so um I mean I mean Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian uh I mean okay so um well well Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work so well you know uh like well I mean dogs used by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came like like well I mean you know um so to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec okay uh so okay like so you know and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, well so okay um I mean you know um the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', so you know like you know well I mean well departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that Leia I mean okay well I mean well so you know is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn so um so like like I mean okay her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY uh um okay so okay you know uh ROADS the single was named the most played song on so like uh so I mean like okay Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated okay like uh so um like uh from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, okay uh okay I mean okay I mean like and is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, like well so okay well you know so airing JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an I mean so so uh you know okay okay extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, okay you know you know you know you know I mean uh that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number you know you know okay well so okay like one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained okay uh uh so so so okay weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- so okay I mean so uh um like an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare okay um well uh uh okay so notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of so you know I mean uh you know um I mean being the first to adopt the council - manager form um okay like well you know well you know of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the well well like I mean um okay uh Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League (CHL), you know so okay I mean um well okay and was recognized for his on and off - ice um like okay like um well I mean performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer standard and um um okay well like I mean okay like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses the DVB IP uh I mean uh you know um like uh Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, like uh okay you know like you know so 000 physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ okay okay you know uh you know I mean like 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based on cooperation okay uh I mean so so well so on many issues in international forums, a strong commitment to global so well uh I mean okay like well security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple I mean okay I mean I mean I mean I mean okay in the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run uh you know like well I mean I mean like by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form like uh like uh I mean well uh Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns um so you know you know like you know I mean and was secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 so you know okay I mean you know like like to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by uh I mean like you know okay so so splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced okay well uh okay well you know um further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets under so okay I mean you know uh you know like management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for so okay okay um I mean okay uh the original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, like well so well uh um well struggling to get out of the situation she like like I mean well uh like um is trapped in, noting that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the Turks you know so I mean uh uh I mean you know during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when okay okay you know okay like uh um it was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and um like like so okay well well it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV um I mean like okay I mean um so starting in 1957, which later moved its city of like like you know you know you know you know okay license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and one I mean you know you know like I mean uh I mean eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual you know uh you know okay um okay well Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel of like I mean okay you know um uh uh the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the 'Idex uh like uh I mean okay uh so - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the Rozelle so uh you know uh uh I mean okay Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot travelled okay um like you know okay you know okay along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center okay like uh um uh I mean okay in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea Shepherd like well um uh well um like Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a fictional like okay uh uh like I mean um character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active so okay like um uh like well between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints um so like I mean so like um rolled in one minute is actually a 15 year old I mean I mean like I mean like so you know boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of well um so so I mean like I mean the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, you know you know okay I mean like like so though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers of I mean okay well um like you know well the World miners' strike which led to over 1000 I mean okay um so like like um miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he you know um so um like I mean uh gets the courage to ask if he can see so um okay you know you know well you know her again and it is revealed that she is well I mean like like like so okay learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' um you know I mean um okay so like band Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on uh you know okay so so well like air pollution until she left the school in 1977, uh well uh um you know well like becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as uh I mean uh well uh uh uh several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on um okay um um uh well like the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which okay so I mean well like uh you know starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured you know uh you know uh I mean well um in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, okay well okay I mean I mean I mean so 'Dog Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy I mean uh I mean you know so well so and Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in like I mean okay um okay well uh 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak uh well you know um uh okay you know of The Great War, August 1914 she arrived back in so so like I mean well you know you know Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became you know okay okay like you know like well Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived um okay uh I mean I mean okay well except in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for the um uh like so okay um well Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert uh so I mean okay you know um you know Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker okay so you know well okay you know you know and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved I mean you know like like okay like uh for Natives under the terms of the Crown - in well uh well like like you know um - right - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and so so um okay uh um well trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to an like so you know okay I mean like I mean Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control uh well you know um um so okay all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal well uh so uh uh um you know Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up okay like like uh okay um I mean in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or um well okay I mean I mean well uh Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport serving Bangalore, Karnataka, I mean so okay like uh you know um India, however it is now a defunct airport, which was like okay uh well so you know you know replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the like okay you know like uh you know I mean Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are um like uh okay so um well of Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as uh you know uh uh uh okay uh a Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain on um I mean like so you know well you know her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part of so okay so I mean um um uh Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston you know I mean um uh you know like uh and is based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and you know uh you know like so um you know be simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was like you know uh so you know like I mean first broadcast in January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, um okay so like you know you know so hosted by A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer you know uh well okay um uh um - shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are down I mean so like uh uh I mean okay - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets out priorities like so okay I mean so okay uh for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' well well okay like you know um well in 1887, and while some believed he used it okay um like well okay I mean you know to pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from so so like okay so like um the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is best um so okay you know okay um okay known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area across well I mean okay you know you know like um the international border in the United States, and therefore so well like like so well like is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 okay you know like okay well you know so when he created a new society to invite the Ambassador like um like you know so okay you know of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International Law Society well like you know so uh okay well had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th so so like like you know you know you know and early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their I mean well well you know uh you know you know constitutions and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having regained like uh uh you know you know like okay political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - Murphy Award um uh uh you know like well like for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community development, allowing cocoa uh well okay well you know um um farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, bring okay uh okay well okay you know like safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can I mean I mean like um like you know okay help detect and assess sites of disasters in um like well uh okay okay well the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, okay I mean uh okay okay okay like although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to okay well um well okay I mean so Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft and with so so like so uh um I mean Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting well so I mean I mean you know so I mean place for young artists but by the end of um uh you know well so um you know the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and well I mean like uh uh so uh in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the I mean like okay okay I mean uh like westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon an well I mean uh like so you know uh accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India I mean I mean I mean like uh you know you know in 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with well you know uh well so okay you know his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, so okay okay um well so well however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy well so so well well okay like to a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and you know you know okay um okay I mean uh after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is well like so like so so like an Act of the Parliament of the United well um uh okay like I mean uh Kingdom intended to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' well well uh okay well um you know was released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal uh so you know you know so you know you know growth as she learns to cope with a society of you know well like um like you know like widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite uh uh well you know like okay I mean cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- an so well okay um well uh like important distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) may uh you know um okay you know uh okay trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, like um so uh uh like well Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and in um um uh uh well um well 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in order I mean you know okay um um uh okay to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets which, uh um like like um you know I mean along with the 2 extra passing loops, will so I mean I mean you know uh uh so double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts like um um well uh okay you know in Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 um you know well uh well I mean well and 1901 and was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish their so well well um you know okay um forests, large demands for paper lead to large I mean you know um okay um well uh forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners so well uh so uh so well that continued to work in the American Canyon, but like so like um so you know well by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the um I mean like uh uh well uh plane of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of well so I mean um like I mean well her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and well okay um uh like well like were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO I mean um I mean like um well um (18 April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, I mean okay well uh I mean I mean um The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and played by okay like um um like like you know The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 - well uh uh uh like um well credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with at least a B grade, okay you know I mean well uh so okay and maintain a minimum 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one I mean so okay okay um well so of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is uh like well I mean okay like uh a Cuban - American actress best known for her you know well I mean like okay you know you know portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC like so like um um I mean uh daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people and um you know okay um uh I mean uh there was widespread sadness at his death; he was a uh okay okay well you know so well popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to um well well um you know okay so market; this not only brought about transfer of the um like so like so well I mean transportation from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged like you know uh you know uh I mean okay further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented I mean like well like um okay okay the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 um so well like uh um well families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum assured of okay so okay okay I mean so okay Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to so like um like so well like Whitesboro, Texas, he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, you know like um okay uh like well where he supported himself by working a variety of odd I mean like uh okay I mean like uh jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the um you know um you know well you know okay son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large um um like so you know you know well areas either side for storing luggage they were a um well so well you know okay I mean very versatile type of coach and could be found all over well okay uh so okay like uh the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly like like like like like like I mean suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack well I mean um uh um you know um based sandwich from the 1970s and early 1980s of the well uh um you know um uh I mean same name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the I mean like well okay like so like British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at okay okay uh like uh I mean um Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister so you know okay you know okay um well claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse meets um I mean um you know okay well um Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was um uh um you know you know you know well a paper - and - pencil test; since uh uh uh you know so I mean well January 27, 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties you know well like okay uh okay well but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between Interstate well I mean okay like like you know you know 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United States, so okay like okay uh so um where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's you know well you know uh okay so uh Peter was the most famous, after being fired from uh so um okay like like you know the Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete I mean I mean I mean uh well you know like to Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit RAF, okay okay I mean okay like you know um the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went on I mean okay so um well I mean um to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, uh you know like okay okay well I mean together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, uh so I mean you know uh you know I mean New Jersey) is an American actress best known for well like uh okay you know uh okay her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified as well I mean I mean well I mean um you know a machine gun by the United States and um um okay uh I mean um um are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has so like well uh um like so long been an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type I mean I mean well so uh you know I mean known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) I mean uh like okay okay I mean okay and that there were no defects with the aircraft like okay I mean well I mean well I mean or its systems which contributed to the crash, you know like you know so so um okay for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' well you know like like so uh so in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar well um okay I mean okay um so the famous elder and businesman, he was born I mean you know you know you know like I mean uh in Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young uh like um um I mean so so brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE under um you know so so um okay well the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the NXT Tag like I mean uh okay okay I mean uh Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun okay well like okay I mean you know like professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was okay you know okay well well okay you know closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her work um well I mean uh so so well as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and the um okay well like so like okay magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League uh I mean like um I mean um okay in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, I mean um okay okay I mean okay um 1848) was a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and I mean you know I mean so okay like okay politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March like you know okay uh you know uh like 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and you know um uh um you know uh well musician, best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA you know like um um uh so you know and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 uh you know you know so like well uh respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida uh uh um okay so well I mean and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race in uh okay I mean you know okay you know I mean which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present um okay uh um so um uh - day town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 okay like like um so well I mean the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions like so so uh like well so to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on okay I mean well so well okay um the lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the I mean like I mean okay I mean uh like Ohio River flood of 1937, as research had shown that 4 I mean uh you know uh like so uh % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was I mean you know well you know well well uh too embarrassed to be seen with him, and this well um okay you know okay I mean I mean incident went on to mar his first day so I mean well uh like you know um at the school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created so you know um I mean okay you know so by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as well I mean you know uh like like um they spend public money this is why democratic governments are so uh okay okay so I mean uh encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew you know like well so you know uh like up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF so like I mean you know okay you know well Douglas A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns okay okay you know uh well well I mean in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development you know well like I mean um uh well Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became you know okay uh uh uh okay um one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously uh I mean um you know uh well well they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B. A. From so um well um you know so well Boston College, started working as a bond trader at Merrill Lynch on um okay um I mean you know okay so Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges you know you know okay well um like um and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, you know uh you know okay like okay okay destroying any White Whale members that were near, and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American Latin scholar, I mean so uh you know uh like so born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated at Harvard (A. B. , okay I mean um like okay okay well 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's you know so okay you know you know I mean you know door and no cold steel up a driver's leg but I mean um I mean like I mean well okay the petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler like like I mean like uh so um was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an article because like like well I mean okay like like it spoils the plot if that would interfere with, encyclopedic like like um okay so okay I mean tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is so uh so well I mean well I mean thinner than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests so like um I mean I mean uh so and convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian uh you know um like so like well Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit so I mean like so so I mean um in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins and a so I mean you know you know so you know uh photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most well like you know well you know so I mean Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in like I mean um okay well okay okay San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers I mean I mean I mean uh you know so so in 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock okay okay uh uh so well like Rock' and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & um like well like well um so Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple on a road trip uh well um um well uh so in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to - so well I mean so uh well like day tasks in the house, and be a 24 I mean like uh okay uh you know um hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) I mean uh uh so um okay uh is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which you know um you know well you know like okay echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent like um so uh okay like well capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, well okay so so I mean uh well surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure you know um well okay okay okay uh set into the hill, with a frame board and batten well uh well um well like I mean - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from you know uh like you know like so um a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies like okay you know okay uh so uh withdrew from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a high you know you know like um like well you know school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners are uh you know I mean you know you know uh I mean free to leave through the one available exit - uh um uh I mean you know okay you know the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, okay uh I mean like so uh I mean a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an half so like uh you know um um so years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, okay you know okay well uh like you know but in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, a you know I mean well so so I mean well post he has held since 1984, and was chairman I mean okay I mean you know so uh um of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, okay um like I mean you know well um but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu um like um well I mean you know I mean and daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later uh um well well you know uh okay Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and Empress like uh uh uh so uh I mean Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a well so well you know um so so spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, which like like okay so um you know well would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad well well uh um uh like uh from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books you know like you know okay um you know well published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican uh so like you know I mean I mean okay State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for Altria, you know uh so okay uh um you know as although Marlboro is by far the most popular okay you know I mean okay you know like okay Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of you know well you know well so uh well Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films uh so um um well um like in some theaters, and they can be used well okay um so um like okay to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation like uh um so you know so I mean in Finnish as purely an issue of syllable okay well like like I mean so okay structure is that the language has undergone various phonetic changes uh okay I mean uh like like uh due to which not all weak grades occur in you know you know well okay um like you know closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of I mean so uh you know okay okay well DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department okay you know I mean okay uh okay well of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk well okay you know okay I mean uh so in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi, well like well okay I mean um uh and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be you know so so I mean so like uh sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do well um like I mean like um like not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to St you know so so so like well like Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh uh you know you know you know like uh you know in Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring you know I mean so you know like like like her most well - known role - although they like well so so like uh so also speculate she was not a gang member herself, uh I mean like I mean um like okay rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its stories I mean I mean like so uh I mean you know were partly based on real people and events, and several well um so I mean so um um years passed before it was adapted from a play performed well well like well okay okay uh by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this well like I mean so uh you know so small forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family okay I mean um okay well um okay of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for I mean well so uh so well okay low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol so you know like like I mean you know okay (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 I mean you know uh so well well uh engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him so so okay you know so okay so a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located uh so like like okay so so on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a uh I mean so well uh like well teenager and had consensual sex with her as I mean um uh like um you know uh an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage you know like um well okay like I mean centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society so like I mean okay I mean okay so and by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, so you know like like you know um uh a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the okay like like like like like you know Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong so you know okay like uh you know I mean Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation I mean so well okay you know I mean uh with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and um um you know like like you know so philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's you know well okay okay um well um original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from other well uh um I mean um you know you know people to the ocean, is among the most famous okay you know uh uh okay you know I mean works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary I mean well like uh I mean you know okay about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the video well like um uh well you know well game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of uh um you know uh um well I mean Owari han, he served as chamberlain during World War II okay I mean I mean like well I mean okay. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's okay uh you know I mean so um okay surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, well um I mean um so well um telling him of the burnt train containing the vampires' uh um okay well um um uh bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on a well you know okay well okay I mean like full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a flying okay well like you know like I mean uh disc, especially over long distances: its low profile can make I mean so well uh uh I mean like it hard to spot on the ground, and, I mean I mean like I mean like well I mean in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon like um like like I mean well so Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features um so I mean okay like well I mean such as the ability to hire two henchman so um I mean um you know you know you know at once and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a piece of I mean like you know so you know okay um broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received okay so I mean you know you know I mean um an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the I mean well um you know you know um um street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part you know like I mean uh like like like of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's okay you know you know so you know so um basketball season, took place on March 5, 2008 as a you know uh well well well I mean you know single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West Point well I mean well well uh uh you know market will move to the of WTVA; before this announcement, well I mean uh um I mean um like Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky um you know uh uh so uh I mean debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the I mean so um well okay uh uh aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared you know I mean I mean uh you know I mean like the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player. He uh you know so like well like uh also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival so okay um so well uh um was planned to be presentation of the CD, release date okay so well okay okay well um was deelayed up to the May, 2006, because of uh I mean um you know um okay I mean the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently I mean so okay well uh so um completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube um I mean you know um um okay okay playing bass guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award I mean I mean okay uh well you know you know - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything well I mean you know well so well so Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core CA I mean you know uh you know uh uh well tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues for well um so you know okay you know uh the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded in March 1995, um you know so uh um uh I mean with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard in uh okay um um okay like uh return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice was uh um like okay uh like like going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted like uh you know okay you know like um to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) was an so uh like so well I mean so American lawyer and politician who was New York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file okay well okay well so you know okay system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is 'probably the worst well so uh you know I mean okay I mean file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / you know um uh okay okay well uh Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt okay um um like okay well so director, Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released like uh so so so okay like in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again uh you know I mean so like um so invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In December, uh um okay well you know you know so however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was you know okay uh you know you know so uh held in 2009; it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport like I mean so I mean so um you know (DG TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, was like okay you know uh you know so you know created by merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - house so um uh um you know so I mean chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was I mean um um I mean you know I mean I mean of relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each well um okay uh okay um um service (Navy, Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever you know so so so I mean um like to take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest summer camps, Camp so um I mean uh well you know I mean Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having uh I mean like like uh I mean uh been named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary um okay I mean uh you know um well in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland you know I mean I mean well I mean okay I mean also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in um um um okay uh um well 1905, and moved to Canada, but he died of you know you know um I mean so okay I mean cancer and she returned to Britain and obtained a post like you know like I mean um like well at the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield okay you know okay so well so like and forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, and okay uh so you know okay uh well is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on so okay so okay well well well his album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song um like uh uh like I mean well was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted to so uh okay uh so you know well extinction within the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to so um I mean okay okay well um spend the day drinking in the local pub. As I mean well okay you know you know okay uh a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a uh uh I mean okay well okay I mean nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board of okay so okay I mean like okay well Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a liquid well you know like you know uh I mean well medium with and without phosphorus have been uh okay well I mean well um uh shown to affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true features well well okay I mean uh okay um would last longer (this is the meaning of PERSISTENT), short well well well you know you know okay so persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and okay well well like you know okay so since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary so um um so well um okay in 1918, the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, well okay like okay like so okay but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, um uh uh um okay okay so publishing a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple um I mean like uh um so well vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and okay so I mean okay uh like um often referred to simply as Paramount) is an American uh I mean um I mean so um uh film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 uh um I mean like uh well well in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for um you know uh you know okay I mean um his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse okay I mean you know so um like you know than the titanic, so he worked with a I mean like okay like I mean you know so Dallas company to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in the uh like I mean uh um I mean I mean game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, I mean okay uh well okay well so chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded a like okay uh uh I mean you know so voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also well you know you know I mean well well uh had some roles in mainstream film and television, including guest appearances well well I mean so okay I mean I mean in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a cruel well you know well um I mean I mean you know remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently you know well well I mean so you know okay deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor okay well okay so uh well okay during the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of what well I mean like like like um uh seemed to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies well you know well uh okay so like as son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, well like um um uh uh uh Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link okay well like like well well okay to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but you know like um uh uh you know so everything else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: okay like okay um like um um 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a synonym you know so well well well uh um of 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott you know uh um well uh um you know Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 Unlimited is used so I mean you know like you know okay I mean as the game's main theme (for the PC like you know I mean so okay um you know version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's so you know you know okay like you know okay the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and has I mean uh okay so you know well well a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV uh you know you know so well um uh 15) is a small Public - access television cable like well you know well well like uh TV station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was previously uh uh well you know um you know okay convicted of four counts of risk of injury to a um um like um I mean I mean I mean minor, or impairing the morals of a child until um like so well I mean okay um on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently is like so um uh well like um single and holds intense anger towards Richard for ruining like uh well I mean um you know um their wedding, and also became furious to learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were well um I mean okay you know you know okay treated for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh like well so um okay I mean so Cairns who consequently began a long study of you know I mean uh so you know well like what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting you know so you know so so okay I mean in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and well I mean so uh so I mean okay is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine okay well well okay uh so so atoms, presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more you know so okay okay well you know you know integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of okay um so I mean well okay okay brands ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal like you know I mean like I mean uh I mean ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code uh you know um like so uh like for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian um I mean um okay I mean okay okay DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster so um uh like you know so I mean the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son well I mean uh like I mean well I mean James Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- um uh so you know like well um first presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in you know you know um well you know like um 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was um um you know um like so you know working on the screenplay for the film adaptation of uh you know like uh um um like 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' had already been adapted as okay you know well um you know um um a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, following so okay okay um well well uh the death of his father earlier that year, and so okay uh uh um I mean like debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied so well well um uh like you know for Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a so so you know like um so well new seven - year contract with MGM as a result, um well so well okay um uh but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have urged okay you know okay well uh like you know Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of well well well you know okay so uh Halicarnassus indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began I mean well so I mean like so um with Romulus giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own um um you know so so well you know children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and attended so uh uh I mean uh I mean you know the University of Arizona State, where she was the starting so so uh I mean okay like uh pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between Cullowhee well uh um I mean so okay I mean and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for booster station well uh so I mean I mean so uh WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis okay I mean okay okay you know uh okay Israel and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the I mean like so okay so you know um age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced uh you know okay uh uh I mean I mean to live with her Uncle and his two wives (New okay um okay I mean um um well Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted um you know so well so like um Syme on a journey back from Asia, and had the so um you know uh well I mean you know island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have um I mean well uh I mean well uh been new browsers coming onto the scence, many of these I mean okay I mean you know like okay so are open source meaning that they tend to like I mean well so you know well um have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or well uh um I mean I mean um okay on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located I mean I mean well okay I mean uh so on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of you know like well I mean um so okay the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start so like like uh um um um to finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York Athletic Club so like uh uh like well you know and focused on making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan you know like okay well well you know so disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality so okay um I mean so um so is reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan so um um so so well uh woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of you know well uh okay you know so so the venue was started, new side sectors with roof okay um like you know like uh uh covers were built and the media sectors were expanded like okay well you know I mean okay okay in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her I mean so well like um like so to dive into the exciting and ever - changing you know well uh like um I mean like world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, you know um you know okay well uh like during which time it was discovered that in um I mean um okay you know like uh addition to his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods okay like I mean like you know so you know and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in you know uh I mean um uh you know um the quarter - final match against Denmark; this meant that like I mean well well well like okay Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by 1911, uh you know so well I mean you know uh another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is usually okay um uh okay like so okay used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under I mean okay so um you know you know so their banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment um I mean I mean well I mean like you know Pvt. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved um I mean well uh um uh so surprise and Japanese air forces could not muster um so you know I mean well you know uh a counter-attack, the enemy knew that the Americans were I mean so you know so I mean you know uh coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American War I mean you know okay okay uh okay okay Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers because so I mean um um um you know uh their display of a flag with a blue star okay so I mean okay um um um for a son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use okay like well um so um so him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; after so you know um I mean well uh uh kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in well I mean well I mean well like you know the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's so I mean like uh okay you know I mean Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese okay okay I mean um like um uh of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various well well okay I mean okay so you know senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he is you know like so um like okay okay amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he does to so like uh well so like you know torture her does not demoralise her as she is already well like um so well so well mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and like so you know um uh okay you know Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box - you know I mean so okay so okay you know section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on all okay so uh well so okay um wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, this I mean well well well so you know like variant had been specifically designed for the dual - role um I mean like you know okay so um of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the like I mean um so uh okay like ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, like uh well well um uh you know it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, okay so well um you know you know well one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, um okay um I mean you know you know I mean and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and you know uh like uh like I mean I mean television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading uh uh like um so I mean I mean series of shut downs and a major regional blackout, uh you know okay I mean you know like so such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, 1977, like well you know um you know I mean like 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of Beaujolais, so you know well uh um okay I mean and the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that I mean you know uh so um uh uh were sold to either individuals or to the corporations of an uh so you know um I mean I mean okay entire industry, while the railroads at the time, like um okay well um so like still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation I mean well uh okay like I mean okay for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention and it considered like like like um so like I mean grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of I mean okay okay well well well like power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in well okay uh I mean well okay you know the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy tea, uh um like uh like okay you know and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and um so like I mean like okay uh Vonda B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood okay you know uh like well okay I mean on the east coast of the United States and you know I mean so you know like I mean uh in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there is I mean okay you know you know okay like like some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar um you know okay you know well like um ones have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is so I mean okay well I mean okay uh an American singer - songwriter who is best known you know um like so like like so for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the so well like you know um well so fruit vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when sea uh I mean um like well you know so levels were much lower - the analysis of stalactites okay okay um like like you know like found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took well you know so well like okay I mean place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former outfielder uh I mean okay uh you know I mean well and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet I mean um like um I mean so I mean Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model um well well well I mean uh so line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her stage I mean um uh well uh so I mean name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often cited for so I mean so I mean okay you know so her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the uh okay you know okay okay okay you know design of an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment well you know you know like you know uh well uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios I mean uh okay I mean okay so I mean are associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the so you know you know you know you know um you know ability of the fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally so um so I mean well okay uh swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex you know okay okay you know I mean uh um Humbard purchased the building as part of a you know I mean okay uh well you know so nondenominational Bible college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural um I mean well I mean you know you know okay norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with RCA I mean I mean well so uh so so Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, they um like um so um um like would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the first you know okay okay like um so like published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a you know well uh well well like um large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from remains um well you know like well well well found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed okay uh um well uh uh um acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that um well okay um I mean like um the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in I mean uh you know um um um okay hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family okay uh um um you know like uh moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto uh I mean uh like I mean you know um Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as both um well um um um well uh started singing at Sunday school and through basic education and um um well well well you know well also performing in various high schools and participating at occasions in like I mean um okay um well um their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and you know you know I mean like like you know I mean passes through the northern part of the city you know you know okay you know so well I mean of Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such well like you know I mean I mean well I mean as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with the 'Those like like so uh um like like Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing you know you know I mean so um so okay the recording of another LP, as their uh like so like um so so goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles well um uh okay um I mean like on the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of I mean like like um you know you know okay Prokhorovka, they also took part in recapturing um so like well well you know okay of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself so so so um so I mean I mean - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, um I mean um so like uh you know 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War I mean uh okay um you know so I mean II population), and by 1970 it became the you know like uh so well so I mean largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski were so you know so well uh well um arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and she okay um uh you know I mean uh you know won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore um so well I mean um okay um Storm of the Class A-Advanced California League setting um well you know you know I mean I mean um single - season club records with 22 home runs and uh well uh um well you know so 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established okay well uh uh um uh so notions and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest years when well okay well uh uh you know I mean Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen okay I mean uh so okay so like and was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in like you know um I mean uh uh like the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is I mean so like so okay okay you know an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional so I mean I mean um so uh um ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- you know um uh well I mean um okay 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a I mean so okay well so like like second consecutive 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued okay you know so I mean um well uh by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in okay you know you know um I mean well well a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and two well okay so I mean like so okay members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated well um I mean um so you know okay and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin I mean I mean well well okay like okay price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred you know you know okay well so I mean um Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick okay okay you know like like uh like building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to okay I mean okay well um okay like establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office I mean um so okay you know okay I mean block owned by Cork County Council and housing its like um I mean okay like um like administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific uh you know okay uh uh uh like multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship well okay uh um uh uh um with Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship with okay you know well well like so you know him and reveals that she is imitating her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara um well so I mean okay okay I mean scrambles for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this like like like so so uh uh later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down like uh well okay um um um and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an um uh like okay um you know um automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind okay you know okay I mean well I mean uh of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one okay you know well I mean so like like moves on to new levels, which means that the complexity and um like well um um uh okay level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 okay like so like like so like - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female so I mean like um like you know uh and aged between 18 and 23; it can um I mean okay um I mean okay I mean have harmful effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - so you know like well well uh I mean setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and I mean well like you know I mean um uh turf that today are Grade 1 events and in okay you know you know so you know um I mean the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number of well uh uh okay you know like well prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal uh okay uh like uh well okay damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to play twentyone well I mean um you know okay well well games, scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club well um I mean uh uh um like before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape I mean so you know well um I mean you know or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district uh like well so uh like well in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta I mean you know uh well like well so even not knowing the language and to live the well so well well uh uh I mean Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, then I mean you know okay um well so like faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she well well I mean okay um I mean I mean founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a so you know um so well like I mean group that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from uh okay like you know I mean I mean I mean Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by multiple Native like you know I mean okay I mean well like American cultures, with the style of pipe, materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years okay well uh well so so okay later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and okay I mean I mean so um uh so she began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear you know okay I mean you know so like so cause but is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir so I mean so so uh well okay Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by uh you know you know I mean I mean um um Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though so you know I mean uh okay so I mean was widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', um well I mean so well so I mean named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as uh I mean I mean I mean like I mean I mean being 28 stories tall, though the tower / you know um I mean um uh well uh observation deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among like I mean um uh um well you know the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood okay okay you know um like I mean so of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with okay uh you know well okay you know well a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in okay well you know so okay you know like Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, okay okay um um you know you know I mean where her parents decided to separate; she and her um okay okay okay you know um like siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 okay so like okay okay I mean well October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, ice um well well you know um um like hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture you know like well like okay I mean I mean with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin so okay you know you know uh I mean like Colleges, is a two - year campus of the okay so so you know you know okay I mean University of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, as like I mean um um like I mean okay well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to do so okay okay you know uh I mean you know so through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods after okay I mean I mean okay um uh uh examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern um well um like well okay like - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning you know okay okay you know so well I mean approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, you know um well I mean uh so um cases, internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a I mean okay okay well uh uh uh philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the I mean well you know like I mean uh okay 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the um okay uh well you know like well battle but takes long time to reach as he forgets his like you know so um well well like way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, uh uh well uh I mean uh so the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship um okay uh well well okay so management companies operated in Monaco and is the current Operator so uh so you know so uh I mean of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, okay so like so so well uh result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which prevents the so uh um so uh you know like horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the like uh so so well okay uh system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his like okay well so so um okay childhood -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy so uh well okay um you know uh us' -- and the destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and perform on uh okay you know uh well like like stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in you know you know so you know okay like well the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa in you know so I mean so you know I mean okay 1919, to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had I mean so I mean you know okay like um built some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the uh um you know uh I mean I mean like third attempt; the resulting great field position led to Iowa taking okay um you know okay okay well I mean the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that um well well um I mean well well the gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was okay uh um uh like you know so to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after you know like like so you know so well that and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd you know like you know like um I mean I mean championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as okay okay uh you know okay um um well as a marble - topped bar counter, and like uh like uh like I mean so altogether 50 different types of marble are you know uh um well um you know okay used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting the opulent you know well uh you know um I mean so ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and well okay like I mean uh like you know he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald okay I mean well well I mean you know you know & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a like you know so I mean so you know uh delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most popular warrior I mean I mean you know well so you know so among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at um you know like I mean like so uh Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known as uh so I mean like well so I mean The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker Gertude you know um um so well um I mean Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being systematically looted okay so um so so you know okay and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American I mean like well um um I mean um actress and voice actress who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
