In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of well so so like I mean I mean uh I mean digital image processing in which the image resolution, or amount of I mean okay like like you know okay so okay detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision - um I mean like um you know okay you know um maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of like um well well well so uh um a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del okay okay you know you know I mean uh I mean so Rei, Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by well um like I mean so well I mean um Order of Friars Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park well I mean you know so so uh uh I mean and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the you know um well well well well like so 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match I mean so you know so like uh uh um will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is the world's largest retail property group by well you know like you know um well so you know equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a okay okay I mean like okay uh well I mean Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered I mean um well I mean well you know okay uh by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic you know okay well so I mean um so you know Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use um well you know well um well like um of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, and uh you know so you know okay okay you know like in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot so you know okay well um okay um I mean on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second so well uh um uh okay so like US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed like uh okay um uh well I mean well it as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October like I mean I mean um so uh so well 2007 but he now works for Human Rights well uh so I mean like like I mean I mean Watch in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities um well um you know uh I mean okay I mean located at a maximum distance of you know like well um um well uh like from the city, and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male so like you know I mean okay well uh um prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it okay okay you know okay like um I mean uh is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center okay uh well so you know like uh like of the seaport town of Cherchell in you know um well uh well uh um well Algeria's Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what so I mean um well well you know okay so are widely considered to be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser I mean so well I mean well you know um like importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, um well uh you know so so um um Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, um okay um okay so so well um kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda get married in okay well so uh well well well okay Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 so um so well um you know um like explained to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational um okay okay so you know so uh well institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James well like so I mean uh I mean well well Perry is one such scholar whose research reveals I mean you know okay okay so okay well I mean that public servants tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and so I mean I mean like um well I mean uh thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly uh you know you know so uh well so I mean predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time well you know okay well um you know so well when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly 600 you know uh I mean okay okay I mean um you know casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd okay well well well well you know well like was reduced to the size of a single um I mean like okay you know like well okay company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling at uh I mean okay well okay okay like like a terminal station, the train may not continue in uh you know so so like okay well you know a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme you know I mean like you know uh um I mean okay pepsin and determined that it was a protein and in 1938 like I mean okay like like like you know like he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small virus okay um like I mean okay uh I mean you know that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to legend, William II de Soules, who I mean well you know um well uh uh well was lord of Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive you know uh you know you know so okay uh you know by his tenants at the site in 1320 in like you know I mean I mean uh um well you know a cauldron suspended from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately you know you know you know like uh well well you know 6 %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around uh um I mean like uh I mean well well 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and Neopagan sources you know uh so so well okay so like reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, a precedent that is on all fours um so so okay you know well um you know with the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May well like you know I mean well I mean I mean I mean 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has you know I mean like well you know like well uh been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article without sources, uh uh well so I mean um okay so please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his well uh uh uh I mean like like well first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had you know you know so you know okay well well you know angered the Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic um I mean so okay um um like uh Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a I mean like you know um you know uh so uh young age, Copley played his junior rugby league for you know okay you know well um uh you know you know the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill um okay so so I mean you know I mean um of Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, uh I mean I mean so you know like you know okay overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station um you know well okay uh you know you know I mean as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across uh okay uh okay well like like like operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs to well well so so um I mean well I mean be checked before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), following I mean uh um okay so I mean I mean you know it up with 'City of God' (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), you know okay um so um well okay well the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of Belgrade lasted for I mean like like well so um uh well three days, other sources state the air battle uh uh I mean okay I mean well like well over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard you know well you know um um well like well 40 foot container, but if the rail line has been built I mean well well well you know uh you know um with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack car well uh well well so like uh well can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league also said there would be television coverage um I mean you know uh like you know um um of its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, okay so you know I mean okay so like like France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle you know so you know well I mean like okay okay East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per like well okay like like okay you know okay second to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising okay I mean um so so well so well them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in like like well I mean um you know okay like several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, including efforts I mean uh like okay uh um so uh to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering in I mean um um okay so like so so Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic well so okay you know uh so like um tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode was a watershed moment in the labor okay you know I mean uh you know like so so movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as the go okay okay so you know uh I mean you know okay to person for comment on issues concerning the Muslim okay like uh uh so well you know I mean community even though he has no official standing I mean so well you know okay like you know I mean within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on I mean okay well like you know I mean uh so several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, like I mean well well um okay well so and within two hours the mob was moving about so like I mean uh okay uh I mean okay the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and well um like so okay um um um have on several occasions read the comments made on um so I mean like I mean uh well I mean it; the character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore so well uh um so uh okay uh etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, you know I mean I mean you know you know like uh okay especially Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa uh uh um okay you know well so um and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's I mean um well I mean you know uh okay I mean Coming to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being you know well uh uh uh well I mean uh taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at her 12305 okay um you know you know well okay um okay Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of a top - so well well okay like I mean I mean um billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the like you know okay well I mean uh I mean uh University of Lausanne and when he returns well okay okay um so okay you know so with much fanfare after the course, it is revealed like well so like okay you know um uh that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm well you know um okay okay like you know well of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - so you know um like I mean um uh I mean houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the Flora I mean okay so um okay so like you know Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the story continue you know so you know um I mean like so so she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, you know like well I mean um so you know like Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, like like okay well well so you know okay and was given the key to his legitimate hometown of um like well um um so uh I mean Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank remains locally owned and operated in well so um okay so like okay okay Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in a result that far exceeded the most um you know uh well uh so okay okay optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the city, in well you know okay um um I mean um well most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free and open like you know I mean uh you know you know you know like source initiative to provide an enterprise scale solution to managing I mean like okay um you know well okay like the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means that the energy requirement and the use of primary I mean you know like uh like I mean uh so energy can be considered the same, which is not okay um well okay well um um uh the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which well well you know so like like well okay are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was a journalist with the Nine Network there um like like um um well uh um before joining the ABC and is a um I mean okay you know well I mean uh you know graduate of Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted architect I mean I mean like uh uh well so you know Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy (1823 okay so so you know I mean you know you know like -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit next uh well uh you know uh well like I mean door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the well like uh well you know well I mean I mean minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, I mean uh so I mean well you know so you know and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh um okay well you know um like uh um as a Group 3 race in 2002, and it so you know well um uh well so um has been upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named after so so so so like I mean so well Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded so um I mean like uh well you know you know as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 1917) okay you know you know um so well um okay was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil um I mean so um so like like um War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car um I mean uh like so um um so designed by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 Formula uh well um like I mean uh well so One season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, okay you know well so so well uh you know who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves the okay um like um okay you know you know okay boy, who ultimately exiles the king who ends up you know so um I mean like I mean so well in a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall so um you know you know so well well uh of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 like uh like so so okay okay you know in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal well like I mean uh uh uh well um in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging well so so uh you know well you know uh freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression um um so um uh um like uh -- making all students wear the same clothes or you know so uh I mean well okay uh uh limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in I mean you know uh you know uh I mean well um the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and okay well so like um okay like well received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a like uh I mean I mean like I mean okay okay Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State well I mean you know I mean um okay you know so University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in well well uh I mean I mean um okay I mean Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album well um I mean I mean well okay like you know 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well I mean you know like you know um so well like as a number of various artist compilations, including the so well um you know like I mean so so City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right okay you know um like uh I mean uh like - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of uh um okay okay so uh so uh Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 well well so uh um okay uh um plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New I mean so okay I mean um well like I mean York) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged as like I mean um so so like I mean okay a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as um okay well so uh um uh so he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and instead you know um like uh um um um okay advocated looking to the original works, his school is considered okay I mean I mean I mean you know so so well part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was a controlling and abusive man with many other well well you know I mean so well well you know lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also wear a Loki head and a MF okay so um so so um like uh patch only the club know what those are okay so you know okay so like like you know used for or signify law enforcement theorizes with the okay I mean okay well you know uh um well help of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of Turkish um so so um uh well like um literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he you know you know like well like um you know okay is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same well well um you know so like you know well powers that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, I mean um you know um well well like well Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal project um I mean you know like so okay I mean so by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free like uh uh I mean I mean you know so I mean as an early birthday gift from Kevin to his fans and so so well you know um like well I mean was met with positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern half of the country, on the you know like like you know uh so I mean um other hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong uh like I mean um so well so uh Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered okay you know okay you know so well uh okay Kremer with Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving um so I mean okay okay like uh well a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican okay well I mean so I mean you know uh well Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent of uh uh um well well okay so well Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, an you know well I mean you know well uh well I mean area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems so well like I mean okay you know okay so since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on 6 uh so so like like um well you know March 1856, set sail for England on board the okay well so well so like um you know Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is like uh like I mean okay I mean so I mean unconstitutional because the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority okay I mean so well I mean you know well I mean allowed under the by forcing federal agencies to violate okay um um well I mean okay um like governing statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices on you know you know I mean so uh like um okay Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human body like um uh you know like you know okay so and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; uh you know um uh um you know I mean so the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was also okay um well I mean um uh you know uh being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV uh like okay you know well so um um and UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run you know like um you know you know well uh you know a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the well I mean I mean okay okay uh you know well son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into well okay you know uh I mean uh so you know Iowa, and during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, her photo and byline were running in the 'Bulletin' daily, churning you know like so you know well so you know I mean out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro um uh so you know I mean so okay um Z28 then parks the car in front of the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal was well uh I mean uh well um okay you know granted independence, with only brief periods of English occupation um uh like you know okay you know um you know during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi uh I mean I mean okay so like so okay Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is um okay um like like um um um a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds so I mean uh uh I mean I mean so uh on the existing body of query language issues, many well like you know okay um uh so okay of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, um like like um you know uh uh uh for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and I mean you know you know so uh okay um well kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, 1801 -- like okay so I mean so uh so well 27 January, 1834) was the only son of Thomas Lyon um like okay I mean well so like I mean - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band The I mean okay you know like I mean uh you know um Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city you know so uh I mean like uh well well of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian team won all nine games played in the you know uh I mean okay so well so like tournament and became the first nation from I mean I mean um well well um like you know America and only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic off - grid market has been you know so so uh like uh you know you know researched by international institutes, universities and market research companies, uh I mean I mean well you know well you know okay it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it I mean okay uh you know I mean you know uh you know first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent years people using maphacks having to with uh well um uh like okay I mean like Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating and well I mean I mean uh okay well uh um have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is located in the old part of so you know you know um you know uh um um the capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in well um okay um like you know um you know the history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is okay I mean uh like you know okay so I mean the Member of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic in the well like I mean so uh so I mean you know Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) um I mean you know like like you know okay I mean was the petitioner in one of the best known habeas um okay I mean well like okay so well corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia you know you know I mean uh I mean so um uh officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the R13, you know well like so I mean well like uh R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance services, branch so uh so um like um you know so off to Estació de França, so that the R2 I mean like I mean I mean I mean so I mean you know only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids like I mean you know uh um well um I mean off plants and thus kills them from the impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent that she you know so so you know like well you know like lacked a campaign message, outside of her 'love for uh you know like I mean you know so like well Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to um like okay uh okay well I mean uh flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning hiding I mean okay well well so um okay you know in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in Laurens um you know well um uh uh well like County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November 9, 2011, the band went on their okay I mean uh like so I mean well I mean first tour arranged by new label Fearless Records - okay you know like so so so um well the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, so you know um I mean uh so I mean so 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of South so you know uh well well so well I mean Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North West you know like like well well you know uh uh England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was involved in a number of activities at well well well I mean I mean um okay like Duke and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song you know okay um like um well you know like towards the two parents: a version for the uh well well you know well well you know um mother and one for the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security Archive, okay I mean well like um um like you know CORU was created to unify five different Cuban exile groups, well well you know um I mean I mean uh I mean at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis you know um you know like like you know like I mean following German invasion of Poland and was not to so uh I mean I mean uh I mean like I mean be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched a you know like you know um so so okay uh plan to make her move in with him, which I mean I mean well you know um uh okay okay worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold Pinter I mean okay uh okay like uh you know uh stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing so I mean you know like so you know so um same - sex couples to jointly petition for well okay uh um okay okay you know I mean adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared well so okay so like you know like um guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is a like like uh you know um um um okay retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons well uh I mean okay well okay like um with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey um like okay well so okay I mean well League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 I mean um well um I mean I mean well um March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored a total of seven league goals in the you know okay so uh you know I mean uh well 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the number okay um um um so well you know like of games he played for both Charlton and so like you know you know uh okay so well China, he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put so well I mean so okay well uh so into action due to limitations in funds and the uh okay um you know uh uh I mean okay belief that the tides of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, so you know like I mean like so I mean uh and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on okay so you know I mean like uh uh you know online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with uh you know um like um okay like uh the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel like I mean like okay you know like uh so or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song okay I mean like you know so you know I mean I mean in memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department of Labor had taken no action on you know I mean well okay you know so well uh Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, Labor I mean well like I mean okay okay well so Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when well okay I mean like you know like uh uh he sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and um like you know well so well well well tells the camera that his mother has never wanted to uh well I mean you know you know I mean I mean uh sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator was in the nose between the engine I mean well you know like well I mean so okay and propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are you know like you know okay like so like well a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly well I mean well um I mean um well uh in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, uh uh uh okay well like um okay England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time well well okay I mean okay uh um I mean along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left you know well you know um so uh uh well arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and okay well you know I mean I mean um okay I mean refused to stop at the referee's five count, so you know I mean I mean well you know um um so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its okay like you know you know like so you know I mean first hearing in 100 years, took place at the Golders um uh so so I mean like you know so Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this um um well well um uh well uh production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named um well like you know like I mean like okay Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe um okay I mean I mean so okay so okay Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions like you know like you know uh uh so well football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno friends I mean um so okay like um I mean so and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the skin like okay so I mean um well okay so and injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet and after well uh well um you know so well so spending one and a half years in Kalimpong he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, uh you know like like um uh like um provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly um so um um okay well so well greater than the coupling coefficient, then much of the I mean um um okay well uh you know uh power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum) represents you know uh like so okay um uh I mean the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only so I mean uh you know well like so I mean to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over so you know um I mean you know so like so 7 minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, uh okay I mean uh like like I mean you know it was considered a possibility that Soro would be so like so uh I mean okay uh you know named prime minister in a new government, and Gbagbo you know so uh you know um uh um I mean was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to um well like I mean you know well I mean so sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly okay um so uh I mean like uh well of Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern um I mean okay uh so so I mean uh Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will so um okay I mean well I mean uh I mean be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became I mean okay okay so okay okay well um Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest um like so so well like so so Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and uh like um uh like you know okay uh then cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and okay like well so uh you know uh okay equipments worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to okay like well well like like um um her home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in um well uh um well uh okay you know this process, and to this end, the 51st Division was I mean um you know I mean so you know you know you know transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company so uh I mean okay well I mean well like that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus so like you know you know so like I mean okay using plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and okay okay well uh so um like um Magic, was given the role, and digitally added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon I mean so like I mean well you know I mean like that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is best known for his leading role in like you know well so uh uh like I mean the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in so well I mean uh uh well like so 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands um okay um okay um you know okay well for him to relinquish control of the uh okay um okay uh so like you know company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and okay uh you know like like you know okay um offices are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in the I mean um so okay um you know so so business to David Thompson who began Owen Owens expansion um uh you know uh so I mean okay well they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted Merchant like um um you know so uh I mean okay Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, you know you know like um you know you know I mean uh and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity of the song made the I mean uh you know like okay so um um group to appear on MTV's 'TRL' in the U like well um um like so I mean like. S. Early 2001 and the song was added um you know I mean I mean you know um well okay to the track list of the U. S uh okay okay uh well well um I mean. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for example, like okay you know you know so like you know uh many criminals display this type of selfish behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has also fielded trucks part - time for okay so well okay um okay I mean okay himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake like like well I mean uh uh uh I mean for the town of Broken Hill, western so so okay so uh you know uh so New South Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a burlesque okay okay like well well so well you know star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's uh well you know so so um you know so relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, um you know you know um uh um so like patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana Boy', which you know well so um um like I mean um was published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana Boy' by uh well I mean um like like I mean like Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was um okay okay you know like okay so okay the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the years its name was changed many times mostly I mean well you know I mean uh uh you know I mean because of the regime change in the country, for example, I mean so okay okay you know I mean I mean you know when Latvia was a part of the USSR it you know so well so okay you know so you know was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish uh well um I mean like okay okay um pilot and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to many key players being injured in the uh so uh so you know I mean well well 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team well I mean okay like you know uh uh okay for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', you know okay uh you know I mean okay well okay and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on you know well so well um you know uh okay wine jugs which are connected with the spring festival I mean uh like well so you know you know okay the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played there well like well like you know well um I mean until 1943 after which he played for several other like okay like well okay I mean you know like clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had you know I mean so so so so so I mean never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line so so so you know I mean well well well and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for like uh so okay like well well uh the principles of American conservatism - although it promotes uh like I mean you know uh uh okay um small government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous you know so okay I mean well I mean so you know action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large um okay uh well okay so like well numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary well uh like um so so um um vanguard elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated a I mean I mean I mean well okay um okay like proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 okay so I mean well I mean well I mean okay book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors like you know you know um like so I mean um examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation well I mean so um um well uh uh hub located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and like you know like you know okay you know um like Broadway in Camden, New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway uh uh okay okay well well um like Station of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the International Marine like I mean so well you know um okay okay Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after his father you know so I mean um like I mean um like died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated I mean you know uh like um um uh uh him to the Defense Council but the Quaid I mean so uh okay okay uh so I mean - i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - like so I mean so you know okay I mean I mean language release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to fly, so so well I mean like uh like I mean which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, I mean um I mean uh you know so like well but by who? , tom shows his sisters who can like uh so so uh um I mean uh not help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from so um uh you know uh so you know well work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in I mean I mean like okay like uh like I mean 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the um well okay like well um well well main square in Zlin by thousands of people well so you know um like you know uh like cheering him and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and uh you know um um like uh you know I mean / or disinfect that are less damaging to the um uh I mean okay uh I mean like so environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender you know uh uh okay well well you know you know in the 2000s following the drafting of several players, among you know okay like uh I mean like well so them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, okay I mean uh uh okay so like uh who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands of the Philippines are inhabited um like you know you know um uh like well by a number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- you know well okay um uh okay um well 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom so um like uh uh I mean I mean uh of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First you know okay okay okay you know uh um like World War the city became part of the like like well um um um well okay newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, originally consisting uh uh um uh um I mean I mean so of a triptych, and the central part of so I mean I mean um well um well um it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis like okay uh I mean um you know okay um G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness area in okay so uh like you know um I mean like New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress has decided um uh well uh uh you know uh so that abortion is legal until the soul enters the body, which so okay um um uh uh well so is specified as the moment a person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the so I mean uh well well um like okay mile long leat which dates from 1493 along with some I mean like I mean you know well um you know uh meadows were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, where so well okay okay I mean I mean um okay he was a three - year starter and played multiple um so uh I mean um I mean okay um positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, McGee you know so like like um okay you know okay came in to replace the injured Kitna, and made his I mean so so so you know uh you know I mean first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game um well uh well okay well uh you know with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and you know you know like well so uh uh okay graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved so you know so so I mean so okay um to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves so uh um um like like like well ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same so well you know you know uh so you know well year. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 to you know okay well uh you know um you know okay 1957, training in Nevada and California and eventually piloting bombers in I mean so well okay so well okay okay the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky uh um okay um so well well well and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts as like okay okay um okay um like like Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell uh okay I mean okay uh so so like that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, okay okay I mean like like uh okay um as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which okay okay uh so um so well um she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it is no longer possible to find the um like well uh I mean so like um old maps in the secret archives, and even those which Xiao okay I mean I mean okay like I mean uh you know He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan so well you know um like uh well like interviewed a series of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan contacted you know I mean uh uh uh okay um okay Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at the charity's I mean okay okay okay um okay okay well Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his contributions you know so you know so so I mean well uh to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class to class, you know you know you know so I mean well okay like completing regular assignments, they participate in quests, aimed I mean like like um I mean um I mean I mean at solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory well okay um uh like so uh um as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any okay so okay I mean well you know uh well surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the well well like well you know um you know well Younger was a brother of the apostle okay uh um well uh um um well Matthew and the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the company okay well I mean well like like like um was under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of like well I mean uh okay uh um I mean 15 separate states for suspected targeting of military veterans with well uh uh uh okay well so you know deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's well like you know like uh well okay um Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the like um um well uh well okay um French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr. I you know so you know okay I mean okay okay uh. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort to um um so okay I mean I mean well well obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and established rocket okay like well you know so okay so you know manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional Australian like uh I mean okay okay uh like well cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket for well like um you know so you know I mean okay the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform well uh okay uh like uh well like campaign centered around EDM that includes digital content, well so like like okay like um you know advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its like well uh like so so uh like MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went on to play 66 games and kick so I mean you know uh um okay okay uh 80 goals for the Bulldogs before he played his you know like so um well um well okay last game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town well um you know um uh I mean um I mean in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari I mean well you know I mean uh like like well on loan for the season, with Bari having the so I mean okay um you know okay I mean like option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th uh so you know so you know you know I mean okay Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the well uh uh I mean okay uh so I mean run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal like uh you know well like like uh well (CP); the three Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for uh well uh I mean like um so okay the line in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of um okay so so you know so um like her responsibilities; she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable controversy like you know uh uh you know well so I mean over the colour of the Australian flags used at the 1927 opening you know well you know um so uh I mean I mean of provisional parliament house in Canberra, where a lithograph by an you know um like so uh okay you know like unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined the Conservative party very young; and on um you know well okay you know so uh so October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime well you know I mean so I mean um uh okay titled Exit 19, revolving around a single mother like like you know you know okay well so so who struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI um uh well um well um um uh requesting to be released from the priesthood, you know okay so okay so you know um well in which he admitted molesting children across five states; the Pope granted you know um well I mean okay I mean uh um his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is you know you know okay um so you know um like not equivalent to the distance in normal space; two star so well um well I mean okay well um systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar so so like uh okay well you know I mean Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino well I mean uh so like I mean I mean well Elegies' and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal uh you know like like like like like um Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar okay I mean you know like uh well so uh drafted a petition containing similar language to the convention uh okay you know okay well okay um well resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the game, they are seen walking in the um okay like um you know okay you know uh car park, and as one of them attempts to unlock the uh like you know I mean I mean I mean um well door with his key, they hear a strange you know okay like so so you know I mean like noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially had no musical background, he taught himself you know well um um you know well well um by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two okay you know well I mean I mean you know like so have been related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World Cup okay you know well you know um I mean well okay and starring well - known football players from national teams uh like uh like I mean uh um you know and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' - I mean uh I mean well you know okay um so taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations station is well - served by buses well okay I mean you know well so I mean uh and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby routes, like like like like uh you know you know like taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by okay you know well I mean okay so so okay a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by okay I mean uh so so well you know uh the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well as on uh uh so um okay like I mean um an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for I mean I mean like well uh well um well pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First so I mean um um okay like so well Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami uh okay um well I mean I mean uh so People', lit. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) so you know uh you know uh well I mean so was originally a poem written by Isak Saba um I mean okay well um okay well um that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers you know you know you know I mean you know okay uh like University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to well okay so so um I mean uh uh put to paper a series of captivating, colorful so you know um uh uh okay okay so stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the so okay so well okay um uh well founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half okay okay like um I mean well so uh - brother and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin well uh well you know okay so uh so Laden), he acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the you know um okay uh um okay you know I mean Iranian government's English - language TV channel until December well so like you know so so well um 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by you know I mean okay uh you know um well you know the breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do uh so like like uh like like so not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an like so well okay you know well okay you know British TV chef and actor he originally trained as a um like okay well I mean well I mean um chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara era like so uh I mean like okay okay you know is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in um I mean um you know I mean you know like you know Pinar del Río Province and profits were initially robust enough I mean so like you know okay uh uh um that Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to like I mean I mean uh I mean like well okay the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more you know like like well like I mean um so crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away hunting like so you know well so okay okay uh for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal town of you know okay like okay you know I mean well you know St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul can not bring himself to kill so you know like I mean I mean you know you know well his friend and instead joins forces with Yash um well I mean okay okay um I mean uh to execute a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has like so I mean um uh well so I mean been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, I mean you know okay uh okay I mean like like because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening I mean so uh okay like um so well and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater so I mean like okay like well I mean so than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft so like I mean so I mean you know so I mean of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep okay okay like uh well well uh um waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, the well so uh um like like uh so wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were channel so well okay okay uh uh I mean you know eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of I mean uh like so okay like like you know the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the you know well like so uh you know um uh Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and was um like so I mean like so um you know ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 1981, for uh I mean you know well you know I mean uh uh the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as I mean I mean like you know well so well okay her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of his career in Montreal, compiling like so I mean um well well you know well a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize for um okay you know you know uh I mean okay like the longest flight from England to the Continent in well uh well I mean uh well so uh a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking water well like um um like you know so you know from the reservoir to use for m mayor William uh like I mean like well you know so okay Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, Jr um I mean well um like you know okay um. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB in um um like um you know uh so you know Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to I mean well okay like so uh so okay the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with okay like okay well you know well I mean okay the Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - okay like um well you know well so like 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more than you know okay uh well um um um okay minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy so um like like um so okay you know is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and so um well uh I mean uh well well the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's I mean uh um okay well so okay like death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and kelly um like so uh okay okay I mean so Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the you know like so you know you know like um like John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the special well okay um I mean so you know like well collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services uh you know well so okay well okay you know level with about half the firefighters being Certified First well well okay okay I mean I mean so okay Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, I mean okay um you know um well uh okay and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment um so well well I mean um so you know around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with so like I mean um okay you know uh well piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the value of the cowry was very much greater uh um uh I mean like uh uh you know in West Africa than in the regions from which you know um so I mean you know I mean um I mean the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and uh so like okay well okay I mean um in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South I mean um I mean uh well like I mean uh and has helped the school reach academic excellence over you know I mean okay um like uh you know I mean the other two high schools in the district as you know well so like I mean so you know okay seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to okay okay um so like um I mean I mean die for killing Tara or Katrina, but she and Xander uh um um well so like uh so agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium um so well like you know you know um um in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat well okay so uh you know uh um I mean when the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek I mean well you know well I mean you know um like re-election and won by a 16 % margin of victory well okay I mean well uh well like you know in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has worked with popular hip - uh you know well well okay okay well you know hop artists such as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and okay okay okay uh so well um okay is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her ninth or tenth year she was okay you know so uh um you know okay you know sent with her siblings to complete her education in well so well well uh like you know okay Leiden, The Netherlands, where was taught classic and I mean uh okay uh um um uh like modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote like okay you know you know well you know um like the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was okay you know so I mean you know you know um um a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), I mean okay okay like well okay okay um known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove I mean uh well like you know okay okay uh himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; you know um uh well okay okay I mean uh their wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the station has only significance for the regional well okay I mean I mean well okay well you know traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this um so um well uh uh okay you know is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with okay you know you know well well okay well I mean a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a well like you know uh um okay uh you know plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain uh I mean like um like so um so environments to test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, okay like well um okay well um I mean which makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian uh you know well uh like uh like I mean Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the um okay okay so uh okay well okay single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men and commanders were more experienced, and his you know so okay like um um so like tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and so so so okay like well uh well intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to like like um uh like uh like you know the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range okay okay you know um you know like I mean um and the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above so you know um I mean so I mean you know okay Nephi, Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, well like okay like like so okay uh such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler like I mean um um like so um well from the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce like I mean you know I mean uh well you know well and none of which lasted more than three years, okay uh um like like so so well she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written okay um like um uh you know okay uh by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the uh uh uh okay like okay like um group released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage so like like uh I mean um well okay to various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast Japan, and I mean um so well like like so um Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king Savant Singh was a poet also and um um like so um okay um okay he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as so well you know I mean you know so you know I mean well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which I mean you know I mean I mean I mean I mean um well worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the American lifestyle well I mean um um so like I mean like to millions of Chinese viewers and her role on 'Hello Hollywood' like you know um um so so you know uh from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no so I mean I mean I mean um so um um longer accepting GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the uh uh I mean like you know like like um flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 uh I mean uh like uh I mean well like have been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a uh you know okay um okay so okay uh Charlotte Road in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the um you know uh so um uh like like artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, so well like I mean you know so um um the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left school at 16 and drifted through various well I mean um you know so um like you know jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and like like uh like I mean I mean I mean uh theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red Ladder well um so so so okay um you know Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no well um like um um I mean um you know change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have been so well uh okay I mean like like I mean more pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' than any okay I mean uh okay well um like so other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 to 21, 1996, you know um um okay you know so well you know devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the University of like you know um so well you know you know like Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing at the okay well I mean so well okay you know so New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first film, I mean um you know well like uh like you know ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season of I mean uh I mean I mean okay like so you know 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in uh uh uh well you know uh you know so Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first of kind in like so like well well well like like the country. The book in this area is two volumes uh you know okay okay so okay uh well published with the co operation of 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather um okay you know so uh well uh well who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again so okay um so so I mean um okay and as the Ambassador was about to do the same, okay you know well like um uh well you know Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for I mean uh you know like I mean uh okay well a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is that like well well well I mean uh I mean uh Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from China's well I mean well like um I mean well like Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt was suppressed okay so uh okay okay um you know uh by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield at Duxford is now home to a large so uh uh you know uh I mean I mean I mean number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national importance, as well I mean um okay um well you know okay was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the Toms like you know I mean well I mean well okay like River Regional Schools, a regional public school system uh like like like okay so uh um primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since uh like like well I mean uh like well the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the okay so okay um uh uh like I mean year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the you know I mean so I mean well uh so like city and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil to um like you know so well so like I mean have won a national title - the 1973 Torneio do um uh you know uh so well I mean well Povo and to have competed in the two well you know I mean okay I mean so okay um main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in well so so um I mean um like so this sense -- in humans, there are believed to be um like well okay well I mean you know I mean none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly so so uh okay I mean so uh um memorable to fans, due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher was um um um you know so so like like unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel and tour uh well you know well uh okay well I mean schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river 67km so so uh I mean uh uh so well northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km southwest of Kadoma you know um uh like uh well you know I mean by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly you know um uh I mean so uh so okay monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was uh well you know I mean so you know okay so captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from Louisville you know so um okay so like um um to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the Lebanese well I mean okay um um uh um you know National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; um um you know like well uh like well the latter she got in 2012 after a uh uh well uh like you know I mean well bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson took well so like okay so well um um 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, uh you know well um so um you know like and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl like okay like so uh well okay uh out their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former uh uh okay uh okay well so like track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the future domestic airports okay so well you know well you know so well in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt um uh uh you know you know okay you know uh and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county okay you know like um you know okay so well has a total area of, of which is okay um so okay uh I mean I mean like land and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county I mean I mean okay I mean so um well well is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A well um like uh like okay like so Lesson in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple uh you know uh so so uh well so who venture out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are okay you know um I mean like uh you know well Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and um I mean okay like so like so I mean is considered an above - average skater he also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best strategy is also to keep a four okay so you know you know so okay you know I mean - of - a - kind and try I mean you know so you know uh well so I mean to throw a Yahtzee, even after the first throw um okay uh well so like you know like. The player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone well like you know like uh so so um that he will kill anyone who comes to find him um okay I mean you know you know well so um before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they well uh well like uh you know you know like were regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige having chosen you know okay you know I mean like so uh um to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance um like so okay um I mean like you know château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and like you know uh um uh like well okay internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located like I mean like well so you know I mean okay in Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve as much uh well okay like well you know uh so as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants and landowners; okay um okay so um uh okay um the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign of Naas' and carried okay uh you know well you know so like okay a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter of like okay well so you know like um I mean the Union of Clare Students which was padded out with well like I mean um okay like you know I mean comedy articles, and gradually turned into a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium okay so you know so uh like um well cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 uh well you know uh well well well so +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), and automatic um like okay um uh uh I mean um downstep, where a H following a L is always pronounced on um you know well like uh like so um a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in West Africa, okay okay okay well so well um okay which involved the pledge of a person ( or uh okay you know okay um um okay like a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present a like I mean I mean okay um you know you know um different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that they um like okay um I mean well I mean well are now more intelligent and can speak. They take lana okay like I mean I mean uh um like uh to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for the Lightning um um uh like you know like uh well to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, which has since I mean well you know well uh um um okay changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account I mean you know so you know well um well like that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the sighting until so uh well well like uh okay you know after they had landed and even had tea; this like so okay well you know like like okay claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated um like you know so um I mean so you know were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, like like you know okay okay well uh okay before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal so um okay you know uh I mean you know you know Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical so I mean you know I mean like you know you know you know manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 um you know uh I mean like okay uh so meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the war of succession like okay I mean um you know okay uh you know and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the uh well like um like well you know like king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the Sunday, the okay uh you know uh like well so like Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, you know um uh like like like okay okay and you can knock when it's your turn with 7 uh I mean like uh uh uh well um or less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the um okay uh um okay okay uh you know current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles um well okay like uh so like you know. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and you know I mean uh like um you know I mean um Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; well I mean so well um uh like you know he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from so I mean well I mean so uh um I mean the institute had collaborated with Laine on information by for well okay you know you know uh like I mean you know his the book about the founder of the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, like well I mean you know I mean I mean okay um which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell of I mean you know like like like so well you know apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was okay uh like like uh like well you know the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to I mean uh so like um you know I mean um 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after well like well so okay so um well an Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian I mean you know uh like uh I mean you know I mean Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days so like okay so uh I mean you know like of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York you know okay you know well okay I mean so um Telephone before he was elected to the New York State Assembly okay okay you know okay well okay um okay to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in you know uh um so um well you know you know 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line well so okay okay okay like I mean um with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; like um um well uh I mean uh you know the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another you know like uh uh so you know um uh explanation for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative uh uh um well um I mean okay like antibody tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies uh so well okay um well um like have shown that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow so I mean like um like like I mean uh and South Western Railway, but other companies made little use okay well so um so um like okay of it; however the general goods terminal at College became um you know well I mean I mean um uh like important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute throws down a rope to allow him so uh I mean so um like so you know to escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite in the live okay like well um I mean well like okay set - we shot the video last week and okay like okay so so okay uh like invited a bunch of our friends and fans down to so uh um uh um you know you know so be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division I mean okay I mean uh you know you know you know well ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, like uh um so like okay I mean you know carrying out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam uh well okay so okay you know like like Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international relations okay well like you know like okay well okay and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin uh I mean so I mean I mean uh well so Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which um like like I mean okay so well well stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group 18, uh like um okay okay like so so holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later uh uh you know so well so uh well After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) well okay well uh well well so well and spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst you know you know well you know well okay you know well other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard like so so you know uh okay okay um Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during his like like so uh you know uh I mean I mean 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, okay okay okay um um okay so uh died 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, you know you know uh okay uh okay uh um a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose like uh okay I mean so well you know okay ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed you know well uh okay like uh so so by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch and the so like well um uh I mean like well first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the like so so okay like like okay um NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from okay uh uh um you know um I mean um an inorganic acid or organic acid in okay well like uh well um like like which at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has been designated as a Site okay okay like okay you know I mean you know um of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) um like like okay well you know okay um is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between like um um I mean um okay um you know those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC okay well I mean okay like um well well as a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent I mean so um I mean I mean like like I mean towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on 30 you know I mean you know you know so uh okay well November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 to you know like you know you know you know like um you know a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications on uh you know uh um okay like you know well behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership I mean like so well so so well I mean of the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on the FX network so so well so like okay I mean okay as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won a well like so um okay uh I mean like silver medal at the Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, um you know so um um so well so and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest company okay you know um well uh okay like I mean by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every you know so so you know like uh you know uh other product in the roofing market, so it okay uh well I mean you know uh um well is fitting that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication (sintering) so like uh like well okay well um technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often confused with the okay so I mean so like I mean okay um similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic like you know so um um I mean I mean well language, and refers to the spears (there is a better, you know okay uh okay like I mean I mean uh liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had a half - sister and I mean I mean uh uh so I mean you know I mean three half - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant okay uh uh like I mean like like okay coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he you know so well okay okay uh like like was heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, okay um you know um uh you know so you know India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American actor so uh okay um uh I mean I mean like best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical uh um uh so well so um so family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest so so uh so um you know uh so of the three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer I mean uh um uh I mean well um well and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was elected as a Fellow of the you know you know um um so okay uh like American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was okay okay you know so well so so okay president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician well okay you know so um well um well and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married Mary, the daughter of James you know like so so okay so like well Atkinson of Newcastle and his eldest son, James okay like so well like so okay um Henry Hollis Bradford, later changed his surname to I mean um okay uh well so I mean um Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the premiere okay I mean well like like um uh like of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from okay you know okay um I mean uh uh you know all around the world though the vast majority are Arab I mean well I mean so uh well so okay / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one okay like uh okay you know okay okay like who gets into school, going from grade 1 so I mean um uh well um um well - 7 with students then expected to pass the you know okay I mean so so so uh um exams set by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was marked for um um uh I mean you know well okay um life by the horrors of the Revolution when in 1793 I mean you know um you know so well you know okay the city's royalist revolt against the authority of the revolutionary like so um so um I mean I mean you know Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota so well like well like uh so like places, six in men's events and seven in women's events, um um um um okay well uh like based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira uh you know uh well I mean okay you know you know college, until his retirement in 1948, which is okay I mean so you know you know um so um generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which okay so okay well okay I mean so um grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by you know okay well okay okay um uh so Whitney Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the I mean um like okay I mean well well okay Frenchmen launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed well I mean uh okay uh so I mean like on a surface - the STM image may appear okay so uh you know you know I mean I mean you know to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and many like okay uh you know okay uh uh so of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage uh like um uh okay well okay um the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) um like um well um uh like well was an Australian politician who was a member of okay so um um um well I mean like the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to that okay you know uh well you know I mean you know okay of Jan Be, who is also known for his so uh well so okay like um uh witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with uh okay okay so you know I mean you know uh the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, F like uh like um I mean um I mean um − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 1369 like I mean so so okay I mean um like Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry of so um I mean I mean uh okay okay well Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said you know um you know well um well uh like that she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, so so like so uh uh I mean well Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, in May I mean so um you know like I mean you know like 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university you know well I mean well so uh um well of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from like um you know like okay uh um okay the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation from Samsara, you know so uh so uh um um you know the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining uh I mean so I mean okay I mean okay like engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted in I mean so um um um so I mean I mean artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first action was to move against the barbarian tribes so um well so so you know well you know that had been gathered by Aurelian for his Eastern um so okay um uh okay you know you know campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and um well you know I mean I mean so so you know some prose. Many og the writings were of high quality like uh like uh okay so um well and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used at um uh so like I mean so so okay Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and I mean well well like so well so you know in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer so uh well okay you know um well you know and musician of Commodore 64 games, during the so okay you know you know like okay you know like 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he okay um well well okay I mean you know like is shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, a parapsychologist well well you know well well uh I mean like (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought to like well like okay you know like um uh Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in its own you know okay okay um well uh so um right begins in the 6th century BC with the well like so like you know like um like Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were rumours of a few scenes of love between Alauddin uh well um so you know I mean well I mean and Padmini in this film, which led to protests from a um I mean okay okay I mean so like like Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on you know so um you know like um um you know San Juan Hill began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly I mean you know so uh so okay um so won position on the summit, using both small you know so well like like like uh you know arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served as Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 uh so um well well like uh like to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to like um okay so you know well okay like 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy game so uh I mean um uh okay I mean okay where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian police uh so so okay I mean okay well okay force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II of Spain after you know uh um so well okay I mean um the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents like okay uh I mean um okay well well formally laid down their arms and received monetary compensation from okay I mean uh um well like well like the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move well so okay uh you know well well so to Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay well so you know you know um uh well uh ended his contract with the Belgian club at the okay uh well uh I mean so okay like end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated I mean okay well okay you know okay you know I mean with the 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard you know uh well so okay I mean um so which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, uh like I mean well well um like like he returned to New York in 1953 and started like I mean okay like I mean like so uh writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a different I mean okay well um okay I mean uh so reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, um well you know you know I mean you know uh well released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard um um I mean so um uh like I mean of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less I mean so well um well so okay uh than a duel and so beat him so well so I mean uh um uh you know senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being called Johnny I mean so okay okay you know I mean you know so Devine as well as betraying his fellow X Division stars and I mean you know well I mean well well well so accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and you know I mean well like okay you know I mean well served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end okay I mean so you know you know uh like um of the period of secondary education and students who qualify uh like I mean okay um so like um are allowed to pursue a two - year pre-university like uh well I mean uh okay I mean I mean course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' um I mean like you know so I mean well okay Jim Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member you know well well so I mean uh well like of the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as you know okay like you know okay okay okay so a registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of well okay like like okay like like you know Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table I mean you know um like so like you know like - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods of um so like um you know well well okay time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary you know okay I mean um well I mean I mean you know Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he um well I mean so like so so uh took part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one um uh uh okay well um like um of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' uh okay you know I mean well like like um if the song is notably about Portland, although the song um I mean like so uh uh I mean so may additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this okay so um um okay well like I mean list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in uh like like so well like well like PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples like well you know okay I mean like you know so in them that have not been cleared, however like I mean like uh so okay uh I mean there is generally no legal recourse because the um I mean like so I mean well um like mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that created the you know so well I mean I mean I mean well like new FM all - sports format and had success you know okay like okay you know well okay you know against WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a better understanding we have to realise that until okay so like well okay you know um okay the mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires in okay I mean okay well I mean uh you know I mean chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of well uh um um like um like like isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving you know well so I mean I mean um well um on to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first so okay I mean okay well okay I mean I mean semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available I mean so well well well so like so with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - you know like uh okay okay um well well litre engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance than like well uh well like well uh uh pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used to go you know so like okay you know uh well okay and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try like okay I mean okay I mean you know um I mean their hands at a ouija board, they don't realize at first so well you know you know um well uh okay that they have summonned a jinn, who can you know like uh like so so uh okay only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity was okay like like like I mean um like you know his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, uh like uh like okay uh well okay he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the IRA no so you know um I mean you know uh so well longer had a Chief of Staff, there was no um I mean so I mean okay like you know um longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, there like uh I mean uh well you know like okay wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw so so you know I mean well I mean like well but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write you know um well um okay um well okay religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh so I mean I mean you know uh um like so Bahadur did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested so well well so so well you know so by Indian academics, was that the material was pulled well like like um uh I mean I mean you know up from the offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at okay uh I mean like I mean um um well a temple in south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact few villagers would step out of their um um well well okay I mean so okay houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it I mean okay uh you know okay well I mean you know would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original member uh like so so uh uh okay um of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought uh okay um uh well you know well well out and found him; he lost his entire fortune and like uh so like like so like well became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess later forgave him for taking her to the I mean okay well uh um so you know you know dragon, but the memory of tying her to the stake, awaiting death okay okay uh okay so okay like I mean with her eyes open and dry, still sometimes so well I mean like okay okay so um disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the you know so uh um you know you know so okay End of the War', was produced by Alex okay like um like well so um uh Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a so I mean so uh well uh so like British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of so so uh well uh okay like well Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various states, you know you know well I mean like you know um uh and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain you know uh well well you know uh so I mean the information from his mother but she never recognises him um uh uh like like so uh so when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest in like uh uh like okay um like uh the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and Stevens I mean like uh uh so you know uh um met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer I mean okay I mean so like okay okay so the world, they do not show much; in a Christmas um like okay so so well well uh special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal okay uh well so well you know okay okay tensions, and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown you know okay um so um I mean you know um for the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag so I mean you know like so so you know okay year the second outing of Eight Women was uh so so like like I mean um um far more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in well I mean I mean okay so um you know uh Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest leaders um um you know so so I mean I mean I mean and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract um um I mean you know um um you know so photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap um well okay I mean uh well uh uh opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the only BMT Broadway service that does um like like okay okay okay well okay not stop here, since it bypasses using the center express you know well um well you know okay I mean so tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the start of the War of Spanish Succession so uh like uh okay like well so Portugal had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, um okay uh well like you know so like The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working like uh like I mean um um um like Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the so so well okay okay um uh uh city of Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, well um like I mean uh like uh like passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching so well well I mean you know well um uh the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately so okay you know I mean so okay I mean well he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence like you know like okay um so I mean I mean service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south you know well okay well um you know okay okay coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly um you know you know um like you know I mean so regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came um so you know um I mean like well I mean into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are several amenities in the village such as so um uh uh well you know well I mean the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, so you know like uh uh so like well Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who like well you know I mean you know okay uh uh made his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as well like um well okay okay okay so 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the you know uh so so okay um uh okay English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be okay okay I mean um um um like uh done in private, but the pagan priests said okay uh so okay you know um like um it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an so you know I mean I mean I mean you know well okay American former Major League Baseball second baseman who played in um well well okay um okay like well two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and well um I mean you know you know uh you know like Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', who okay well okay okay I mean um so you know was missing, put them in the goo as, like um like I mean um so so well well Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish I mean like like like I mean you know so okay colonial authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed um so um I mean well um well so as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was predated okay so uh um uh I mean okay like by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and like you know so um so you know you know you know track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC 109 okay well I mean okay um uh I mean well by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists um um so you know uh well okay like from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, so well so well so like you know okay died February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a I mean okay um like um like um well rock drummer and session musician, best known um uh you know so like well okay like as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their you know like okay okay like well okay uh opener, thus setting the record for most consecutive losses during um I mean um well I mean okay okay you know a single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies um well okay uh okay okay so so (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at the like I mean you know um uh like well I mean forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from I mean uh well like I mean uh I mean like Nashville, Jim found a position at Marvel Comics uh like I mean I mean I mean um uh I mean handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence okay uh um you know so so uh um and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, so uh so uh uh uh um well and was accused of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need so um okay okay okay I mean uh um for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), I mean uh okay I mean okay I mean uh so among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern uh uh uh so okay um uh okay United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- 5 well like you know okay um okay uh like December 1991) was a German naval officer during World War well okay uh I mean so um I mean okay II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album tracks, 'Sodom um you know so okay like I mean well I mean & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run for uh uh like so uh okay like like Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, well well you know um you know like you know well 2017, featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having so so like um okay uh well you know detected no life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent okay okay um you know I mean I mean you know like a number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team uh like um like so um like okay that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 so so you know so you know um you know um due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a um like um so like so so okay Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and editorial well like I mean okay uh I mean you know so board for the database and its network of over 700 like so like um uh so you know so specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld uh well so well um okay like I mean Court, a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south um so um okay well well so well facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 okay like I mean uh I mean like well well. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who watched on um I mean I mean like um okay I mean you know closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden so um um you know you know so uh you know was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team um uh you know you know I mean uh so well title in 24 years despite the fact that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in like well um you know like you know um like English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived you know you know I mean well well you know uh like from onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in I mean okay like I mean um you know um um philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with okay well um uh so so okay um I - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown like okay like I mean I mean you know um uh Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto well you know so so okay you know you know so Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home I mean so okay um I mean I mean um well town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to TCL I mean um you know you know I mean I mean you know well for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding to the so well you know so okay I mean okay okay five forms of entry, And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, well you know like uh okay so um you know ', in which he argued that the cockfight I mean I mean okay like like well I mean you know served as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which well okay well like okay uh uh like judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of I mean uh okay so so like like so New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year you know um like I mean I mean okay well I mean - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - so like like well uh you know okay like Life 2', an amputated part of it exists as I mean uh um you know okay like well um an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first professor um okay I mean um well so so well of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania uh well like okay I mean uh uh like (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester well like I mean like you know I mean um I mean Police Department who is assigned to investigate the murder of um like uh you know um uh I mean well a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body like so okay you know you know like okay so is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory where well um well okay I mean I mean well I mean he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday you know so uh so you know well I mean I mean who lived in a Western dimension did away um well so well uh like well okay with the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody okay so like like like uh I mean well knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation program um um I mean uh like I mean I mean like and after finding out that he had only a few so you know okay okay so uh um like months left to live, he committed suicide on 11 July well like uh so well well okay like by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a uh uh well so uh like okay like presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide like so so okay okay I mean I mean so molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby uh I mean um uh okay um I mean you know act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km was um so you know you know I mean so you know like quite normal for a fighter - sized target) and the you know well you know uh you know so well so loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and so um I mean uh you know I mean well okay 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that on I mean I mean okay I mean like like um uh midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the like well like I mean so uh well um system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak is made by mixing fish uh um like so um I mean like so paste (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, so well I mean you know uh uh um I mean garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order I mean um so you know I mean I mean well you know of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul Casey like um like uh well uh uh you know and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse City Junior High was built in the 1980s um you know I mean um so you know you know so for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied by several bus uh well uh well well like you know uh lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, um okay you know okay um okay I mean I mean where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February 22, 2016, the series was picked you know like um um I mean okay uh so up for an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve you know well well um so um um um airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi I mean I mean so okay so I mean okay um Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is located in the growing south side um like I mean like so okay uh uh of the city, at the southwest corner of the well um I mean I mean okay uh so okay busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or like well like well okay so uh you know other obstacle the tank would stop and the um uh well well I mean you know like okay rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of um um you know uh so well uh so 22 acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill uh okay okay so I mean well uh so property by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to um like I mean well um uh um uh Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing okay you know I mean so so uh well so and services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, uh you know okay um um okay like you know a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old friend I mean um well um you know so you know um Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the so uh so well okay like I mean uh opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying so I mean uh you know I mean like okay I mean bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in well I mean I mean um uh you know well okay the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook is also a slang term for a criminal well uh like okay so I mean you know uh or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in um uh okay like well uh uh um London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term okay well so well I mean well I mean um lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is you know um well like I mean you know like you know a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as you know like I mean you know um okay uh I mean such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to prevent you know like well like I mean well I mean I mean balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching well I mean like like um well um okay the end of a defined track on a playing field which you know like well um um so um I mean consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being rocky or sandy well well um okay okay um I mean well and the football team found it difficult to schedule home uh like well I mean I mean um um well games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and 'USA well so uh like you know you know I mean like Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all like okay so I mean uh so um you know over Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the you know like um like uh uh you know well shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: Simon like well like well like you know I mean uh & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, I mean I mean um well uh um um uh 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in you know well I mean so um well so okay older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques like okay I mean I mean um like uh I mean through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with an so uh um you know I mean I mean so um estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in the um you know you know I mean like okay so you know years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: I mean um you know um well you know so like his two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played college football at the University of Miami uh so okay I mean you know you know like well and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks and you know um so so okay you know um I mean adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed between like so okay I mean well so I mean okay buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters well like okay uh I mean um so you know on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the well you know so so okay like well like programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in I mean okay so like like so like so 1996 -- 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games well I mean well you know uh like you know uh with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and um I mean like um so I mean well I mean released on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him in I mean you know well okay I mean well well um absentia, and she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and I mean you know you know so like so uh well Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he briefly held well well so well well like well like the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind well okay um I mean okay well like well Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before announcing their okay um I mean uh okay like well okay split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was not reinstated um uh I mean I mean like okay okay I mean in the Second Division and they played in the I mean okay uh so I mean okay I mean uh amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function okay you know well um like like uh I mean can now be seen to be carrying out these latter two well um I mean uh like I mean so well evolutionary functions and can lead us to ask new like okay okay okay you know like like okay kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in um well like uh like like uh you know 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, uh you know you know uh well um okay so Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be applied to okay you know um um well so I mean you know other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made like okay well you know okay okay I mean okay over 8000 runs in his career yet has failed to you know okay um you know um like I mean you know catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, um you know uh okay um so so um The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second tube was in lifted into place 7 January you know well well okay like uh uh so 1850, a single line was open to public traffic through well okay I mean so I mean um uh uh these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part of okay uh you know uh like I mean um so various bands until deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school um so you know you know you know so so like from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest well like well okay uh I mean I mean well of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals uh well you know you know I mean uh I mean okay Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have criticized the game for not allowing the um uh uh uh okay I mean I mean well player to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this choice by I mean uh I mean I mean okay well like like saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout the game do you know um well um um well you know like not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often involve okay okay I mean like okay um I mean um romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, I mean so so you know uh okay um you know and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and I mean well well well like um I mean like fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in Bagram, uh you know like you know so okay like like found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls and other so like okay I mean so like um you know objects including statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she well well you know you know you know so like so attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of seven you know so you know I mean like like I mean so different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people you know um uh uh I mean well like uh whose members identify with each other through okay uh um like uh okay you know I mean a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of okay so I mean okay so okay okay uh the end of the 2010 season, with ten, including like okay like okay I mean I mean well I mean best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of people okay so like you know uh um okay well in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat okay like I mean I mean I mean um so like - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning to normal his chest did not you know like like well you know so well uh fully recover and some parts of it remained icy, he you know like um like like well you know like was unable to return them to normal, he became afraid so like I mean like well I mean so um of it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern uh well I mean I mean uh okay well uh in space, but remain unchanged with respect to um okay I mean okay uh like um uh time; time crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with well well well um you know like okay like numerous academic papers and is probably best known for his uh so like um like like like you know widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a so so so uh uh um okay I mean Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in um so okay uh uh well well okay the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted from so well like well so you know you know well the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items like well uh I mean like so um um of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in you know you know like so um well like uh doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Academy's um okay okay like well well you know uh former Perth Road building was lit on fire, a so well um well so um okay um few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal uh well uh okay well um you know like for his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - born okay uh like you know well um so okay writer, currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center you know well well I mean like so so um of City University of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers, a you know um so I mean so uh like you know frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student so uh uh um well uh you know um and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd command (print working directory) is used to well uh so you know you know I mean you know um print the name of current working directory, if the shell I mean like um you know so you know so like prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference like um you know uh you know I mean like uh to typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you uh well like um um like so uh assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, a um I mean so you know you know um I mean um competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead like you know so like I mean okay so okay of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are well um um you know so so um okay there to reassure the invitee that there would be well uh well well um okay well um plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning so um like well okay so uh I mean as explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district like um uh you know uh um okay so ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association for the Protection of the well uh okay I mean I mean um okay uh Lebanese Heritage (APLH), is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / you know well like um so I mean I mean like intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August uh like okay like like uh okay um 1981) was an Irish republican hunger striker and a uh you know well um like um you know so volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo so um well you know so you know um okay Crews to qualify for the Money in the Bank ladder I mean okay um you know you know uh so so match at the Money in the Bank pay - per uh um like I mean you know uh so I mean - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York emerged from the war as the leading city well okay so um so uh uh I mean of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy and, well you know uh you know like uh um I mean in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters like well um like you know okay you know like in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis I mean you know well you know um uh so well of their personal appeal and also those candidates you know you know well um like uh so uh who are sidelined by party political rivals within party okay like um you know uh um you know I mean but confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently I mean okay so so uh okay so I mean i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have one, two or more given names, e you know well you know you know uh you know um so. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high like so well you know okay okay I mean like - rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his you know I mean well okay you know so you know so first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex and I mean so so like so okay you know you know her love of acting began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although you know like like I mean well like I mean you know Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to new so so so you know well okay you know so allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan like uh like uh I mean um well like for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable okay you know well uh well um I mean well firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an of the you know you know so well okay so so okay United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary star in um you know well like so you know well you know the constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a I mean so um um okay I mean um uh boy, villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she okay like so like so like you know um is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes uh uh okay I mean you know uh well like DIY services, such as constitutions, secure ID / um so like um well okay so okay Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the so so um so I mean um you know uh Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, and so um well okay you know uh so uh they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain um so I mean you know okay uh okay um and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known well like you know well like okay um uh as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 okay like like you know you know you know like I mean October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the Man in um I mean like um so okay uh uh Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April you know so okay uh uh okay I mean well 1942, with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the so okay uh um so well you know uh scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the like um you know I mean um well well so position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon okay okay um you know okay uh okay okay Fraternity He persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian I mean like well like uh I mean you know so state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from the uh so uh okay uh uh uh okay Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is okay um well so okay I mean okay okay an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to so um so I mean so well you know okay bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching uh uh um so so um um uh career as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, uh so uh like um like like well 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who was the main uh you know okay um so so like um general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, I mean well I mean uh like uh um you know situated in the highly urbanised area of South East I mean um um okay I mean okay uh uh Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational like so you know like okay so I mean um bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider um well so um like uh okay uh and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month with okay okay well well I mean okay so so a blush on his face, but was reduced to a homeless you know you know I mean like um I mean like you know bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of posts uh well so like like uh um uh in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent for like uh uh uh like so I mean uh King Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of like well well you know uh well um well Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in like okay okay like I mean like I mean I mean 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and I mean you know like well uh you know um you know later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of like you know okay you know uh you know like uh embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India you know well okay well uh I mean uh I mean in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd you know I mean uh um so like I mean you know century A. D. It was replaced by the Panhellenion, established by um well uh well um um so uh the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is a member of the general partner of I mean well like I mean um so okay you know Armada Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do this in order to bail their um um you know you know so I mean uh like friend Kenny out of jail for $ 100, 000 you know uh I mean you know well so so I mean after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced well well well you know I mean well uh well by its success and sexual content, as its sexual - well so I mean like okay um you know um explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and led uh so well like um okay um so to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World War so like so uh well um um like the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used so um like okay I mean like okay so to jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris well so well uh okay well so um and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a like so I mean I mean I mean I mean okay so building material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America that began you know you know okay uh um you know okay okay as a Dutch colony, then was captured by well um well like okay um like uh the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of uh I mean okay okay like I mean like uh Doctor who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east so well um so so uh so you know and west, it has traces of western sound like Rock, um uh like like you know um well so Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony uh so like like okay you know I mean you know Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year okay uh I mean so okay uh um you know of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious clash of like you know uh like like well well uh arms between Māori and the British settlers after the signing of like um you know okay so you know uh I mean the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, so well you know you know so well okay you know I mean they may be placed on the outside of like well like um so like okay um a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the um so so okay well okay you know well Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These like okay I mean I mean okay so okay well heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent so uh um uh I mean like you know I mean extensive exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a uh okay well you know well like well like small seaside town in County Down, Ireland uh so like I mean you know um uh like on 21 November 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but you know I mean um so so I mean I mean um later stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to like so well well like I mean okay uh take responsibility and pull their kids out of the like well so so I mean I mean I mean um activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked at um so like um so like uh you know as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly okay I mean okay okay I mean okay so well caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, and you know um you know so you know uh uh like her first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of uh okay I mean um you know I mean you know uh the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, um uh well I mean you know well I mean well cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes color okay you know well um uh um uh I mean tint which is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a uh I mean uh like okay you know um you know young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind uh so I mean so um so uh uh damage and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, is the uh okay I mean I mean well you know so uh founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for the well so so like like uh well uh Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent to you know you know you know I mean so like uh okay the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers um well well so I mean um you know okay to achieve world - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, uh I mean like uh you know um you know like an opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the okay so so uh um like like okay Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they uh like like so um like uh well turn a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down so okay so um okay uh like so by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the um um um uh like so uh well end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, um you know uh okay uh well okay well is served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week I mean uh okay you know you know well okay you know as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of you know um so you know like uh well so single and double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and I mean I mean um you know like I mean like so a further residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Charité, uh you know you know okay okay uh so um and subsequently became an assistant at the department for well uh um um uh uh okay uh the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 sworn police like you know you know well I mean um like okay officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with uh okay okay like I mean okay well um a website service designed so that users can learn languages you know uh uh you know well well I mean so online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, um so uh okay so um well so and he had three brothers, two of whom uh uh um uh I mean um so um died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor um you know uh um um you know okay uh in the large palaces and country estates owned by I mean like um okay I mean well uh um the Romanovs like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces uh um uh so okay I mean well so in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor okay so okay well um uh um well when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - so well you know well like you know so like named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic series so okay um okay so well um uh called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving uh um um like I mean uh like so 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, okay okay um um okay you know uh uh Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla like you know so well well you know okay well and Morris be seen together around town; they liked well uh um well you know okay um um each other and did date for a you know like uh so so you know like like period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 so well okay like well uh like so - 2010 American sci - fi television series 'FlashForward', based uh like okay you know so you know okay you know on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is you know so um okay uh so so okay an American college basketball player who completed his All - okay well well um you know well well well American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive I mean um you know I mean well um so I mean Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of their like well like um well uh so so high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be so well so uh well so you know um more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights um like so uh you know okay I mean well designed for rechargeable batteries may allow charging without removing well uh um like uh you know you know well the batteries; for example, a light kept in a vehicle like you know I mean like okay um uh well may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these okay okay like uh you know you know so you know requests in an episodic manner; during the course well like you know you know you know you know okay I mean of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English you know uh okay um well like well like professional football player and currently plays for Bristol City, on a like um you know like I mean so uh uh short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the City of Penonomé, I mean okay well okay like okay um you know in the district of los Forasteros of the community of San Juan, I mean uh like I mean uh so okay so Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in like um well uh I mean okay um well the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary uh you know well I mean okay I mean um you know was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both like uh like uh well so like um physicians in the Indian Army, causing the family well okay uh okay I mean well so okay to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment so uh well well I mean uh so uh and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest I mean I mean um I mean like you know like so to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks okay I mean so okay you know I mean well you know from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, escort okay um okay uh okay uh well I mean carriers were part of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school okay well I mean well you know I mean I mean okay at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and well um um well I mean so you know well graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is also um like so uh like so you know uh a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in 1954 um like you know like so well okay okay with a degree in animal husbandry and then, as had like so well well like well you know uh his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and like so well okay um well like I mean a yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim you know okay uh um well you know so you know it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped as you know I mean okay um so I mean I mean um Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands and so okay so okay like like like okay ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after uh I mean you know you know so uh okay uh steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of so so like like like um okay uh time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before well so like um I mean so so um the start of the quiz and made be available I mean uh uh like like you know um okay on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks uh well um uh well I mean like okay and recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint um like okay okay uh you know you know you know - Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 after like like you know well so uh like like the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and very soon you know okay you know you know well okay you know um he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of the premium hiking trails in the well um I mean okay so well uh um Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - um okay you know so I mean like okay uh hour - return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been well okay like okay uh okay well you know released, was one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, um I mean um like so so um uh and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil um uh I mean I mean uh you know I mean like film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the war, the L class were involved in so well well I mean you know well you know well trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both the like you know uh uh uh okay I mean um east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and I mean I mean I mean well you know so so you know 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented President okay um uh I mean okay uh so so Brigham Young of the Church of Latter - I mean like uh okay so you know well uh day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being like so you know I mean I mean I mean so okay the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent um well like well um I mean okay so feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships above uh well you know I mean so uh um um the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, um so okay like okay you know well uh include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation and um you know you know uh okay okay you know so mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- so okay well so okay well I mean um 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title in well uh uh I mean so uh uh uh 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living in São Paulo he fell in love um well so so so well um uh with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged like like um well you know um you know uh to Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street uh okay okay well like okay so so Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a fellow ninja I mean um like you know uh I mean okay well classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg uh I mean uh well well okay okay uh was raided by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the you know okay okay so you know um so like National Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September well like like you know like so um you know 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin with uh you know I mean you know you know okay you know well an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish well I mean like so you know I mean well uh plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, housing cultural treasures uh uh I mean uh so so uh like of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable so I mean well you know I mean so okay so of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family well uh um like okay so you know like name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names okay I mean uh well like so I mean uh together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was um you know I mean well like so like um a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 so I mean okay you know like I mean you know like students who graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for like uh well okay so okay like you know gnawing on wood, while the teeth of the giant okay uh okay I mean you know um um uh beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members of like well well okay okay okay so okay the royal family which, along with the governorship of like you know um so okay well okay like Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for fairness and like um you know so I mean I mean okay um competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to this, she could only show platonic love well I mean well you know uh well um so to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and later okay you know I mean like so you know okay you know turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for another, like um well well uh uh you know I mean and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to script well like um um well uh uh you know differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, ' I never you know um so I mean so okay you know um had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 so like well um um um you know I mean until she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy um I mean so um so like well so program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, like uh um you know uh you know like so and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any like uh like like like like uh like manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four so uh so like you know you know so you know solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor can like well so you know like well you know I mean be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy um okay you know well like well so uh to learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released so uh so uh okay well like well by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the okay okay so okay so well I mean okay 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander I mean well like um uh I mean well okay (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 you know okay like um okay you know um you know on the regular season and earning a berth in the like like you know um um like I mean okay Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed okay um well like uh okay um you know his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, like um you know uh I mean like uh like whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) so uh you know okay you know uh um I mean is a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays you know so um you know well I mean well um for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and well so you know well like okay okay you know producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast furnaces um so you know uh I mean so um okay at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 well uh you know uh I mean uh so well seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; it so you know like you know well I mean so like was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of so well uh um so okay okay um 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that um uh uh okay you know okay like well one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick okay like like okay you know like um okay to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy in like like um well I mean um you know um 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist with so like okay I mean okay well uh okay personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that you know um like well I mean you know so well contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was offered a new contract at the end of the I mean so like uh well you know you know I mean 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham for 10 well okay so you know um like uh I mean years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear the I mean I mean okay I mean you know so well I mean same, by God there is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested I mean okay I mean uh okay well you know well in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal and so uh I mean um uh like um like enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in okay you know I mean well you know well uh well response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building is shaped to project the image of um um well you know I mean um like you know scales of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by the like I mean I mean like you know well well I mean central wing of the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, okay uh okay I mean okay okay um I mean the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the opposite side of the road is the well okay I mean I mean um like uh uh so known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a retired American I mean so well like um um so so mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC uh you know um you know uh so so so as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation okay I mean um so I mean so you know uh of the insulation over many years of energised service and like um okay so um um um well at present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was uh um you know you know okay well like um in talks with BBC to get Torchwood back I mean you know okay so okay well um so on TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which uh I mean okay well you know so okay well it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 well um like like uh okay like uh goals and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his uh uh um uh I mean well you know you know father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use I mean so okay so uh I mean I mean um of shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and the lessen um well um well uh I mean uh well pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when he like so I mean uh I mean so um you know was appointed president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and um I mean so well um I mean I mean well after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes You okay like well you know like you know you know you know See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', so um well like you know so you know so and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter so I mean I mean like um like well I mean would be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on February uh well I mean um so so you know well 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him I mean uh so okay uh um like I mean and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) like I mean um uh I mean so you know I mean was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney well okay you know so um like like I mean General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located I mean like so um okay uh like so at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of you know okay um um you know you know so well the United States Air Force based out of uh okay um like so you know so I mean the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving like I mean so um so like so I mean many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known you know okay like I mean I mean okay you know like and popular personality among the residents of his hometown, okay okay so like well I mean like uh respected for his exploits as an All - you know like okay you know well uh okay um American athlete and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the so you know well so you know uh uh you know exposure time, using a photographic film with a higher like okay like um you know so you know like ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes so well I mean well um like you know you know of copies have been made of the originals, which well well uh so like well um um are no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - Leaked you know okay um okay okay okay like so on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and so so I mean you know I mean uh okay okay subject painter, had a large practice in London, and was like you know okay like like um you know you know a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police okay okay you know like you know so well uh Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to learn the like um okay um well um you know so piano from an early age which would eventually like okay uh I mean okay um like um lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, uh okay so okay like I mean okay uh including the murder of its protagonist shortly after a well so you know well so you know you know you know moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture during the well uh uh uh I mean I mean like um nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was constructed by I mean um so you know um like um uh François Coignet in 1869 one week before the inauguration so so like okay you know you know uh you know of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) well um well um um so okay uh is a fictional character created by the author J. K I mean you know okay uh okay okay like um. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in well like so uh okay well I mean okay the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event you know so okay well I mean uh well okay held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' okay I mean you know I mean like you know like I mean and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, uh so well well so uh uh well as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was you know I mean well uh I mean you know so uh working on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox so I mean like uh well okay uh um game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic graphics, about so okay so um I mean okay you know um a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into you know um I mean I mean well like uh uh Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with her so so um so okay okay I mean so father and allow her to take back her place as I mean so you know you know okay so so um heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played his first pro season with their Class A um like so like so so so so Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with the New York like like well um uh you know um you know Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the like you know well so I mean uh so I mean Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th century, um okay so like uh I mean uh so most of the territory of present - day Albania became uh well so well um okay I mean okay part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her you know like you know okay um well like I mean during his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, okay uh so you know like well like I mean and when he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish like okay so uh well okay like well throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for I mean um uh like um okay well so both lawns and as animal fodder, but also I mean so like okay you know so like I mean some weeds that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE SmackDown Tag uh I mean so uh okay I mean okay um Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament to crown so um uh okay um so you know you know the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor Coleridge and like I mean you know well um I mean so I mean the encounter, a life - changing event well so uh so okay um like okay was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his you know um so I mean okay like I mean like writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South well so well okay uh so I mean I mean Africa, who works with the Triangle Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, you know you know like like so I mean you know okay born at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage the four - wheel - drive system well so I mean um okay um I mean well the vehicle must be moving at a slow speed less so so I mean you know um okay you know you know than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, uh well well uh um um um okay and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where uh so you know okay uh um well okay he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black Fender um like well okay so uh um I mean Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur so like well you know um I mean you know so is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting I mean um I mean so you know well like well favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan um uh you know okay okay um okay you know Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, you know uh like so well okay um I mean eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label was initially intended only to release uh you know I mean so so um well I mean 12' singles, however as Lex approached artists to contribute like okay um you know well okay okay I mean material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale like um um okay you know I mean I mean um of bonds, with the first issue planned to you know uh uh uh like okay I mean I mean be around $ 20 million; the smaller planned so uh um you know like well you know well bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort has been expended in an attempt to factor these like okay so okay so um I mean I mean numbers, but much remains unknown about their factorization; okay uh I mean um so so you know well for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on I mean you know like you know like like I mean like their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, assisted so like uh uh like like I mean okay by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he well you know uh like so uh like so seems to have acquired a vocational interest in like like um well well um okay you know becoming a clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for well okay like well like um like well some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship which so okay well I mean like you know so okay is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, well I mean uh I mean like uh you know like Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two I mean okay so I mean um well uh so decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still so so like like okay I mean I mean well maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and uh you know I mean you know uh you know well I mean is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that they so okay well you know like uh okay like are not right for each other, prompting Inez's father uh uh um okay okay I mean uh you know to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree cinema I mean I mean I mean you know like um you know uh marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and handles you know uh you know I mean uh um okay well 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television so uh um I mean okay okay I mean um series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- like so like okay you know uh you know um 22 September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, um okay well like so so uh um and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC so okay like you know okay well okay okay streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work like okay I mean okay so well like okay has included restoring PCC cars for use on San well uh I mean I mean you know like you know I mean Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is okay um like so I mean you know I mean you know a former professional basketball player in the WNBA, she well I mean so like so I mean I mean so most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is I mean like I mean uh well uh I mean um only one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are well well so um uh you know so you know attracted to it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, I mean okay um um um I mean okay uh excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a uh okay so okay so you know okay like monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic I mean well I mean okay like well uh like way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, you know so uh um um uh well like in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are I mean okay you know so okay okay you know uh at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic I mean like so so uh so uh uh people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori uh um you know so uh you know so okay and Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was 14 like like um okay okay I mean you know um - years - old, then making a switch to uh like okay so uh you know well you know rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as like you know uh you know so you know you know well their immediate area of influence was about and their weapons had so I mean uh so I mean I mean you know um a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is well known for his affiliation with the you know like okay I mean you know I mean well okay West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap like okay like uh uh um so um Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position uh I mean you know you know you know um like uh as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, I mean um well um okay you know okay okay on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' I mean well okay well you know um you know I mean i and 'K' i' accurately from such plots, you know okay well okay like so you know okay so it is advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as a 'duet' you know um so like well um I mean well in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with like okay okay uh uh um well okay help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party so I mean uh uh like I mean well well of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, also you know like well um um so well uh known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto Rican um so so you know well well like uh parents at the age of ten Jimmy's family moved to Puerto you know well like you know so like um uh Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most um so so so well well well um populous urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and I mean uh uh like well well okay like virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an you know you know uh um like uh you know okay industrial designer who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with so like uh like so um uh um popularizing the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well uh like so uh I mean like well um as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned his so so uh you know you know I mean so um books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his so so okay like I mean well uh well fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' book well okay well you know I mean uh so you know on breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center you know okay so like like you know so I mean & Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of so um like I mean you know um well well polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space and time are unified, the motion through space well um well uh so um I mean uh impacts time: time slows down for the person who is I mean well well okay so okay you know well moving but goes faster for the one who I mean okay like uh okay uh okay okay stands still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes so okay I mean so well like well you know of Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are okay um um well so well you know okay simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or I mean uh okay um you know uh um you know just 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD box like you know I mean well well um um um set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between 1991 I mean so you know like uh so so well and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe um so um like okay you know you know like Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the well you know so like so um you know well first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward like like like so I mean you know well you know Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet music may also indicate the name of uh um well well well you know um so the lyric - writer, if the lyrics are I mean uh well I mean like I mean okay okay by a person other than one of uh I mean uh well um I mean okay like the songwriters or composers and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two well I mean okay well um so so um computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he had met uh I mean I mean you know well I mean okay well as an intern pastor in Colorado City, Texas, and the couple well okay I mean uh you know uh I mean I mean shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, well so like well well so um you know the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and I mean so you know um you know okay okay well the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress well um well well uh uh like so I' by the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at well well so like well uh so well the southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner I mean I mean you know um okay uh like uh with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - uh so well I mean well so I mean like Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking back up the project in 1998 recording started well okay uh you know uh like you know like to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in on okay so um uh well like uh okay the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served okay um okay okay like um um so as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the okay like so okay uh so uh so Dan Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of like like okay uh I mean uh so um the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, like uh so I mean um um um you know losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was the second single from his worldwide hit okay you know you know like I mean uh um um album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World Figure so um uh I mean okay so you know um Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also be okay like well well um I mean well you know used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman uh um well well so well um I mean Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born you know so I mean like uh I mean I mean uh 21 November 1965 ) is a Sudanese - born British actor, you know I mean okay you know you know well I mean you know known by the stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province uh like I mean uh um okay uh you know latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October okay like um I mean um I mean you know I mean 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk okay uh so uh you know you know I mean uh singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in you know well I mean you know I mean like um so Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence of Post okay okay well uh so so uh um Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park offers a variety of annual events, one like I mean uh you know well okay so like of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up um well well okay like I mean so like in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development progressed, some of the original ideas became too difficult you know well well okay uh so like um for the small team to complete; originally, the spider sequences you know like so okay like well okay like were to be present near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, like uh I mean I mean well so uh like etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure so well I mean uh well I mean you know okay 'featured a scene in which Pee - wee Herman I mean okay uh okay I mean I mean so uh knocks over a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to you know I mean you know so okay uh uh I mean win over the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the Canterbury well you know I mean well you know you know well uh Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son of the okay you know you know like like so like well late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and so you know okay okay so like well you know Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built uh uh okay like uh so well so entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a well so like okay um okay so I mean Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on like you know um um like uh you know so four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is also the Director of the Division of Policy and Services okay uh like okay I mean like um I mean Research at the Andrus Center, and is the director of the like you know um you know well well I mean like National Resource Center on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & also you know um you know I mean um well I mean well a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is so okay like I mean so um well I mean about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi well I mean um you know like uh so so is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored his first goal for United in a 2 okay uh I mean well so okay so I mean -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park on well like okay like you know um uh okay 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy uh you know I mean okay okay well okay like to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, um like uh so okay well so um Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown like uh so okay okay you know I mean so song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in okay uh I mean you know uh uh so um the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and bolstered so okay okay okay you know so uh uh by his new found status, Nelson boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an you know like okay like okay well well so American football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a messenger I mean okay well okay I mean well like you know and prophet of God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year you know um um well um well okay okay jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and I mean I mean I mean so uh like I mean so he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in extending so well okay like I mean uh you know well basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies I mean uh you know okay well okay like I mean whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are um uh so I mean uh okay um I mean enough to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: I mean well you know you know um like so so he presided over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an you know like um like well you know like you know important irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and calls it like well so uh you know so um um an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', okay like like well well okay well um in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features a woman's you know like okay well uh so um uh posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia on like uh I mean okay well I mean okay I mean October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, and a 'Come uh like so like like okay um well and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the last decade parts of the area well uh okay uh so I mean you know um have seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet like I mean okay so well like I mean like many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation I mean so so so you know well um so Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data okay like like okay I mean like um like sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 to well so well so okay uh uh uh meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law school, she was the managing editor at the okay well well well okay okay um like Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as well you know okay like you know um uh like the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest like uh okay you know like you know well you know of the entry of German troops into Ukraine and you know so um so so I mean uh like returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip okay um okay I mean you know okay uh uh is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the well okay uh you know so okay you know I mean temperature, and by making small adjustments to the inside so like so you know well um okay I mean temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was I mean uh uh like well you know um you know mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her so okay you know um uh okay um so Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate um uh um you know well um uh you know of Fire Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia like well like uh um okay you know you know launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on land, the I mean I mean well like okay like like so First World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the well okay okay I mean uh well so okay largest naval battle of the First World War so well okay well like you know um you know and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the okay well I mean like you know um uh well turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated uh um so I mean well so well I mean by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to well okay um well you know okay um well negotiate and the main channel has moved away from the you know um okay so like well well okay cliffs, removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well as I mean I mean um I mean well like okay you know off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and on April okay uh um uh you know okay okay like 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced a company set up in June 1941 you know I mean okay okay like uh like okay by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Motiur well so okay like okay um you know I mean Rahman suggested some of students to be active in so um like so well uh okay I mean this regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, okay well well so I mean okay okay okay which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions therefore had a diverse range of different well um uh uh uh so uh so peoples and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on March like um I mean you know okay uh um you know 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high you know well uh like well um well well plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to so um well you know you know like so um Arms on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active I mean you know so so you know okay uh okay service on 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of you know well you know uh um uh uh okay the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or um um I mean like well okay um so scandia, is a high melting white solid used in well well uh uh okay well um I mean high - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and okay like um well well um I mean okay thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) um uh well like you know uh like uh is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a you know uh okay so like well you know um loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of letters (numbered 89 so um so okay well like you know well - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) you know I mean I mean so uh you know so you know was a U. S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of well I mean you know okay like okay well like the World' for always having an excuse on their shortcomings, uh um like so well uh I mean uh including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable well like I mean I mean okay okay well so Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least 18 years old, uh you know like I mean you know well okay you know and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a servant um well so you know well you know I mean um in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab you know uh uh uh so well you know you know community, and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He you know like you know okay well uh so okay also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation like so like you know well okay um uh Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary okay I mean uh okay like you know so so School in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and um well like I mean so uh I mean so 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and um uh um so you know okay well so encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns - okay you know you know you know you know you know um I mean most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel uh um like I mean I mean uh like like rifles firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after well I mean well I mean you know well like you know 2 - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company you know so okay so well you know um um she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from uh well like you know like you know okay okay year to year, and more contexts that are like like well uh um well you know um designed to be engaging to students as they make connections among um okay okay okay like well like you know mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian Smith uh so so I mean like um um like was sacked, and then - assistant coach Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome you know well okay you know uh uh you know so and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still elected you know so um like okay well like well as is every other sheriff in the state, has uh I mean so okay I mean I mean you know you know recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey well I mean I mean like like well uh okay player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's busiest so I mean you know um so uh like I mean places to gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, so well uh well um um well you know 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, I mean so okay uh well uh okay well 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to the fence, I mean okay um so okay um uh I mean his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented well uh well so um like okay well in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local um well so um okay so okay um people have reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders I mean so so well so I mean uh like in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 so you know like like uh um well you know as part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th uh um uh okay okay okay well well (Western) Division, and saw its first action the you know you know well like well well like well next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age 115 and I mean like well like you know like so I mean 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having had no you know well well so you know well well okay children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on November I mean I mean well uh uh um okay like 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes um um um uh well like you know I mean career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, well well I mean I mean well I mean well well where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also okay um so um uh I mean so okay on full display, but the album is most remarkable for I mean well I mean uh okay um you know um the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking the stage um I mean okay I mean you know okay uh okay alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but you know you know I mean like I mean okay you know um there is no penalty for failure to comply um um um okay like you know like well with it and it is not widely enforced -- indeed, you know like like well uh like like like the U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive um uh uh you know um so so I mean enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was you know like you know well um you know you know uh removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and well um uh um uh okay uh uh replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer I mean well so well well so well I mean responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about like well um so so uh so well and spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) or okay um uh you know I mean um so well imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for okay you know okay I mean well um I mean like the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in like uh you know um you know so so I mean the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - uh um okay you know um um okay so duty transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 - uh like uh um like okay you know okay feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving like like uh you know well you know so uh his best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one like so um uh so um like um senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace you know um so okay um um you know you know has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to uh um I mean like okay um well like collect more equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting you know you know you know so like well uh you know material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, well uh like okay I mean I mean well so merely by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in the well okay um okay okay um so you know world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and uh so like um um okay like well Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms like you know okay um uh um uh uh of declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a like uh well I mean um you know like okay holiday retreat in England and named the town he surveyed um like okay I mean you know uh like okay after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, uh okay like you know I mean you know so I mean engineering, and natural sciences, a function of a real uh okay okay well uh I mean okay okay variable is a function whose domain is the um uh well uh I mean okay so um real numbers ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; okay well okay like I mean um I mean um the potential predator may desist when it knows it so like uh um well you know okay I mean has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara in okay um okay like so okay uh um Malibu, California featuring a male actor who she is in uh okay well uh well okay well so love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours you know so I mean so um you know okay I mean I put into going to places and taking pictures so okay I mean I mean um I mean I mean uh of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from well like well you know um uh like like rural areas and continued to neglect the so you know um I mean well you know well I mean US agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American so you know like I mean so uh so like farmers throughout the decade and would later be blamed as I mean like well I mean okay you know well so one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a um you know like I mean so well so you know telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, for you know like um you know uh uh well so the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an um uh um okay so okay you know so older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film was a US box - office I mean uh I mean so okay I mean uh well failure and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by like well so so I mean well you know you know Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced um you know uh um well um uh I mean in the January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round you know you know I mean so um so so you know Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 you know okay I mean well like so um uh to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 like uh so you know well uh I mean well. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the I mean you know um well like okay I mean okay 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary uh uh so you know um like so well and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s um uh um I mean okay well I mean you know based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to participate like like you know I mean like um like so and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play uh okay um well um you know you know okay in a new arena in San Francisco, but so you know I mean I mean well um you know you know the arena never came to fruition, and the Seals played like so I mean uh I mean like so um in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his okay you know uh okay so I mean well I mean cousin from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank um you know you know okay I mean like uh like of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west you know you know well like so uh I mean so bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her interviews Soberano said she would like to pursue a um um you know I mean um um well you know degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, she confirms um um so so uh uh like okay that will be studying at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties uh okay you know I mean uh so like uh Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, and imposing I mean so like like um um well okay a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 um okay well I mean okay so um you know but found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 uh so like I mean you know okay like so without graduating to attend the California Institute of Technology, the um you know um you know so you know I mean well following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States um well um well I mean well you know you know Army was named interim President of the Citadel, The so um like uh so well uh okay Military College of South Carolina in August 1980 and well you know uh well uh well well you know then selected as the 16the President by unanimus I mean well okay uh like like so uh vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of um okay so so like uh I mean like heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic like okay I mean you know um okay so okay bacteria generally don't harm the plant, but promote the well well okay well you know okay you know like formation of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone um uh like well so I mean okay I mean which promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities I mean I mean um uh okay um I mean like of the UAI, follows the progress of the various you know you know uh um like like uh you know projects and supports the Bureau in its handling of the uh I mean um I mean I mean you know I mean you know correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of um I mean like I mean okay you know okay I mean the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made um like uh well well um I mean I mean officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' well well okay so uh like um like Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State you know okay you know I mean um I mean um I mean and graduated in 1991 the creator and executive um okay um um uh okay well you know producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to you know okay uh okay you know you know uh like Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when they like uh well okay okay uh uh like come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were well so okay well you know well you know you know ranked No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first you know um like uh so you know well well time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an so um well uh okay um so you know Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda you know uh I mean uh well okay well okay County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the servers shutting uh uh uh you know well like like um down in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that the servers like like well so like I mean like um would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged you know well uh I mean well I mean uh I mean football fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 and um uh well I mean so you know you know so July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians like uh well um okay so so I mean of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed to Sony so uh well uh well uh I mean um Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, um so so well like um well so guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only like uh you know okay well you know I mean you know after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance okay you know like well okay well well uh to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New uh so okay I mean well you know so you know Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for uh so I mean I mean uh so uh so and acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments so um like uh I mean um I mean okay to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each well you know you know you know well um so like presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to you know uh uh like um um so okay leave the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store was I mean like I mean uh so um so so soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp um like okay like you know uh I mean so prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a you know well um so um I mean okay well figure eight track was used where one side heavily uh I mean uh well so um like you know banked, and included obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, okay like um I mean uh so uh so Slovenia) has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University you know um okay well um like well I mean that occurs in March, often in the week before I mean okay like okay you know like uh uh Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald like so uh um well well like uh Beham'; there is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', well um well okay well you know like well which seems to derive purely from the first letter of well like um uh uh I mean so so his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring so well okay I mean I mean you know you know like and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend uh um uh um like I mean like okay due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological like okay I mean you know uh well like okay finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have much I mean like okay like well I mean well uh recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad is told from the perspective of a soldier like you know um okay like well you know um who has fought in many bloody battles only to return I mean I mean uh um uh you know um okay home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated in modern history from the University of Florence and uh like uh well uh well like well writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab - you know uh well so you know uh um like Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably the I mean so um okay so okay like I mean biggest touch screen display ever used in a Philippine uh I mean well like okay um like um television show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless um like you know okay well uh so um Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second Easter Cup in December that year um okay you know well so uh okay um was hosted by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his like like so okay so like I mean like friends whenever they needed him, in the end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for um you know I mean um so I mean uh okay this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a child, he observed that Southerners were often you know I mean well so I mean so okay I mean depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on you know I mean well I mean I mean well so okay scripted television; to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by you know you know um uh like well you know well outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous because I mean so okay um well like well so of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller you know uh like like I mean uh so like - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game is similar to other fighters but features um like okay you know you know you know well you know 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was started in early 2000 as you know so you know you know so um well like a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, you know I mean you know so um well um I mean and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated so okay okay uh so okay like well streak to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes well you know like um like I mean you know um 77 - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C I mean so so you know so well so like. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections (axons) uh you know okay well so you know uh you know extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus I mean well you know so well uh you know I mean that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred and thirty - two books later, she is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Millions multi-state uh well well okay uh um okay okay lotto game, and features their own Illinois Lotto (6 balls uh you know so um you know okay okay like out of 52) with a smaller seven / I mean you know uh I mean so um okay okay eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative well so I mean you know you know um uh um Designing in the most Creative and Innovative I mean uh I mean like you know you know I mean I mean way. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played um I mean you know like um I mean I mean uh four years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being okay like okay so you know I mean um um drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite so um uh you know uh uh I mean okay her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also I mean okay I mean like uh okay I mean so had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem you know well okay like like so you know well. Com users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable and usually so okay okay um you know I mean okay like resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged when okay like well you know so uh well uh stationary but more visible when it moves about, at okay so um you know uh so so I mean which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint Committee on like um so well so you know uh uh Federal Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, a well um like okay uh um like well member of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of I mean okay so uh um you know I mean okay Corfu, Greece, that belongs to the former community uh I mean um okay uh I mean okay um of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is I mean um you know so I mean I mean uh uh an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and like I mean well you know uh I mean um well the Southwest Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, um uh uh so well uh um well the college became nationally accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey okay you know um okay I mean so like um such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of the Pacific I mean like uh I mean like um like um and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the you know okay okay you know well I mean um like Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and a so well I mean so well uh okay uh long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated in uh uh you know so so uh you know um a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract in uh you know well well you know I mean I mean um 1921, but, in part due to the costs of rebranding, okay um okay like I mean uh um okay the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on so well like uh well um well well August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned I mean uh you know I mean I mean um I mean um small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black well okay okay so so like uh um mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt like you know like you know you know well so I mean basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in you know you know you know you know I mean you know you know okay Milan, Italy in 1790, generously on loan to him uh well so uh like okay well um from the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was so well well you know uh um uh um named a prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with so uh I mean okay you know I mean you know uh Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky and so uh like okay like you know uh okay on the same day it was taken off of uh like so you know uh okay okay like Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), well I mean like like uh uh well uh which was fought as the contest of succession between well okay um uh I mean uh so I mean Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for well so you know like you know well you know like gold in various locations in the U. S I mean uh well uh I mean okay uh I mean. , and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when I mean okay well well like okay I mean well her editor Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged well you know okay like I mean okay well like Bird', she has been best known for her I mean so like well okay so uh uh autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents um uh well well well uh uh so of what their child is doing on social media I mean well I mean I mean you know uh uh like sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst - case time complexity is, but on so well like um um like uh like average its performance is or even depending on the well like so well I mean so well well random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and uh I mean okay well I mean you know okay um Harrogate College and became the youngest Mayor in the um uh um you know okay um okay well country in 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian you know I mean well like I mean so you know uh telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is like you know okay I mean well like um okay a U. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the uh um okay uh uh well um I mean California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors have used okay I mean well so I mean like well you know the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made his professional debut on the February uh um I mean you know um um so so 22nd 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, um so like okay um so uh uh Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona um like I mean um like so um you know Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a common um I mean like well okay I mean you know um symptom, and may even be the third most common uh so I mean you know you know um you know uh trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing uh you know I mean uh you know um so um so, but Jerry just pats him on the head again, then I mean so you know you know so okay so so blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in um okay so like you know you know like uh 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet okay well like like well I mean okay okay concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per okay uh like well uh um um I mean acre of land to confuse male insects about the location like um you know like you know like okay uh of their female partners, it can thus serve as a well uh uh well like uh um you know lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; okay I mean so uh uh well like so it was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an uh so um um I mean so okay okay artillery bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and so um uh uh well okay well so PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - free resultant um like uh okay like um like um which it is useful both conceptually and practically, because the okay uh well uh you know you know well I mean body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he was like well um okay like I mean like uh awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at I mean okay okay uh um okay um well the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in like so well like okay you know like uh Wales, which is part of the military is wholly you know um um okay like okay okay I mean Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft like I mean well well well you know so like crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's interior is decorated with marble and a um um I mean well um so well like staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, I mean you know uh um uh like I mean you know Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is I mean so I mean um so uh you know okay a tropical plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, uh I mean I mean uh I mean so um like and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and well like like um so like um okay a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which promotes science, you know um okay okay like I mean like so mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) okay uh um like uh so okay uh was a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official well um I mean you know um like I mean like of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Luther King, like I mean well well like um okay um Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its like um uh you know like um I mean you know architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of the few places I mean um so um I mean so like like that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke I mean um you know like okay I mean uh okay and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those you know so I mean uh okay well I mean okay who were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then uh okay uh um um um well I mean Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents the you know you know well uh uh like uh I mean lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for excellence uh you know like okay uh well uh you know while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a like uh like well so like uh you know ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that so um well um well you know uh so is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in I mean okay uh you know I mean um so um Chicago, IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new I mean so uh uh so uh um well version of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation uh you know well well well like okay you know Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the so um so you know you know um so so first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in commercial operations, uh I mean like well um um so you know including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate Members you know you know like I mean uh I mean uh uh Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan so like you know I mean okay well um like ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a three well um you know uh um um you know like part short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first um okay uh okay you know I mean uh well segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV okay okay well like okay um you know you know in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is okay okay okay like okay uh uh so a airplane with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration so um like you know uh I mean you know well suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 okay um okay you know you know I mean you know well Sudanese are living in London, whilst a fairly vague you know uh well okay like I mean you know um estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the uh I mean so you know like okay you know like crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase his well you know um I mean you know okay like I mean fourth state title at the helm of the Stephen Decatur um uh so so well like I mean uh basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is about a young well uh like um I mean okay I mean I mean boy, who dies and then his favourite math teacher observes, so um you know well so uh okay like that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from American like um so you know like okay I mean uh country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the time, many people did not know their um um uh you know okay uh you know I mean actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, I mean like well you know you know I mean so okay after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing of two so like you know so okay okay well like majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an exploding I mean so like you know okay you know okay you know ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American you know um um like I mean like you know um actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 okay so well you know well um I mean uh winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook who helped him okay okay uh okay like you know um well with his work, acting as a skilled technician, and as an like so I mean well you know uh you know I mean artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to a okay um you know uh you know so um I mean sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill. Belle so I mean um uh so okay I mean you know persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop uh okay you know you know like like well um Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the Pacific, so I mean like so uh like you know okay seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at um okay so you know I mean okay you know uh his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made his debut as a half - time substitute for um you know okay like okay okay so you know Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away like so um uh um like I mean uh draw with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being um so you know you know okay so I mean you know recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge well you know okay okay uh you know well uh what he can on a beached ship, leaving his son to keep uh okay like so okay so um uh watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' so like I mean you know like uh like okay and 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is a parody you know I mean um uh so like um um of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique contribution so well you know okay well like you know you know to his family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing I mean like I mean uh so okay I mean okay Editor and before that, Editor of the FT's I mean you know okay like uh well um like Continental European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed well like you know well um you know so uh US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing is in the apical half of the well I mean so I mean okay so you know I mean cell and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces you know well I mean so um you know okay you know beyond white; these broad streaks broad are divided only by uh well uh um like so I mean uh the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and like uh I mean well uh I mean so um its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that like like I mean um okay well so uh usually involves closing or holding the arms around the so I mean well well like I mean okay uh neck, back, or waist of another person; if more uh so you know like okay okay I mean like than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not continue their quest uh uh well well so um um like until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, like well well I mean um okay so um with added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical I mean I mean like okay you know I mean you know I mean composition and pH. Invertases and s into honey by a process well um well uh well okay um well of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is well so I mean uh so so you know I mean a former water polo player who won a uh um well so okay so I mean you know silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her so um so uh uh you know well well daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down entirely on uh I mean like so like you know okay uh the highway, even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his um well like well I mean uh well like own ends while the original Heat attempted to protect her: um okay I mean well like like uh you know when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, I mean so um um you know I mean I mean you know and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the okay so like I mean uh so okay so state would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing you know like like um uh okay okay okay and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared so I mean I mean you know you know like okay um in 188 A. D. In 187 B. C he you know you know well uh okay you know well so wrote 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued for the okay so uh uh okay so uh like extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker um you know I mean you know like you know uh I mean culture named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, like so so okay well you know you know well which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there is little to no information regarding possibly uh well you know uh like uh so um one of the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart from um like um so like so you know well P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, like well well I mean um I mean uh you know and cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani uh like I mean uh like you know I mean okay people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer well so uh you know um like you know um who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and you know um uh uh so you know you know like grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) uh like uh so uh um you know I mean born in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States I mean well so okay I mean okay well like Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats you know okay well you know so like well I mean and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants like um so like like like you know I mean to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb I mean uh um you know okay I mean okay well Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, I mean like uh I mean uh um okay I mean who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in so I mean you know uh well well uh you know the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj so like I mean like um okay like um and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act was repealed in 1962, but um okay um uh you know um so like by this time, much of the language and traditions had like I mean well well uh uh um um been either corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen I mean well okay I mean you know uh okay um to serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with um okay like so uh I mean like um Tamalane and Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre you know well uh okay like okay you know okay Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former okay I mean you know okay um um okay uh head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction you know um like well you know like okay you know in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from water like well I mean uh like okay um well fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out of high okay so okay well okay well so uh school, and began working as a well I mean well well like so uh I mean gas station attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked you know so you know okay like okay well um for follow - up action to the president like uh like well well I mean uh like of the college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From okay um I mean you know so okay uh you know 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it you know uh well you know so I mean so well contains 135 flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a uh you know so so so you know so um 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and express so well so so like well uh okay complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, though okay um um I mean I mean um like so they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download you know uh like you know like like so you know on 3 June 2010 and was released as the third and so so so well well um so um final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves um so like well uh uh well so and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League well uh well okay well so so uh a record of 13 times and they are second overall you know like you know um so um so so with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, you know okay I mean I mean I mean okay so well lasting seven issues, and it filled an important role at you know uh I mean you know okay you know um okay the time, giving new creators a chance to develop their well okay I mean so like so um you know skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets and collaborations both on stage and in the studio with uh uh I mean like okay um uh uh other artists have been extensive and he has worked like so you know you know uh I mean so well with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, so I mean well um well I mean like okay Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former was one of the 48 constellations like um uh I mean I mean um well um listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter um uh you know uh so I mean like I mean was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić (née Joanides), okay so I mean well like uh okay um was the mother of son of King Milan Obrenović, I mean okay okay so well I mean okay I mean George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the you know like I mean okay so well so well show can be seen for thirty minutes and competes with another um you know like uh like um so uh half - hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' um okay I mean you know well I mean okay well baptism, that in the nativity scene the statue of um I mean um like you know uh well you know the baby Jesus shows him standing and there are um like okay I mean uh I mean well so three crosses depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some um so you know like you know okay um so of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching I mean okay well I mean um uh so um the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County well like uh um okay I mean um well was formed and a year later it was renamed um uh you know um I mean um I mean uh the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area of um you know uh well you know uh like um focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church in you know so okay uh okay well so you know Blackpool, while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational and academic you know well like okay you know you know so um courses which can be taken at various academic and you know like um well uh well okay like vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a uh okay I mean like you know so like I mean three - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of the four year well so um okay you know um you know like maximum as it allotted him the option of seeking okay well um okay you know um um so a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the um I mean um so so uh well okay leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had again you know uh uh um like so like um been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks at uh okay like I mean well I mean uh you know the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes uh uh well well well you know so um of the city, including Native American, art deco, and so so well I mean um you know okay uh contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular uh um well you know well I mean okay like elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players uh like like like well you know uh so and would have been lost when it nearly met its I mean you know I mean okay well uh well uh end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, well um I mean uh I mean uh I mean okay United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, okay so well uh okay well like like the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the University of okay like you know like um um like I mean Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya okay you know I mean okay you know like okay well and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can I mean I mean uh well okay um well well expand their career opportunities these students expect that a so I mean uh like um um so uh degree from a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced I mean I mean uh so well like you know well by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and like uh um okay uh like so like the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS I mean okay well I mean like I mean I mean I mean 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular so like okay you know okay like like so ship; when she came to be broken up enthusiasts like you know um well I mean well like like wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 I mean so um you know so um uh well by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous like well uh so like uh so okay Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise um uh okay I mean like I mean um I mean held in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first units uh like um like um so you know I mean of the United States Marines Corps to participated well um I mean um you know well you know um in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark so well I mean uh um uh like so Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / I mean like well I mean um like well you know Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a well so like um I mean um I mean well New Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand First um uh I mean okay well well I mean like party which he founded in 1993, and served as okay uh so you know well like uh well the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and uh so okay um well uh so so made the highest score of his career, his 307 beating well like um you know um like you know uh Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in uh I mean I mean I mean um um so um 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the location of the like well I mean uh you know okay uh like bandstand demolished during the second world war, and as part so you know so well you know like um you know of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, like well you know well you know okay uh um fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright so um you know uh like uh like um spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 million and $ so like uh um uh like like um 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - like okay I mean well well like well well Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on um so uh so well uh uh I mean her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned to the well I mean so um so you know you know like struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari or you know you know like uh uh okay well uh Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee okay like you know so well uh uh uh of the Bonaire, has the same geological history, and while Bonaire like so well I mean okay like well you know at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface you know um you know well I mean I mean um well is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, um like okay I mean well you know okay you know on December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the I mean okay I mean so um so um you know North East of England and Scotland, in addition to uh like uh okay like you know I mean okay a lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school so I mean well you know so well uh well and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten ( 'Collapsing I mean you know uh um so you know so like New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city was founded in the early 20th century, and since so like okay um I mean well like um the 1980s has been continually enlarged by Egyptian and foreign um well um um so okay like you know investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest you know well I mean I mean um you know um I mean of Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake okay uh uh you know you know I mean well okay County was toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and you know like like so well you know um uh the 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from her dimension um well um like okay so well so after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea behind the high class health care institution in I mean okay I mean um like so you know like Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in the mid of 1985 like uh um so so like okay I mean. After consistent discussions and meet ups, the present site in I mean so I mean so like um um I mean the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held um you know um okay you know you know okay uh Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land like you know so I mean like you know so uh in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room well I mean okay um okay um I mean so business office with several windows and a fireplace used by I mean um uh um you know like you know uh Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' I mean I mean um okay I mean um like okay Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by the I mean so you know I mean like you know well okay same Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and um um I mean I mean um I mean so like the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, okay um uh well um okay uh okay 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after the you know so uh so like I mean okay uh paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches at DePaul okay um you know so like you know uh so University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her um uh like like okay so like so lover, and used her as a messenger, asking her so well um so okay well uh like to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, like okay so like uh so okay okay but he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, um okay you know okay you know um okay okay who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti um well so I mean okay uh so okay whilst his mother is of Greek heritage you know you know like I mean well like I mean so through her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in the uh you know I mean you know uh I mean you know um feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain like well well you know uh so I mean okay a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed you know uh okay um I mean um I mean like captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in well okay okay okay so so like so 1794, and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town I mean well well okay um well um like and commune of north - western France, in the 'département' I mean well well uh well I mean well well of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province uh okay I mean I mean okay I mean well like (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: I mean well like you know so so so like the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health uh I mean I mean so like so like uh Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes well I mean like okay okay you know so um its presence on its surroundings in an you know um I mean well I mean uh you know like expression of the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character uh uh I mean you know okay I mean you know uh of the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine like uh so so I mean so well I mean Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric I mean um so uh uh okay I mean so models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger um um you know so uh okay uh like in silent films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic okay okay uh you know I mean well I mean you know effect in many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail trade like uh so okay you know so so okay sector have 13 % of the population working within you know you know well I mean like I mean well like each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were all so okay um uh like um well well aboard the balloon; the two adults died when the balloon crashed uh um uh um um well uh okay in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by um you know well you know uh I mean okay like Charles Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and um like well um I mean you know so so Bignell in 1906 at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun so so like okay well like um you know loaded with a special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind I mean you know so you know I mean um um um that was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, well you know so you know you know um um um whether or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen okay like so okay okay I mean um well whom she met in the city, she and Rivera reconciled okay you know I mean so you know you know okay I mean and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne um well well uh well like um okay lying about Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely um um I mean I mean so uh um um based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' um okay um uh uh so well uh and tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy Group I mean so like so I mean okay um I mean 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video game so uh um like you know well you know um for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by I mean okay um so you know uh uh okay Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of San I mean uh like okay uh um like like Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father I mean like um so I mean uh um I mean of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives you know I mean you know I mean you know um okay uh in a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season well well I mean so um like uh uh with the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was okay um I mean so okay you know uh so unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia along uh um um um so so uh like with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on 20 February, making so so so like uh well uh um camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view of uh like so um so uh okay well the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects uh um okay you know um uh so I mean had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 like okay okay you know okay I mean like uh B. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration in Dangyang on an areas I mean well uh I mean like like like uh of 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love uh uh I mean uh you know I mean um uh with Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, um um well so well okay so like which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- um I mean um uh so well okay well actor and former Governor of California as host; the show's former um you know uh um uh okay like I mean host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the um I mean uh like well um so uh U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out of Los so uh uh I mean so well like like Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was uh like so like so so uh I mean active in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, and you know okay I mean you know I mean well uh well is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined okay you know okay uh like um you know so the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the um so like you know uh um I mean uh Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island has working coast artillery guns on like like well so you know uh like I mean it but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are I mean I mean well so like like well uh very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder well okay I mean well okay well like okay and the first senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal so so okay uh okay so um okay Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the number okay uh okay um so I mean uh well of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and appear um okay okay like so so you know I mean in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the Audley um I mean like well um well uh okay Club, housing facilities such as treatment I mean like well I mean um so like like rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being uh um I mean okay I mean I mean I mean um so weak can't open the lip gloss; in a so you know well like like uh so you know montage of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking okay you know well you know okay well like so out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by like okay okay so well okay well okay Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season well so um well I mean I mean you know okay like and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is um you know well like so like okay like a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name I mean uh like uh okay I mean like um between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He was not awarded as Best Actor of the like so uh okay you know okay you know uh year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews I mean well like like um so I mean I mean left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove okay you know uh um okay uh you know you know the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley okay I mean like so um I mean I mean okay 'Shortly after the team published its first results in like uh so well well like so um 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say uh okay I mean um so so like uh that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or I mean I mean well so like like uh like meteorite impact event located in between or to the east of like well so you know okay like okay uh Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced uh you know okay you know you know so so um values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' you know like um okay so like I mean I mean (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was eighteen years old when his father died, um so so you know like so so like and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book - uh like uh so like like uh I mean keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced well like I mean so well so I mean uh himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, so well like uh like uh you know so while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided land um so I mean I mean I mean like well so and the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan um like I mean well like you know um well in 1964 and entered Michigan State University, where you know uh well you know um okay well uh he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by well like well uh like well well I mean Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi Street um well uh um so like you know I mean 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door locks were introduced on the uh um uh so like okay uh you know luxury Packard in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores by you know well so I mean like uh well like the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most common compound, well you know well uh uh uh um uh titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms I mean okay I mean well like uh you know you know Goodspeed, but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 um like like like I mean uh um you know January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a okay um well uh like okay well uh police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals I mean well well well I mean um so so were born in the water, by the influence of the sun uh I mean like okay like uh I mean um. Aetios V 19, 4 The human being was supposed by Anaximander I mean okay I mean you know um uh well uh to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the other famous church is the protest church you know so well you know so so you know so named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because well well I mean okay so so um so of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald so like um okay um I mean um okay Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on so um like uh uh I mean uh okay October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department of like so you know you know okay so uh I mean English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat is close hauled, with the sail set at, for well so like so uh okay um like example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any uh you know I mean uh uh I mean I mean like page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a um well well well so so so so colourless to white (although often coloured by impurities, I mean so you know like like okay like um like iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to I mean well I mean you know like I mean okay um needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and like so okay well like you know well you know the town has held it every year since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 A uh well I mean so like like well so reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself I mean well um you know like okay well like and used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, uh I mean so okay I mean okay okay you know he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative I mean so okay I mean okay I mean so okay chitinases related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton you know you know you know you know okay uh uh well Plains in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed BART's policies so well like well okay I mean like okay and procedures in the process of overseeing the BART Police like okay okay like I mean um so you know which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life um I mean so uh like like so so to Live' all - time romantic couple by magazine um uh uh uh you know you know so like 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during the life okay uh I mean well so so I mean well of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) I mean like um like I mean uh like um number of adherents of Islam has lived in Asia and I mean well okay well well like okay well specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 I mean okay um okay um you know like well locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series so so okay so I mean I mean okay okay of 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in okay um like uh um well okay so his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the high jump you know well uh okay okay okay so um behind Irving Baxter of the United States, and the bronze so so like okay uh I mean I mean like medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and like well um well I mean well you know um Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata you know like um I mean like like I mean so Keita Cha - Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 like like uh like like you know okay I mean - 226 The Committee for the Protection you know I mean you know um you know so you know okay of the Foreign Born aided in securing the right of uh uh uh like like well like like a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division um like so okay um like well uh 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it like you know okay well so you know I mean I mean may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, so um so well I mean like like um though the mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from so you know uh so like uh okay so Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; well you know so okay so um okay uh the books sell more than a million copies well um okay uh I mean you know well so annually, several new volumes are published each year, and the I mean so so like well well I mean I mean boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you know what it means not to know um uh you know well um you know okay like what to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the um uh I mean um I mean well uh um informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran well well so I mean uh you know okay you know alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was the so okay okay um I mean so I mean um first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards soon well so well uh like okay so well abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, so I mean uh so um so I mean okay tried BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, okay like so um okay okay uh um and an RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked like so like you know uh like um um on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed okay so like um you know you know uh well chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends so so I mean you know uh so okay um with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in um like um like um uh like I mean Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have uh um I mean like uh okay so um terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games sold over 60, 000 copies by uh you know so I mean like you know uh well February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM um so you know uh uh like well I mean Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in uh well like uh uh like um uh 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - class so you know um like well so well so residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English I mean well uh um okay so I mean I mean actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny so I mean uh um I mean like like you know in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in New York City, uh uh you know okay okay I mean um you know United States; however, the brand is far more famous in so so I mean uh well like um so the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 he took his family with him to uh I mean well so you know well okay you know the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next year uh well well like so um uh okay to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which uh I mean you know uh like like okay okay was the site of abuse and executions of political I mean you know okay okay okay uh I mean so dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse of I mean so so I mean okay you know I mean so prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: well well so you know like so so you know the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, Indiana) I mean you know um you know you know okay okay I mean is an American actor who is perhaps best known well so okay so okay I mean like well for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers you know so okay I mean uh I mean so you know Association in 1966 and after merging with the International so uh like you know you know like I mean uh Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening of the new arena was attended by over okay so so well uh uh so you know 17, 000 people, who paid up to $ 50 you know like like like well um like okay for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, um I mean you know I mean you know like um you know the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian um I mean okay I mean uh okay uh um football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy um you know okay uh like um okay uh documents; less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, so you know like you know you know like uh I mean where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), like well I mean uh like like well I mean also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus you know uh like I mean you know well you know well de St. Vrain, was a major fur trader okay okay like okay okay um you know you know near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A doctrine which um well so so uh like so um originates in the degradation of the individual whose like um well you know I mean I mean okay well elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes um okay you know okay well I mean you know well economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can be represented like uh uh well um so so like by a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a you know uh okay I mean I mean like well like duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Beelen um you know you know like you know I mean I mean you know ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who uh like um um so okay so like played in the 1930s, playing at representative level I mean you know well okay um okay okay uh for England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately so um well um like um well like forty square mile town twent - four hours a day okay like uh like um well you know uh and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the you know um like so like like um um Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great so well I mean um like like well so deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, who played a okay so like like so um you know I mean key role during the freedom movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury you know um um so well um okay I mean family was first recognized by the crown during the reign of okay so uh I mean uh um like okay Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, so well okay uh okay well okay uh an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord I mean uh well so well uh so uh Chancellorship and lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that he was so well um well um um okay uh actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served in the so so you know okay uh uh like so Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major so uh so uh like you know like okay party presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama uh um well well well I mean uh so by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is well you know uh like so okay um like a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two I mean okay um you know uh well uh like seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 I mean okay so um okay well uh so Ireland was in no position to become involved, you know uh uh I mean I mean um um you know in fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of well okay so uh okay uh uh well the infectious disease and public health community, in the US uh I mean okay I mean you know you know um so particularly their professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was uh so okay well so um uh okay an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) I mean okay you know so you know um okay okay was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last I mean so like um you know okay well like surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record you know so uh okay um well I mean well - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match was also the last to be covered on the like um you know so I mean uh so uh original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New well um uh so okay so uh um Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently I mean like okay I mean um I mean uh so plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by the like uh um like um okay so so Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in you know well so like well so I mean so West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little has been documented about this breed, and uh well like okay um like I mean well they are not a recognized pure - breed in the I mean I mean so um like like like uh Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep you know you know I mean so okay okay like like the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri okay you know uh okay like uh uh so officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both uh I mean okay like like um um so their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened you know like you know you know like like I mean so Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart so um you know um so uh uh uh gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is well okay so okay so um so okay a failure as businessman and has steered the catering business you know um uh like um I mean you know you know bestowed to him by his father to the brink of bankruptcy; well like um like um so you know well he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of uh like I mean I mean um so you know uh return (ERR) is a rate of return used in capital so well I mean I mean I mean okay I mean uh budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and like um so like you know well you know I mean sport nutrition combined with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali so I mean well well so so uh I mean a sought out bodybuilder for seminars and guest um like you know okay okay you know um so appearances and has been featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles um um well um um okay well um on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the um uh so I mean I mean um uh like final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and you know you know you know you know so okay well well the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island supports a small population that has been uh um I mean I mean uh well um okay whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him like like um okay like I mean uh okay aboard the 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, like so okay like you know I mean uh okay and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), I mean like um uh okay so okay I mean the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, like uh I mean I mean so well um well film, stage and voice actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some well I mean I mean so like um uh well of his subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and uh I mean okay like you know um like like performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented I mean like okay okay uh uh uh um in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, like like uh so okay you know you know uh believed to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in like well I mean um like I mean like I mean the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an improved okay uh I mean uh uh um uh okay version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional okay uh um I mean like you know I mean I mean ice hockey player, who is currently playing for so uh so like you know like okay okay the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for uh um like well like uh okay like CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in Malta which you know you know okay like uh um well like also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes the hostage to the florr and so I mean I mean okay uh okay you know well grabs Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking and Alex well you know you know I mean so I mean so um imtandly follows after a gun shot is heard when she uh uh um okay you know you know uh I mean gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application Less Annoying you know you know uh so um okay um uh CRM, also known as LACRM which is a customer relationship management um like like I mean well I mean um you know (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and um uh um well like um well like rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough of okay so well so well I mean like so Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, uh you know I mean uh okay uh you know uh the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of captured human I mean so um okay uh so like I mean souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham who um um okay uh so I mean well like both appeared for England on 5 March 1892 and the um well I mean uh so like you know I mean most recent player to be capped while with United you know like I mean well okay you know I mean um was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth okay uh like you know well so um uh and final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and I mean okay I mean I mean so like um you know settles into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between so I mean uh uh you know I mean so um the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide uh like okay um so okay okay um Tour, and finishing twelfth on the money list to regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may um well like so you know you know so okay be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name of um I mean well well you know you know so I mean the breed to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the you know you know okay I mean uh you know so um name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show - okay I mean I mean uh so well you know like offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell you know well so okay okay okay you know like the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company like so I mean I mean um well so so based in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system well um uh I mean okay okay well like that government, commercial and other organizations use to well okay so like like you know so okay determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim okay okay I mean okay um well so okay is to communicate to do a good cultural, social activities like so so I mean you know so so I mean and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September okay like I mean I mean you know well I mean you know 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of okay well um like I mean I mean I mean you know Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial I mean well like like you know well you know well brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which okay I mean well I mean um you know um you know includes a picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to um I mean uh um I mean uh like uh him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or I mean um so you know okay so okay I mean even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous uh uh I mean uh I mean like so okay 'Sutti Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station well so like I mean well you know I mean uh is said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned you know uh well okay um okay like like above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is like like I mean um uh you know well you know a Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, you know so I mean okay okay um okay I mean and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests okay uh you know I mean well uh okay you know twelve were killed during the The War of Power, so I mean I mean uh well I mean like uh due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests okay um uh well uh I mean um well that there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear well well I mean you know so well so you know supposedly trained by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained I mean so you know well uh so well you know by Paul having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W. Stevens (1895) in well um uh um okay so well okay 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee was so like well okay uh well um well the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was uh well I mean like so well you know um granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December well okay I mean okay okay I mean uh uh 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the uh I mean well you know like uh um like British Academy, an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI you know I mean you know so okay well well well Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their so well so well I mean well well you know first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two um uh uh um um um I mean I mean star as Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes uh like okay I mean uh um you know I mean (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth - place you know like so um like I mean so um candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first so so well okay okay well okay okay appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical um um you know you know um well uh like institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai like okay um well like like uh uh. Serves students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an I mean okay you know okay you know um like like affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at Gravesend, I mean um okay uh like um well I mean New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 I mean I mean okay well so like I mean well and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it moved to so I mean well okay well I mean like so Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to you know uh um well I mean okay uh like the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely well uh well um like I mean um you know the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World uh well um um so you know okay uh War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied Europe, this uh uh so okay okay like okay uh was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the uh uh uh well so okay you know you know last player selected in the NFL draft, and it um like uh I mean you know okay well like is a parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry I mean well like you know like so you know you know Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit so okay like um you know I mean I mean well Nagra as judges, and will be launching the second Manchester I mean well uh I mean I mean like uh uh Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in well I mean okay well well like I mean you know 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - so you know well like you know you know I mean so laden boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and I mean you know um um like so like um detonated, catching the vessel on fire and spewing um like okay um you know you know um I mean approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf uh so uh like I mean uh you know okay in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city of Long I mean well well I mean I mean like you know so Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a you know um I mean well um well well uh contemporary Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild okay well like well uh uh you know um West' era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the okay well well you know you know I mean well um new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead well so like so like well uh you know chose to run in the newly configured 6th like you know you know uh okay uh so you know district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality I mean like so well like I mean you know you know of Trent established the national guard and sent a patriotic like I mean so like okay like you know um appeal to the citizens in which they expressed so I mean like okay okay well you know um the wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, okay uh well um uh you know um so and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso like I mean okay you know you know um okay like continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko I mean well so well I mean I mean you know I mean (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade like um like like well you know I mean you know Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka so okay well well uh well um well Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, well uh um uh you know I mean you know uh acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, well like like you know um okay okay I mean distorted amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned uh uh okay okay so um well so him into a dangerous opponent, most likely due like like uh so uh well so so to his insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Orchestra I mean I mean uh okay well I mean okay uh in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it I mean well like well like like I mean so the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant like so um well like okay like I mean for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom I mean well like um you know so uh I mean 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, um uh like so like like I mean okay available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the so you know uh I mean I mean well okay I mean man to lead and entry to Tibet might be possible um okay well you know like uh um so because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize I mean like um so like well well you know some of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs uh uh you know okay uh like I mean you know created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) I mean so you know so like I mean you know so is an English professional rugby league footballer who played well like I mean okay um I mean I mean you know in the 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and well okay so I mean okay I mean well like at club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in well you know I mean okay like well I mean so Stockholm that it will have some of its mobile um uh um so okay okay okay uh phones made in India, and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics like I mean okay you know I mean uh okay you know and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of okay um um I mean so I mean like well Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful uh okay okay um like like you know like operation by Iran to retake the Dezful - uh like you know uh you know um um I mean Shush area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a string of successful albums, this so like you know well I mean like well I mean was her last rock - oriented album of um I mean um okay like um okay uh the 1980s, before she would go on to try a like um like I mean like okay uh um blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' uh so I mean you know you know um so you know was made, but the only member of the band featured so like well so you know um well uh was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure I mean uh you know okay well um um uh from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former American okay okay you know uh you know I mean like uh football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided you know uh uh so okay I mean you know um to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has been married twice and has three children by um I mean well so like well okay uh her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon um well okay you know um well okay so Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), I mean I mean um you know you know so you know okay who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot well so well I mean you know you know so uh - Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the daughter I mean so uh okay so um like I mean of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days of the election of a Conservative um I mean um like like um I mean okay government in June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret okay uh I mean well like um I mean so Thatcher, replaced both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - so so like so you know so like like pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the you know well well okay uh uh you know uh club struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback um okay so you know so um so well in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners like like like you know so I mean uh uh in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central Florida um so I mean um okay okay well uh theaters and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, well like like okay like okay well I mean Come Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, uh um I mean well well like uh uh and has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 season, Galatasaray so okay I mean like uh so I mean okay coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however so okay uh I mean okay like um I mean even today it is unknown who was responsible some uh you know so okay okay okay uh so point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the result only says that it would be better um well I mean like uh like well well if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the well I mean I mean um okay uh you know I mean Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are like um okay uh uh um like like made with a hand plane or other method of you know well well I mean like so well okay wood removal and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but um okay like you know I mean I mean well well the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth you know I mean um okay like okay like um ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which also um um uh well um so you know like provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is I mean well okay well uh okay like I mean an American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and I mean you know you know like well so like um had been thought to be the highest point in Montenegro, uh like okay well uh well um so but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is a Roman temple near the town that was uh so you know like okay I mean um um called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified I mean uh well I mean okay uh uh um amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou okay uh well like well okay so well / Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife um like well you know you know well so um Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had okay uh so well um so well I mean set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the I mean uh so well so so um I mean voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director of the so uh you know well uh so well like Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the south - east is to be found I mean um um so well okay um so the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay uh so so um um like you know okay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry I mean okay okay well okay okay um okay owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale to attack his um uh so okay you know well um uh hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a good season in which Kukësi so you know okay well you know like well well were crowned Albanian Superliga champions, on 5 June well okay like uh like well okay you know 2017, Musolli received a call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal okay so you know I mean like so you know okay Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at the like like so well like uh I mean well 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 uh I mean so so well um okay like AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was okay okay um you know so I mean well I mean later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey you know so um um I mean okay well okay the first he is an excellent principal the students so okay like like so like I mean I mean say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed like you know so I mean well you know well I mean one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George I mean um you know you know like so so well Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied I mean you know uh uh you know okay so I mean Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which can uh so uh so uh uh uh so be used to advance your position in discussion about the I mean you know you know um well well you know uh topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or like okay um okay so uh okay so if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 so you know so okay uh uh I mean uh energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, South uh you know uh I mean like well you know well Carolina, whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when the boys discover that the dolls are uh um uh I mean you know you know I mean like not authentic but cheap knock - offs (as okay well like okay so so okay uh the boys originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das okay um you know uh I mean so you know okay Gesetz der Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; you know well um well well um like uh never translated into English ), in which he you know so so like I mean I mean uh like recounted 100 or so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock you know well like I mean so like um um band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General well uh so okay so you know like well in the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing uh okay um so like I mean uh you know away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German you know uh I mean uh uh so well uh Cross in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the events of the previous games, the like I mean I mean like so okay uh like magical land of Gensokyo is once again at peace um well um I mean uh uh like you know until yōkai begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and so okay well so okay well well like a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, I mean like so I mean uh you know well uh including 112 heavy cavalry, and a similar number of infantry, from well okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean uh which around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries you know I mean uh uh uh you know well uh hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 well so uh well so uh um okay constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was okay um you know um uh like well I mean headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State I mean well like um you know like okay okay from 1978 - 1981 during this time he was okay so uh you know so okay like okay a starter for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which uh okay like uh you know I mean okay I mean was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he okay you know well like like you know uh okay distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, for so like so I mean you know I mean like like a Jewish Christian sect apparently centered in the um so well okay uh okay I mean well areas of Coele - Syria, Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in the well uh um I mean well so so um Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings I mean you know you know well like well I mean okay of the Jordan River as well as attacking the so I mean okay I mean well you know I mean uh Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily I mean so um um I mean you know you know so Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, well like well you know okay so uh like enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is a small town located in the north of you know like uh like okay like uh so Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 km you know so well so I mean um okay so (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - el - uh so okay uh uh well you know you know Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank well so I mean so well um okay you know used by the Army of the Soviet Union during World okay okay uh so like well uh well War II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on um well like like okay well uh like the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact you know like okay well you know you know uh you know conditions are flawed in the sense that these sensors would uh um um I mean uh okay okay I mean not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, I mean like like you know uh I mean so okay lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood you know okay like okay uh you know you know you know known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in your um like like so um okay okay well face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but um I mean you know like you know okay so um has succesfully found a cult audience in the US, so I mean like uh um you know you know so Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature okay uh so okay uh you know you know I mean of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The local you know you know so well okay well um um governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on uh okay I mean well like um well okay the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in okay so okay well um like uh okay 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her writings and also began I mean um so okay so like you know well to advance the terminology to describe her approach to an so well so you know like so so well intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly well uh like um like um you know uh used by the demoscene and related subcultures when I mean um like well you know um um like referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of um okay uh uh you know like um I mean the line the pioneers were digging under was subjected you know I mean you know like I mean you know you know you know to a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during um um well I mean so uh you know like which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time strategy I mean uh I mean um like like okay like and role - playing video game created by German I mean um okay um well like like well game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the okay um okay I mean okay okay you know you know boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as okay well well well so well like okay a general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving you know uh um so okay so um okay to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others in like I mean well I mean uh well I mean um the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, um well I mean well like well you know um and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological well well you know so well like you know okay organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' in you know so you know okay I mean okay uh well engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is secondary, such um okay like I mean I mean like um okay as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this has been like I mean okay well like uh uh you know often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many well like well um um so um so years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the okay uh so okay uh um okay I mean murder of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead um okay like you know okay like I mean uh of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within the you know well you know well like so like okay troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to um you know like so uh uh so so kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman I mean like you know like uh I mean so like Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had learnt the you know uh uh like so you know you know uh traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect in the case was arrested almost two uh well I mean uh so well so you know years later; police have said others were involved in well uh I mean well okay okay um uh what they consider a murder for hire motivated so like you know you know um okay okay I mean by Markel's bitter divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, and like uh so okay you know um um like the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there was no specific way to reverse okay like okay well so um you know so the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of so so well okay like uh like well a major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger um uh um you know so um um uh Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was initially expected to face Punk at I mean so I mean you know well you know I mean I mean UFC 202, but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in um well um well I mean um well so Lac La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver well well I mean well so I mean like you know medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is so um you know so you know well okay um a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is shown like okay um okay well I mean you know okay to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes of you know well I mean well like um um I mean direction in the line as it jogs its okay like like uh okay uh like well way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is subject well um you know uh I mean so well I mean to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to so um uh so so I mean uh um sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro uh I mean um um you know uh like like high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which I mean um um well I mean um um well appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as I mean uh like like well like well you know the work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented you know okay like so uh I mean you know um it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour so like you know so like so okay you know instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also voiced so I mean I mean so you know um like like a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O Kahini' so like okay uh so you know uh like (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr. T I mean uh so okay like um okay so and Pain played football at Brown University and um okay um I mean um so okay um Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that um um well well um so um um Jessie was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, and well you know um well well like I mean uh has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is clear that the Nazis were intent in uh well uh I mean um I mean you know so removing everything of value from their victims, and often went okay I mean so uh you know well well well further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of so uh well uh um you know so I mean Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was well I mean you know so so uh um um the daughter of a well - to - do well well um well okay uh well uh family, and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife so you know like so uh well well you know salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold okay um uh so so uh well I mean Simpson a 15 - inch (380 mm) German well well uh well uh I mean uh uh - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds I mean okay okay I mean so you know like you know a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect for the uh like um so like um okay I mean first time and concedes that the interpersonal aspects of the um well okay you know you know well so okay job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status okay okay I mean well like like okay well by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in so well um okay like okay like um diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally okay well I mean well uh so uh I mean not show the soft submissive temperament seen in lap uh so so so okay okay I mean uh dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in AC / DC's 2008 release well uh well you know well uh well I mean Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical so okay um uh like you know you know you know traditions and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always impose okay I mean I mean you know like you know uh you know trained judges who are presumed to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East Valley is a growing area of the Greater well uh um okay well I mean well well Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, um so so you know I mean so okay you know Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found okay um well um so uh um well only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt leaders uh so you know I mean um uh so I mean accountable for the damages and crimes, while supporting I mean um so you know okay um um like the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the well uh well so okay like uh so University of Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen okay so you know so well okay I mean uh Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and okay well you know okay uh you know you know well the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, tutoring well I mean okay uh you know uh I mean I mean for the Open University, founding the Unit for the Study um uh uh okay so uh like so of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving okay like well uh uh so like I mean from Turkey has advanced through the league system well well well well um so you know so and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and so um well like okay like okay I mean spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks like okay so okay uh um I mean well and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And in so okay okay you know uh well like I mean the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience as a you know uh so I mean well um you know like freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb I mean okay so okay I mean so okay uh squad robot, with the robot placing it in a 'total I mean I mean uh like um like like so containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police okay um I mean um you know you know I mean so truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened you know so I mean like I mean like well well his studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later okay I mean well I mean well um okay like enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, like so I mean so uh uh okay you know covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is to build uh well I mean well uh I mean I mean okay up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with the I mean I mean well like okay I mean um I mean development of family - focused initiatives and programmes so I mean you know you know well so well so to strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in so uh so uh okay you know like like Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director you know um I mean okay uh okay so okay of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his first you know like um I mean so uh I mean okay IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, James uh you know uh I mean so well okay well Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and so so you know well well I mean so you know Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of um I mean uh so okay like uh uh sustained first - person perspective in film as a reason you know okay I mean so uh uh uh okay for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James so so okay like I mean okay you know okay. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old manager an so um um um like I mean so well easy ride and let him add to the three title uh uh I mean you know like so I mean okay success he had managed them to in his time there, okay well like well like um uh uh but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing like uh so you know okay I mean okay so distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura like okay okay like so so like I mean marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery um uh so you know okay well like okay and trucks, in many cases the division made use of like like um um so okay um um captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and modified by like like so well you know uh uh so the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in well um uh you know I mean okay uh uh eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the former I mean uh well like uh you know like like left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon was among the first members of well well okay um um so okay like the Doce Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of okay like um so so well like okay the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of like I mean okay like well you know um um Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish you know you know okay uh uh you know like I mean 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when I mean well um I mean um you know okay okay the Swans drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers I mean you know um well you know like uh um on 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- like I mean I mean I mean like like okay well 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) so I mean I mean uh so okay uh so is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang um you know I mean I mean uh uh like so Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to you know um uh um well um so uh one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission uh I mean well I mean um um okay um approved nomination of the building for the National Register uh so um um okay well I mean uh of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided to reform like well uh you know so okay uh well himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed like so like um well um um you know in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 loyalists sought well I mean well uh okay like like well refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin uh like okay so I mean so well so is chosen as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image well I mean I mean like I mean you know you know you know character, however, when she realizes that she is pregnant I mean uh uh I mean uh uh so I mean with her second child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as well as I mean so you know okay well um uh um the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica as well, I mean well um so you know okay okay okay although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica were not well you know you know okay like you know well like linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions of okay well well you know uh well so well leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in uh like okay uh uh you know uh like Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican I mean you know um you know so okay um like Party, Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings during so you know you know well uh uh so like the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year - old like you know uh um okay uh okay well Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international so you know um uh so well okay well footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions so I mean um uh I mean like okay um F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and if um so you know so I mean uh like uh the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October well so um you know uh I mean you know so 1948 amid a flurry of press coverage; in January okay so uh I mean okay uh so so 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team okay um uh well like okay um uh of FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia you know I mean you know I mean like okay um like to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded um like so well you know like well uh in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically so you know okay uh okay um you know you know unified estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts of so okay well um I mean like like so Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager um you know well um like um um okay of the UIC and went on to publish several books, like uh okay um so well like like including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and available so like uh um like like okay well in the United States, while the GZ125 like okay uh um so like I mean so is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast you know I mean um uh uh I mean so I mean Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third insect uh uh well you know I mean so okay like to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing so you know um uh well uh you know you know the country on many international visits. Now days she uh you know well so so um well um is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu Bay, I mean okay you know so well okay uh you know Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 like so um I mean I mean so so well to Labour led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority I mean um okay so I mean you know I mean uh government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a Best well so you know um well um you know okay Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype uh well I mean you know I mean okay okay so directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And Professor well I mean uh like um uh so like John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke University where he well well okay uh you know well um so was the first Duke basketball player to earn All um okay um well like um like well - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of I mean well um okay you know I mean okay I mean the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot in so uh you know well uh like I mean I mean Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set I mean like um uh um I mean so um alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started like you know uh like okay um I mean so more than 100 years back providing education up like okay so uh okay so uh okay to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at uh okay I mean uh you know like uh you know the 2004 WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but well like so you know I mean so you know so lost to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst well like uh okay like okay like well ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes to Alma's house and finds out through like you know uh okay like you know you know I mean his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists uh so well you know you know um so like and even wrote a suicide note, saying that if uh you know so you know okay like I mean I mean she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; well well I mean I mean uh um uh you know his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came so like like um well okay so like up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip uh you know you know you know well well uh I mean hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get okay you know um like you know so so you know killed if he does so, Andy puts the final piece okay like um like I mean well uh I mean of on rock, which then falls into the portal, so okay um well okay I mean uh okay which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs okay um okay you know so you know so like to break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien you know you know like okay um like you know uh government's Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United so um like well you know okay you know okay States Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and okay like I mean um so um so uh emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, the so you know I mean uh well um like like coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or I mean well I mean like um like I mean so transport vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States uh like okay you know uh well you know you know during prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was okay um you know so uh uh so I mean developed under the GPL v3 license and offers a series of okay like like I mean I mean you know uh um full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- um okay okay um like you know well you know most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped like you know like so uh you know you know um at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be like so uh you know you know I mean well um a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the Sundanese uh uh okay well well uh like uh music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet each other and agree to call well you know well so like I mean I mean you know each other after they both wake up to see if I mean well uh okay I mean you know so um they were both really there and then Tyler uses I mean so so well like I mean uh okay the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars were fitted with vane - type um like you know I mean um I mean like you know superchargers, as the three main bearing engine was liable to I mean like I mean uh uh like okay um crankshaft failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a okay okay uh so like um you know so TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this I mean um I mean um like okay I mean well number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of the land origianlly deeded for the so like you know I mean uh like um so new campus was sold and developed with homes, but in okay like I mean I mean like uh like uh 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one of uh you know like you know like uh like uh the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is based on the 2010 book of the okay okay um uh you know um you know well same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of 2007 okay I mean uh uh so like so I mean -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased uh okay uh well um okay uh um recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that so so like okay I mean um uh okay they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), well um uh uh you know like okay I mean since 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member well you know well uh so uh uh okay on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the okay okay um so um um I mean like Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 like you know I mean I mean um well like I mean yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl so so uh uh so I mean uh well - siloxane as a starting reagent, with a uh well um like well well um like platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe you know you know I mean okay I mean um um so she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer I mean like um okay I mean you know um so Museum, which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also provides a platform for consensus - building I mean um like well well you know okay you know and networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and uh so well well um like you know so rare but possibly provided variable gene functions like uh uh I mean so um um um you know greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where so you know okay so uh um well um he attended Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' okay um uh uh uh well okay well while his short stories have been published in a number uh well like well um you know okay so of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, and Mr um so so uh like okay well like. Bennet explains that her that Chandra has a list with uh you know I mean well like I mean so I mean Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in uh you know so well okay I mean okay you know Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, by the uh you know um you know well okay um I mean Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making okay like you know so uh um well okay 51 appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was well so like um you know okay like um a key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to like um you know so um uh you know you know Girls 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped penning so you know like so well okay uh well the lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in um so um you know so like um you know the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of well like well like you know you know like you know the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances like you know I mean so uh you know uh you know of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of North like uh like like um well like well Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's iconic cover image of the jack of well well you know uh so I mean um um diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet is uh okay okay like well well I mean you know used in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage I mean um I mean okay like so um so sources (primary and secondary batteries); however, there well so like well okay um well um are no convenient, constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the like okay I mean like uh so I mean I mean release of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish okay well so uh okay so okay I mean Academy of Music & Drama he won a Laurence Olivier uh I mean uh so I mean like well you know Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 he returned to London, having made no well like okay uh like like so you know profit with the exception of the sale of like so well uh um you know uh uh his farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously I mean you know okay uh okay uh okay well out of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons so you know uh okay like um uh you know & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus you know uh well uh um like okay so Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering uh well like you know uh so okay like services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew like okay you know okay uh well well okay they become evermore corrupted by the influence of power okay you know okay okay uh you know well um and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer uh like you know um well okay um well who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services group that is you know okay like um um you know you know okay listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic island there well uh okay so so you know well okay are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and um well I mean I mean um like so um Offspring, the son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab uh like like I mean okay like uh uh Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the court like uh I mean um okay I mean like well system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 uh so um like well you know I mean um March 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a well like I mean well well you know okay you know synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 well well I mean well well uh I mean well as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and like uh I mean um uh well okay okay communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and you know so well uh uh um uh so develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was aware of how different the two tracks like okay um so okay like you know like were and that it would be 'exciting' to visit you know so you know um well I mean like like the city for the first time and his team you know uh like I mean um um well um wanted to maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given so um okay uh uh I mean okay I mean to the antelope mainly due to its great size, I mean like I mean you know um like okay okay but it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence was found that the design was submitted to so okay well uh um well so so the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter I mean like you know okay I mean I mean uh I mean with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the I mean so well okay well you know I mean you know University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe uh so uh well you know I mean well uh who gained the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe I mean I mean you know um well well well um the tattooed bodies of the people residing in so uh uh so you know like you know you know the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player like I mean okay uh well okay you know um for Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan so you know like I mean okay um well so for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently so you know so uh okay I mean okay so used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with uh you know I mean like uh so okay um the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced in August 2006, this version is based on well uh well well okay um you know um a different model than the earlier two editions, I mean I mean I mean um uh uh uh I mean and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king well uh like like uh like okay uh soon tired of the long journey and was so you know um so okay uh well well bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark like like you know you know uh okay like like (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the service being I mean uh I mean like uh um okay like withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, I mean uh uh like so I mean uh like online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible to um well you know um so okay well okay hold real - time audio and video conversations over okay so you know um I mean so um well the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared um you know uh I mean you know I mean so okay the city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) and okay I mean you know like so you know okay um indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff uh um you know I mean okay I mean well okay the action was begun via an attachment of privilege; like you know I mean well so well um so if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a you know okay well uh so well uh okay mandolin tuned like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two like so well you know I mean um well uh events occurring in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under I mean you know uh um um okay well I mean Teuta attacking the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests okay uh you know you know I mean okay um uh took place in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts I mean you know okay like you know well well so player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) is I mean I mean well I mean well uh I mean uh a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO of the you know you know like uh I mean you know uh you know Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier well you know like you know so okay like well arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch you know like like I mean I mean you know well you know Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 notable is you know I mean well okay okay like okay I mean that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and okay so you know you know like uh um well the old skool rave / jungle techno sound and uh well um I mean okay well like um releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects like you know you know I mean okay okay so you know in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken in well so well you know um like okay well Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on uh um so uh like uh um uh 1 July 1876, and worked first as a school teacher well I mean okay uh well um so you know in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left uh okay okay um so I mean so I mean Germany in January 1933, and seven months old, John um so you know okay like uh um well and his mother arrived in England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, well you know okay um um you know okay um North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North like okay um well like okay okay um lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of October like uh well um so uh uh like 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Football Club in uh you know um I mean so you know you know um the Australian Football League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett you know like um well I mean I mean um so became the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town uh so okay so like well um so was abandoned around 1889, at which time he left well like like um you know I mean so okay Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he was working at like you know you know you know you know so like well a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting was greatly so like you know you know you know okay you know like complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, California you know so so like well so uh you know and is mostly known for his time with the Boston Celtics you know like uh okay you know you know like uh in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under so I mean you know I mean uh like you know um Amasis II. This brief period of Egyptian domination left um uh you know well uh well uh you know its influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the well well so like so uh okay I mean rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with like so okay like okay so okay well Search for a Star (Launched as a joint project uh well so uh um um okay uh with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour I mean I mean I mean um well uh you know so portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter so you know like like well like I mean uh what the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has like um okay well um you know okay well a degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship you know I mean so okay okay uh so okay to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a well um you know well you know I mean you know well cave chamber full of water at less than atmospheric pressure uh so okay like okay you know I mean like which is formed when the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, you know okay I mean so um like so like 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white you know like so you know uh you know um I mean Boston attorney who later went on to become president um like you know uh well I mean uh okay of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president you know uh you know uh okay you know okay um of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find like well like you know um so um um a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need one; however I mean I mean well um you know you know so so Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for many years, silver you know you know well uh so well well so was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and um like uh you know uh you know well uh a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in okay okay like you know you know I mean uh um Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, a run down the hill would consist uh uh so well you know well um so of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp okay okay so um okay like you know so turns to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with like I mean okay I mean well like so I mean no father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura um uh so I mean well well like you know is part of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming you know like like well you know well like like sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the physical I mean you know well okay so um okay so land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to be um okay um well okay like uh like part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported well okay so I mean you know well you know okay to be in fair health in 2008, at uh like you know um um so um I mean which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September okay so uh okay okay uh so um 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would I mean well like well so uh well you know purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera received an like you know you know so uh um so uh order to sew a number of Russian military uniforms that like um you know um well um um okay later were used in an exchange of gunfire at uh um like like well um you know you know Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both so well well well okay okay I mean I mean credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way like like so well okay so you know uh of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan like so so I mean like I mean you know okay Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on the site like um I mean like so so okay I mean of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, whose ruins um well okay um you know uh um well served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is afraid like like I mean well I mean you know you know um to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information okay like so so okay well like um Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, like well you know well you know um so um the Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years um so okay well like so okay you know of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his um I mean like like like okay I mean well henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, which well so like well I mean well so so they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character uh you know well like well like well so and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a I mean so you know like like I mean well okay poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 um you know like okay so so so you know colours but the resolution could go up to um so like okay okay well okay well 1024 × 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color so um I mean you know like uh you know you know depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, but during okay you know uh so well uh so like the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer like uh like well well um um you know Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional you know so uh um like okay like uh wrestling pay - per - view (PPV) event produced I mean uh I mean like um I mean so well by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March like okay like I mean you know so uh um 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 so well well you know uh um okay well and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) uh I mean I mean you know well you know so you know of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become ensnared like um uh um uh like you know so in its web, killing them with its venom you know uh uh I mean like well you know you know before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent okay okay um so okay you know well I mean may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would probably okay I mean well uh like like well okay only be knocked back in this situation, the referee would most uh I mean uh well so I mean well uh likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses well so you know okay okay uh you know uh as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to you know I mean well I mean okay uh well um send strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto okay well um um you know uh well well the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity so so so you know okay well I mean okay and patriotic values, and that is why they are um so so I mean so I mean I mean uh still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian uh like so um you know so I mean you know international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol so okay well uh so uh I mean you know and Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of Glasgow gangster like uh I mean well so um okay uh Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting uh okay I mean well well I mean you know so rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an Algerian you know like you know like I mean like well you know football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of Cesar located so like uh you know I mean well I mean um in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi you know I mean like I mean uh uh uh well was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that massacred the well um so um well you know you know um Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco I mean so I mean I mean um so I mean well - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions you know uh okay uh like well okay I mean helped define the field of American paleontology; he was like I mean like okay I mean I mean so uh a prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published I mean okay I mean well okay uh um you know over his lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which so you know okay so uh so so you know meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original project its from 1771, and its um you know so you know okay I mean um like conclusion and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano uh you know well like like okay I mean uh de Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or I mean you know I mean like like I mean uh well Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic um so okay well I mean well okay so turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who you know uh uh um so like well well were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and um uh you know okay I mean so so um the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands you know like you know okay so well well well on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around 1770 by the Duke of I mean okay okay well so like well well Berwick to a design by the architect Ventura well like um uh well um I mean like Rodríguez, it currently belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - like um I mean you know um like well so James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, court like you know you know like well you know um like litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and well well you know uh you know um I mean um Serpentor and took them to their hidden headquarters to okay um like like I mean uh uh I mean try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor so uh um well okay I mean um okay in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to sign um well well uh you know you know well like an American player when they signed former major league pitcher you know well uh I mean like so I mean so Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played in I mean so well you know well I mean like so 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which okay okay uh well so I mean like okay Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she I mean so um you know well well um well worked as a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals okay uh okay uh um like uh you know for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third well I mean well I mean I mean so okay well - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be I mean you know well okay uh uh uh um reached by land) structure in the world, but there are you know well well uh I mean so uh I mean nomonolithic rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study symphonic I mean um okay well uh um so okay orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not I mean you know I mean so like you know you know I mean well known, they are regularly seen around the islands as well so like okay you know okay I mean uh I mean as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade was designed as a short - range naval so you know like so well so um um weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to like well so uh um like you know you know have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in okay uh like like I mean um well like 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, the you know I mean like you know uh like like um Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops a riot on the way between a number of like you know okay like you know okay uh like crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March 2011, when asked if he was the like uh um you know you know okay well like rightful heir, Idris said a family council would decide who okay um well um okay okay you know um would be king, not an heir, and that I mean um uh like like I mean you know so his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station shared studio space and staff with its I mean like so I mean well uh so like sister station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in well you know like I mean um you know um so Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her graduation, she has performed several um you know uh uh well you know uh uh major roles for the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and like well okay okay uh okay okay um Juliet she shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, like you know like well um um okay so Season 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: so so um okay I mean okay uh um 19. 495 and took his sixth pole position of well okay uh you know I mean um so like the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the Habsburg uh I mean like so so um you know like Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the so so I mean uh so like uh uh Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars of King you know uh well like I mean uh like I mean Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' you know I mean I mean so okay I mean uh uh ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed elements so so I mean um uh um well like of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North America later so um well okay okay like so uh that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and um um so well I mean well you know okay led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered well um okay I mean like uh I mean you know London on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but well like I mean well um like you know so lost the DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band Nangma just toured the United States in you know you know um so um uh you know okay April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south uh um um like okay you know well uh India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California um um so like well you know I mean okay Excellence in Business Award in the non-profit category as you know uh like like okay like so I mean presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom or Breda um uh you know um you know so okay you know but at the same time he had worked like uh um okay um uh like so up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, to um okay I mean like okay so I mean well which she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born well okay uh I mean uh um I mean I mean in Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish okay well you know okay you know I mean well like and Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 to like uh I mean well you know you know like you know 1927 was called the Nevada - California - so like uh well so so uh well Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as like like so I mean uh like so okay a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is um well okay well um I mean okay like surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by I mean so you know well okay well like I mean Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring is the name of several DC well like you know well you know I mean so um Comics supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 I mean so uh um uh okay so so and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, like I mean I mean well you know uh so well the red pigment in blood, but are also found in okay I mean you know okay uh okay uh like a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' um okay um um you know you know uh well (1981), part of a collection of dances in a piece entitled okay uh so so uh okay you know like 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American um so so like like well I mean so Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer um um um like so I mean uh you know from Des Moines and the elder brother of travel writer Bill well I mean so uh uh like um well Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born & okay uh um I mean uh so okay um bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, you know well uh um you know um so well Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, um you know well well like well I mean you know Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the like okay I mean so well so uh so premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly until uh um okay you know okay okay you know well the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but well so okay uh so um like well shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian uh so okay like I mean okay uh I mean professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for okay uh okay uh like uh okay I mean the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a player, he was said to be very okay um you know okay well well like okay smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious case of alcoholism um I mean well so you know like so uh and having never previously consumed anything stronger than milk, he um uh like you know I mean you know well you know began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member of the board of Amnesty International USA like like okay um like okay like I mean at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that okay like so so like like you know uh Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real like so okay so I mean I mean you know well estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - use I mean well so I mean I mean well like I mean developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts now refer more people to treatment okay well um you know uh you know well like than any other intervention in America, however, it should like okay uh you know well uh you know well be noted that often Drug courts are the only avenue uh okay so you know so so um uh for entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim like so you know I mean so okay um well as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his I mean uh you know um uh like like I mean plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of the I mean well you know like I mean so uh okay KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova okay okay okay um I mean you know okay so is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian I mean uh well you know like um you know you know professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the okay so so uh okay um like you know women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and I mean uh okay you know I mean like um so Yukon, will be held from January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and so well so I mean like well um um abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering you know okay so so so so um well with mud the whole French army, and I mean I mean like well you know um like um even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train um I mean okay okay uh so okay well one day from Twickenham to his like uh uh I mean so um so well office in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, bisected so like so I mean okay uh like well by the entrance road and connected via an uh well you know well so you know okay uh underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than in you know well well like I mean you know uh so other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from so I mean um okay okay well you know okay the hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to so like like well okay like well so identify a younger male or female that an older individual so okay well uh I mean I mean uh like was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either okay you know you know um well so okay so the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word so um um well you know uh um okay 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H well so okay okay you know like you know well. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, even I mean um well so you know you know um like though she is never seen using it, and was removed in okay I mean I mean um so um so well the PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high school, um I mean uh okay okay well I mean um and soon after booked her first two jobs in one well um um uh so I mean um you know day, a cameo in the Academy Award winning Juno so okay well so okay I mean okay okay and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April so uh uh well like like uh so 1946 in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland so like I mean so like like uh okay in August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent okay well well so so I mean uh like to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station in well I mean um um so so like so the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a like you know so like so well so so successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, like well uh like like you know well um Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and you know I mean like um like I mean I mean uh video from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had well well um I mean so you know you know um turned toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like I mean um so I mean so well you know uh 'Narrative of Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from the British so um uh well so you know you know like public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the I mean I mean well uh I mean like um so original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is also the author of over 20 books like uh well you know you know I mean so uh and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by okay okay so well I mean I mean you know you know him and he confronts her about the engagement telling her you know I mean um well I mean okay you know like that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British like well so I mean okay you know like like prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place uh so well so okay um um um until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official video premiered on her official website on 23 November well like well like I mean like um um and then went to all UK music channels, the okay well uh well you know so you know like video is black and white and sees Ferguson singing along um uh um uh um okay uh so with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of you know I mean well well like uh um okay Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, so well you know um okay um uh uh Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club well well so okay I mean um you know so there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put the you know so um uh well so uh so basis of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The um okay I mean you know like okay you know uh Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical okay so okay okay well um I mean um attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as I mean uh uh well well uh well you know the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn well um you know like you know uh I mean so Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably like you know um um well okay I mean so Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, uh um so okay well um um I mean which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) I mean you know so okay like like okay you know is a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding officer of well okay okay well you know I mean well so HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as Second um um so uh like I mean um uh - in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron well you know so well um like like um from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, like like you know you know uh okay you know okay Minnesota, United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and his uh okay I mean well okay okay um uh book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it was um uh okay so you know like okay like also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Broadcasting executives said uh you know uh well uh okay um uh they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel 48), a I mean uh okay I mean you know okay uh okay Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook um so so I mean you know I mean um uh vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was known for its brickyards, some early ones I mean um I mean you know uh well well like were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead like like so I mean well um like okay - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and named okay like you know so um um so okay by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, uh okay okay you know uh okay so like Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing okay like so well um okay um um the volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location I mean I mean uh you know uh okay okay um in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in well uh like so you know uh I mean okay the design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to like well uh I mean uh uh okay I mean work for her on missions other A. R. G like you know um I mean well well you know okay. U. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries well I mean okay you know um I mean so okay to have Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham riot, okay like okay okay you know okay okay well on September 7 and 8, in response to anti-Asian activists I mean um okay so I mean you know okay um becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) is a like like like you know okay I mean uh well French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized a research team you know like um like so okay you know okay to conduct a detailed case study on her, uh um I mean like so uh uh um and in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital you know like well well well um you know like scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive so uh I mean I mean I mean like okay um positions in North Sydney including beach defences to respond like so I mean well you know you know so I mean to possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and like like you know I mean um well well okay Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single well okay uh um okay um okay like runway airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues band I mean okay um uh um so I mean um Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an international he played five times for Ireland before okay okay uh like uh like um so it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, you know you know um okay okay I mean okay like 2001), born Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became you know um uh okay like you know like so the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced of okay I mean um you know you know you know I mean so him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd I mean you know uh okay you know well like like conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he wishes to marry like I mean okay I mean well um uh like the princess, but she laughs and tells him that like I mean well uh well so I mean you know a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more like uh well okay so so well so off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing the music um uh like you know like uh well so with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran well uh okay you know okay uh so so ) was the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority like uh um I mean like so so um of the town late Monday evening after you know you know so I mean um like you know I mean an earlier battle between Government troops and DKBA forces, and uh well okay okay so I mean I mean like by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year in uh like okay uh like well so um the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical well um uh you know like uh um so perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade of the 1980s in film saw the okay okay uh so um I mean um so return of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military team there have discovered an alien pod; while I mean okay you know so you know like well you know examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at so I mean you know um I mean okay um well 24 Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade I mean okay like okay I mean uh I mean uh Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve so so so um okay uh so uh white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' well um like well uh well uh okay in green letters, printed on the bottom front of well uh so okay I mean okay I mean you know collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to okay I mean okay uh I mean so I mean you know be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which okay I mean I mean I mean okay okay uh like was also used by other Residents and Governors, and so well uh um well you know um uh you know it became known as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort you know so well I mean you know um I mean you know Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in uh like I mean uh so like um I mean Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - okay like uh uh you know like so okay 1973) was a Fijian chief and statesman, who played a major you know well like uh so well well like role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits a I mean so I mean okay you know you know so well bearded man in a black suit jacket with white lining, so so I mean so well um um um who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro like okay you know I mean I mean I mean so so killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought so okay um okay well uh you know I mean to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record too received very positive reviews, but you know so um um like you know you know so it failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1. 01 okay well you know I mean um like like you know males to 1 female -- the greater number of uh you know uh so I mean um uh like men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made okay uh like you know uh you know like so 3/2 favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race okay uh okay well like I mean uh well with a fever and won by two lengths from Star um well um I mean like um like um Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie well so um you know you know you know I mean well Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with Rey I mean so like I mean okay so I mean um Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer well so I mean okay okay I mean okay I mean who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at uh okay uh you know you know um um um representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and you know I mean um I mean so okay like well the Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block uh okay um uh you know so I mean like building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was I mean you know um uh okay well okay okay founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting you know like well so uh um well uh place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the I mean um uh uh so uh you know uh rights and privileges granted to Russia by China in uh so okay you know I mean well okay um the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged like you know uh uh I mean like um um by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included well like I mean um um I mean okay you know absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, uh so um like like well I mean you know while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both I mean so so like you know okay like uh were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's like uh uh well so you know okay like wife, mother, and two sisters - in - law to okay okay okay well okay um well well gain control of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that time, due to distributor and other matters beyond um well well okay well okay well okay the group's control, these two releases failed to get so uh I mean you know um um so so sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation you know well uh you know uh you know okay you know was just short of 100, 000, but it would not you know so well I mean um uh okay you know be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this time, the town consisted of only one uh um like well um well like like whiskey and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of okay well okay like uh um so um railroad workers, but this store was later joined by well okay okay I mean like like uh I mean a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in okay uh well um okay um well you know the chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope well you know like um you know like you know you know until she was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin you know so well uh I mean like um okay located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its like so well um I mean okay like like donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned shortly um uh like you know okay well well uh after the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall you know so I mean so like you know like so in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas like so um like you know I mean okay okay Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced I mean I mean well like so uh you know uh veteran artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned um um um okay uh well you know uh Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - um well I mean you know well well like um 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 like um uh okay okay you know I mean like September 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC okay okay well I mean so okay uh uh in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the um well you know okay I mean okay well I mean ring, but is dismayed when he finds out uh okay well um like well like so that Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of okay okay so well like um um you know a 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan like I mean well you know um like like so Phillippe and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the school you know um well like like I mean okay like year of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced Karatedo as I mean okay so you know um I mean okay uh a sport in school and a regular P. E so so okay well um um okay well. Subject to all pupils and presently he is okay well well okay well like like I mean the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is referred to as a large keelson is actually okay you know like I mean uh um you know okay a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made of like you know um like you know um you know okay oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and okay like um I mean I mean okay well well by 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, so I mean I mean um you know I mean I mean I mean Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in the okay so like like uh like you know so release; these are short - form pop songs featuring lead um so uh so I mean okay um so vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that so uh um you know you know so you know um is a member institution of the Sydney College of um I mean I mean okay so well like you know Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate uh um like okay um so okay I mean qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their you know um like okay I mean okay okay uh apartment, and becomes a slave of her own paranoid fears, and becoming like I mean well so uh I mean okay like increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan I mean uh okay I mean so I mean uh uh society; the president oversees this and the would be like okay so I mean like I mean uh so king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick for I mean um well okay well I mean I mean I mean all the character's bodily movements; minor movements well like uh like well you know uh okay to the stick controlled the upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much - like so so uh so I mean okay um improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum amount of you know you know like um like uh uh well energy they could produce would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an okay you know well um I mean uh like well English footballer who plays for Football League Championship um you know well well um so I mean so side Huddersfield Town as a striker and has represented England at so so okay I mean I mean so like like U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight so uh you know okay so well okay so operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on okay uh so well you know so you know okay 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would uh so uh um well uh okay like frighten the peasants but quite the opposite was true - okay well like okay you know you know I mean so over the next year they secretly prepared for war, you know um uh okay okay well well you know recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - range like um well you know okay like I mean okay rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, due to the uh I mean like okay like um um like quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located like you know I mean uh well uh well I mean from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above okay you know like like um like um um sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory so okay I mean like like uh you know like from 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the like well I mean um well okay uh um lab as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled well well you know okay um um I mean so by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the Black uh okay well okay so okay like so Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in the you know um you know I mean uh okay okay so Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold on okay um um uh um um like I mean Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt to storm I mean like so well I mean I mean like so the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston like well um so okay um okay um (1780 -- 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), so I mean you know uh uh well you know uh and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the um uh like well uh well like you know grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop um okay like you know uh okay um well group, founded in 1963 in North London, best known for like okay uh so I mean so uh so their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - like okay um okay well uh you know like these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the CS2000 okay I mean okay so well okay well uh & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus to you know I mean like like okay you know you know well warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons the I mean so like well well like so okay audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the okay uh um well uh you know um you know Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 you know so uh so well um so uh and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed okay I mean I mean okay well well so like a new constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that I mean well I mean you know well so okay so persisted into the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because like so like okay so okay uh so of his desire to unite all all Slavs in I mean so okay I mean you know okay well uh one Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held uh okay you know you know uh okay you know well until his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in the uh um okay like like you know um okay ITV comedy drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which um well I mean well uh you know uh like also starred Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat I mean like I mean you know uh okay okay you know conference voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called uh like okay well I mean I mean okay so for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue to well um well okay like you know uh like engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or uh you know so uh like um like you know Meranie,) was created during the German Empire time. It is you know okay like I mean uh like I mean well also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing and like I mean well uh well like well you know was featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % so um um like you know so okay so of the oil had been contained and that the slick you know so I mean you know okay okay um well had been removed from about 95 % of Bribie Island, 85 I mean I mean well so okay um you know you know % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which so okay okay um well um you know uh sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw uh well like I mean uh uh like so very limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to so like okay um I mean you know I mean you know 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around like okay I mean well you know I mean you know well Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, well like uh okay so okay like I mean who announced that his objective was the capture of um well uh okay um well like well the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew well okay so you know like well you know well from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there have been some discrepancies with the use okay uh um um like so um I mean of this method including differences in observations when using single and I mean well so um well okay um well multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director of the FOX um so you know so uh so well you know series 'The O. C.' She had a six - episode you know like you know um well well like you know recurring role as Holly Fischer in the first season so uh okay okay um okay so well of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) uh like so um well you know okay you know and other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as you know well okay like like you know um well the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted uh well uh um you know you know so um retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell uh I mean well okay okay I mean you know you know (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are often used by open source projects and other multi-developer um um you know like like well uh you know projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December 27, 1995) okay uh okay I mean well you know you know um was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to 315, I mean well like um uh I mean like so 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, in um I mean so I mean okay like like uh each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior okay well well okay okay uh uh uh squad for the first time in May 2007 like so like you know um so like I mean for an end of season tour to the United States like uh uh you know okay you know so um and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's stronghold uh well well okay uh you know okay okay at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the local defenders; like like well um uh you know you know I mean after the battle's end, he fled to Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various types okay well like I mean um um I mean like and models for fixed - route service, and over like well you know I mean um so okay uh 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit like I mean well I mean so okay uh like service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during World well okay I mean um okay like uh you know War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and so so um well uh I mean uh you know was released just before Christmas on the 18th like um okay well well uh um well December 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from okay so uh uh so you know okay well iTunes UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon characterised like okay um you know I mean uh so you know by a tail composed of 30 to 40 um I mean I mean you know um uh you know I mean feathers, abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria well like okay okay okay um uh so the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer I mean I mean you know you know well um um uh and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 but could you know uh okay I mean okay well okay I mean not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring you know well so I mean like so you know you know with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and green, you know uh so like uh um um um and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the season she had a strong fondness for uh well uh okay well so okay I mean Jessie, sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in um uh okay you know uh I mean like so downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, like like okay uh um um I mean I mean the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of uh you know you know uh well um I mean well Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to be not I mean um so like well like okay I mean only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch like um well okay uh I mean so like of the present church, and the church okay uh I mean like uh well okay so is famous for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the you know so uh okay I mean so like um above list, but one source estimates the population at um you know okay like okay well so well only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture um so so well uh so uh like and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, this like uh uh I mean okay well you know uh requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of the sandy I mean you know well you know uh uh like well nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space I mean okay I mean so I mean like well uh - based experiment to test the theory of general relativity, so uh like um so I mean okay uh performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was okay so I mean I mean well I mean you know like headlined in newspapers across the United States, as for example okay okay you know you know um I mean like you know on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of I mean so okay okay like well okay uh Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album of the same name was also uh so okay like like well okay well released following the song's success, which was also quite you know okay you know like um okay you know you know successful as was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play home uh well well like uh you know well so games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other gods however sensed the plot and held off okay I mean uh uh I mean I mean um like from eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops back well so well uh okay so like um to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have well you know I mean I mean so you know you know so lead if they got married, however the realism so like I mean um um well so uh influence on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created the name in 1999 for the well like you know I mean I mean okay like so purpose of playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing so you know like um I mean okay well so Bob Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began training in 1962 at the uh uh okay I mean you know okay like um age of eleven at the National Ballet School of Canada, I mean okay um okay okay you know um okay for seven years and upon graduation in like I mean um well um you know um like 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in um like I mean so like uh okay well their late grandfather's attic and brought it to okay you know so okay you know okay you know well the attention of a local reporter, whose TV news report uh uh um uh uh um uh I mean on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town like uh okay you know uh you know um okay was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is so okay like well so I mean I mean like a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this includes: reviews so I mean I mean okay well you know I mean um of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to um uh um well so so so uh suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his talent well I mean you know you know I mean like okay you know led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing so well uh so well well okay I mean the seat of Frome in the South Australian House um so um so I mean you know so uh of Assembly as an Independent, after a shock win at you know you know you know um so you know um so the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit I mean okay you know you know um you know you know I mean within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a uh okay uh you know okay uh like so county located in the Central Valley of the U I mean well you know um uh um well I mean. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death also led to a four - year okay okay I mean like so well well uh hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under well I mean like you know so um um you know the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus like okay you know you know like so uh you know Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' ) I mean I mean uh well like okay so okay was a program devised by the CIA in early so you know well uh you know so well you know 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - so like okay okay uh you know I mean you know June 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several more uh uh okay so well um okay okay times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a creator. Philadelphia um okay you know um I mean like well well for a few more years, teaching and practicing medicine, like well you know well like you know uh um until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against I mean so okay okay you know okay you know well Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - uh so uh I mean well I mean uh uh once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground floor and well like so so okay okay okay I mean sadly the rest of the house became little more uh you know you know um um so okay okay than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia well so you know I mean like like like okay Bayley (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, well like um like you know I mean you know okay 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around well okay um okay so okay so you know 1685 were in part a reunification of the old La uh well so so I mean I mean so I mean Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large population of I mean I mean like you know okay well well okay Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, like okay well like so well um okay resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and POL you know I mean I mean I mean okay well like well. Vang Pao now regained the confidence in air like I mean I mean you know you know so well uh power that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of well well uh um I mean like so um old Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton like uh so I mean um okay you know you know Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where he teaches okay like um uh um um I mean uh journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was one of the founders of Taki Rua okay I mean uh um okay um um I mean Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural okay like well um I mean like well so works and saw the emergence of award winning Maori theatre you know like um uh you know uh I mean I mean particularly in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the Dark okay I mean like so like you know um I mean Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush Shun (literally), well you know uh I mean uh like okay like Ryu steps in to stop the fight, the fight um well I mean you know I mean I mean like so takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired ice you know so well so like I mean you know okay hockey player who played in the National Hockey League so so okay well um so like you know with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made like well I mean you know um so like uh a huge financial investment in an effort to win another you know uh okay well okay uh you know so European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 I mean well okay um well um you know uh and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, I mean well uh well okay well I mean like and she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, um well um uh so um like okay much to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine um um you know you know I mean well you know uh appeared in the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to um you know okay uh so I mean um well avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 you know you know I mean you know you know um um so in the early 1990s, where he did his you know you know okay I mean so like so um formal training at the Rubin Academy of Music well you know so um well so um well and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves managed uh um um I mean I mean I mean you know so by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both ends of the road completely flooded, the group like okay I mean like okay so okay like prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly find there is an uh like um well like like like well unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands okay like so uh uh like I mean you know section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV um so um okay uh um like uh and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility like so like okay like okay I mean I mean at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from the inside well well okay I mean so I mean uh so to the outside of the body, the back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', Turkey I mean well you know uh um well so well ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk well you know so so uh well so uh galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies so okay like um uh uh okay um currently known, at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six okay uh so you know like well um um and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the uh well like so well um you know okay diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and like well like like like like like I mean became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for the you know uh so okay you know you know okay okay Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 um okay I mean you know um like well well MLS Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged a uh uh like um okay well uh you know group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the air into so you know like I mean well well you know you know the water; the air is compressed by surrounding water pressure (which increases so so so okay okay like uh so under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military uh okay like okay okay um um like said that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki uh I mean uh well well okay you know I mean himself, and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has done a few television commercials for popular uh so so you know okay like well uh brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story because her uh I mean okay so okay okay uh so grandmother is dying and she feels like she is well um well so okay you know um okay killing her because the fairy godmother finally found a replacement and um uh okay um I mean uh so so now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, um so um um okay like I mean um 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total I mean um so I mean uh you know well um population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now okay okay uh well like well you know uh the dominant cultural force; a number of its well so so uh well uh you know you know members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite you know so well okay um um so uh of Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing I mean you know well well uh so uh um and services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world I mean like you know so you know well um okay markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of I mean well okay so well so I mean um St Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, okay you know you know you know well well I mean like Kentucky, where the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, like uh um I mean um uh okay I mean who attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who um I mean so you know I mean um so um went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was uh so like uh so like uh okay a candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is so um well okay I mean you know okay like currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased like so you know okay so I mean uh like and this particular escape route became less and less important, uh uh okay like um I mean uh uh other means of leaving the GDR were used more um you know like uh so okay like I mean often, for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, uh I mean you know like um I mean like you know which was celebrated on the first Sunday of like so so you know okay okay I mean well October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he switched to union and made his debut for uh well um well I mean well okay well France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where captain um well well so um like like well Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers and um well um well like you know I mean uh magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two well okay you know okay I mean like like so LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been I mean okay um okay so like like well used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires well okay well well I mean you know okay so Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning um uh uh um um I mean so I mean into the next track, a Phil Collins cover I mean like uh I mean I mean I mean you know well from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, well um okay you know well uh uh like the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is named um I mean I mean you know okay you know okay so after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity so so so you know I mean like um like of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later okay so so well you know okay like like reached a career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon capture I mean you know so I mean well well uh okay that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as you know I mean I mean okay okay um I mean okay opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions you know okay okay um um okay well like of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and I mean you know okay I mean um I mean well uh gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered with a um like uh like you know so you know so very low initial interest rate ( a so - well like uh uh well you know uh you know called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum payment, like so uh I mean so like okay you know which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy um uh so I mean you know so I mean like was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, uh uh uh you know uh so uh uh 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival I mean um I mean um I mean you know um okay of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars you know uh well so well so um uh and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I well like you know um so like um uh and Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to okay like well uh well well like I mean obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of well you know I mean so like well you know like both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great so you know I mean uh so so okay you know number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of 1990 you know you know okay uh I mean you know you know so as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade you know so I mean well you know you know you know I mean 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct location for docking for GSP is after the so I mean like uh uh you know so um caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail you know so you know I mean um I mean I mean well to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light like well okay uh you know um okay uh for defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed from uh okay so uh you know I mean well you know cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December uh okay so okay um you know well uh 2006) was an English children's author born in 1920 and um you know well I mean um like um so brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in uh you know so okay uh uh like so the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' um um like you know um I mean well you know (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University in uh you know well uh um you know uh so the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of like well you know you know uh um you know okay history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city I mean like I mean you know you know okay so like of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in so um okay uh I mean I mean um like 1987 as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, okay um like well I mean you know you know okay and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June 1861, uh well like I mean like well uh like and the French had began to report that junks um okay uh you know so I mean like um from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially well I mean like well so so uh well returned to live performing in Spring 2017 with well I mean well so I mean I mean uh well original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of these errors have been fixed in a okay so well like so you know uh you know new enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox you know okay well um okay so um okay 360 and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse okay uh like uh like so you know uh as a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles you know you know so so so um like well to protect the villages, and if the tribes were well I mean um uh so so so uh once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and you know um well you know like uh I mean like metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', okay I mean well uh uh you know like I mean and from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not you know uh um well uh well I mean you know to reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the I mean well so so um I mean well like robot would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, like well well um I mean like you know I mean the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits you know uh um I mean I mean uh so you know expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, he traveled westward in the company you know you know uh um I mean so you know so of Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for well um like um okay um okay um the U. S. Government, and returned to a studio like uh I mean so like okay like okay he had taken at the Tenth Street Studio Building so I mean I mean um um okay okay um in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an like you know uh um so like I mean like action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by I mean so um I mean like I mean like um a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes you know I mean you know uh okay um um I mean the construction of four new stations in Boston, while you know so like well so you know you know I mean work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in love well uh like well like uh so okay with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was like so um okay so I mean you know uh born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village um I mean um well so you know um well in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position to so uh like well okay like okay um fight homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met in the um um like well um uh like uh 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner like well well you know um you know um okay of that series becoming the National League champion, and face well I mean uh well okay um like uh the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing so like well well so uh so so enough, so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie I mean I mean you know well okay um like so University with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs in 1987, the well I mean um I mean well uh uh well '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the I mean I mean okay so you know so um so Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' so like you know so so like uh like (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', though I mean um okay you know so uh like so a single line hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest - I mean I mean um like I mean you know like I mean running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and a language I mean you know you know uh I mean well okay okay in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went uh so I mean okay like so uh well on to compare the album to the work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can easily find lots of people of this uh um I mean like um uh um like village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you can well you know I mean you know like you know you know uh say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home um you know well okay like you know well like to KSTP - FM, and the station well uh like so um uh like I mean was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the like so well okay like um um uh United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won well like so well okay like um you know a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health um well I mean uh well well like well care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of like uh so you know you know um so uh artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team to so um um um like well so well score 100 points against another Division 1 team, you know okay you know well well I mean okay um (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division I uh uh okay you know I mean well so so team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - um okay okay well um well you know uh call from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of um well okay I mean um okay um I mean the Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant like like so okay you know I mean um like alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - to like like uh you know okay you know I mean okay - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name uh uh um uh okay um so you know was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins okay I mean okay okay okay well well okay found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart I mean well so you know so you know I mean okay in the German second tier league during the okay like you know well uh like okay so January transfer window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks well uh well I mean you know I mean uh so are now followers of Islam, there are many so okay like okay uh you know uh uh Tanks still existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url like uh you know like uh I mean so like parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter and any uh well like you know like uh uh like use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field I mean I mean so so uh so like okay teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, uh okay so well so uh I mean I mean swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is I mean you know so I mean uh um so um almost the same size as HIP 110703, but don't uh uh uh well so so well I mean get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the well um uh I mean you know so okay you know Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became so uh like okay uh um well like a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States like okay you know um you know um I mean you know Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more I mean you know okay so like well like well episodes and air the original Dragonball anime and was the so well well uh well you know okay well top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday like like so okay okay so like I mean 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate so well okay okay uh so like I mean from 1988 - 1994, he has since okay like well um um I mean well uh lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it so like like you know so I mean so like opened its doors to its first batch of students so so okay um okay um um you know pursuing Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with uh so well uh um like you know uh altered states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of uh I mean well like well like um well music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio okay you know like so like um you know okay engineer, and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, uh you know okay so I mean you know well um 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the I mean well uh so so um um so resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and articles. The Name um uh so so well uh like um of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called the you know so um so um so so um feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, he spent a bit more than so you know like uh uh um well so one season a half helping to keep the club in the uh uh well um well um so like Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron West like so well uh uh okay well I mean KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) was the oldest son so so like well you know like like well of Richard West, 7th Baron De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio community so so okay like okay so uh okay however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the end of the 19th century gold miners were okay uh like well um uh uh like trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a population you know um so you know like uh uh I mean increase justifying the setting up of a police force, just you know well like you know um like okay okay in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, okay I mean like okay you know so so uh has been a National Party member of the Australian well uh so I mean okay uh I mean uh House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 well um um well um um so well in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws so uh uh you know uh okay so well (LL. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests may also be positioned in a so uh um so uh okay well you know key item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly so like I mean well um so uh you know will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church like okay you know well um um okay okay of Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed you know so uh well you know uh so like his work, there is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March 24, so you know okay um like you know so you know 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - like uh you know uh okay you know I mean well Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on okay you know okay well well uh I mean okay his way to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met I mean well okay uh you know um you know well a resistance of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, deployed okay well I mean okay uh well I mean like along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced okay like uh well okay I mean well you know a period of strong economic growth during the um uh um um uh so okay uh 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling well uh like like you know you know okay I mean - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the um like okay uh um like um well Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) uh well so like um like so well is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff went through many changes during those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 million square uh you know like um like I mean uh you know kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one well like um okay you know like I mean um - third the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days you know like you know well um so so uh in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that uh um I mean like well I mean uh okay could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a um I mean I mean okay okay like okay um species of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- 1950s so like like um okay well I mean you know most of the surrounding water was filled in, so that okay I mean okay so okay um you know I mean today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the okay like like okay well like okay so Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, a Nevada I mean I mean well so you know okay well okay resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that make you know uh um so so I mean okay I mean them advantageous for different applications when bound like so well so well well you know so to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as well okay you know like um like so um Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best you know okay so you know well I mean okay you know known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also uh like um so uh um okay uh known as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, I mean so you know like um so well uh is a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used you know uh I mean well you know okay well well as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, like okay like um well like um so Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays centre back okay you know um you know you know so okay well for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below a um uh like okay uh I mean you know um certain temperature, as there was a risk of the sulphur and well you know um okay well so I mean you know nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were you know well I mean well I mean I mean like well largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, so like uh well okay you know you know so beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes um uh well I mean well so like you know cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates like uh you know you know um so um so received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic foot um um I mean I mean I mean like like like structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the okay so so um well uh like I mean foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on the Bhirr they found some old you know uh okay um um well um well coins with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it um I mean um so you know so okay uh and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots you know I mean I mean well well you know okay uh (QDs) can emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such you know um okay okay you know okay you know I mean as Jigging is thought to be the partial I mean um uh I mean okay you know well I mean originator of traditional, popping, and locking are some of the um um um okay so like so okay most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints well okay um like uh um okay so based on her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo well you know okay you know I mean like so uh in 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - well so um like um well okay I mean Bhiwani railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling okay like uh you know well like I mean um of railway track is in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume most um like uh uh okay so like I mean of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate to uh you know like so so uh so so his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized with you know I mean like well I mean I mean so you know the rest of his family, but he has started like well okay so like so okay um to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately participates in like uh you know um I mean uh um I mean a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most well uh so um well well I mean I mean of the supporting characters returned for the new program, which like I mean um like like you know you know like ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of uh uh you know uh I mean okay well so Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 so well I mean like I mean like so uh -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, I mean well you know um uh you know so so who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September well um you know you know like well okay like 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave like okay um uh you know you know uh I mean castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally um so so I mean uh okay okay I mean for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group decided to continue as a trio for I mean you know um I mean uh like um so recording with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing the you know okay so um okay I mean well um guitar and bass guitar in the studio, although the well uh um you know uh like like I mean line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to its Terms of Service, Google Health um so okay okay um uh you know like is not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance um um well well like I mean like um Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in well you know okay you know you know um well you know 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID um like so okay um um well well Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain like I mean uh uh uh um um uh country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state um like um so you know like okay I mean of India in the Pithoragarh district means herd um so uh well like um okay so of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the well you know uh you know like um uh like facilities for their summer practice and the university well um so you know so I mean like like would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and like you know um well you know well you know okay it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the uh you know I mean like uh okay so so municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice - so okay like you know like uh well you know cream salesman and a night - club bouncer and combined well so uh you know like um um uh self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon well okay you know so I mean like uh uh (2 February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son uh um so so so like like uh of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde you know I mean I mean okay you know um like well (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea in the 3rd you know so well okay um okay so you know century AD, the Goths soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition okay so um um um so so um of Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' well well you know uh you know I mean um uh and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true experience um well I mean well okay like uh okay of actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned like well I mean like you know I mean okay you know at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left the United States in 1913 and headed well I mean you know okay well you know you know okay to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several um um uh um um so so like rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single well you know you know like you know like like well room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying events well you know okay well well um okay well for The Open Championship; the leading three players who had so well you know like so well um um not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May 7, um I mean uh I mean um you know um um 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, um uh I mean um okay so um I mean California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with so like uh okay I mean like you know um some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the breeding season, you know like okay um okay so well so and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) okay I mean you know well okay um uh uh who were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards so so well I mean you know uh you know um Pataliputra but getting the news of the triumph you know you know I mean I mean like I mean uh well of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog so uh well okay like um well okay what existed in Brazil at the time of the conquest, I mean well so okay um uh like like including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro well so uh so like well um uh II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP you know uh you know okay uh um um like of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went I mean like uh um okay I mean well so out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice uh so so uh okay so like well Tripp also attended, and all three men would more than um so um you know you know I mean okay I mean 20 years later play a key role in um well so like well um okay okay helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and any uh okay like like I mean well I mean so unit that manages to get close to them can take uh so well okay well so um so them out very easily, the units that they are okay uh like okay um so okay I mean the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March 14 2007, he started his third stint as okay uh well I mean you know um I mean so a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who may um well um like um like okay okay be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of you know so like uh I mean uh well well two councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases like okay um uh okay you know I mean so that council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the so well so like um like so you know next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São Paulo you know I mean like okay like okay I mean like South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served as uh so okay uh well you know um um the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera well you know you know I mean so you know uh I mean and about 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, uh okay um like okay okay uh like native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament of so so well okay well like well uh Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the you know um well like okay like um well second round of the elections to the Council so um so like okay like you know okay of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took up the you know uh you know okay I mean well well I mean campaign against the truck system, by which employees okay I mean so uh like um uh like were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, like uh like you know uh so well so Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later like you know um okay you know I mean okay I mean he tells them he did have it but gave so you know so uh well you know uh uh it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although well I mean well um you know you know like uh she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four so like so like so I mean you know you know aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, like you know like I mean like I mean um okay aimed at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two Bachelor's okay well okay well well uh um so degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has been a major selective pressure acting over terrestrial uh well well you know you know like um you know plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening well well so so so uh you know uh for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai were medical like um you know okay so I mean um you know practitioners and surgeons who had been educated in like I mean I mean I mean like well you know um Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League game; you know I mean um um okay um like like although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it okay okay uh uh like um okay well is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 you know okay uh you know uh uh okay um th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI well uh um um okay like well um journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster um you know you know okay uh so you know you know in 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists in well um I mean I mean you know so I mean uh 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually you know uh you know um uh okay um okay became apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular well well well I mean okay I mean you know okay beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers well uh you know so uh okay well like is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for like um I mean I mean so okay well so a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, so okay so I mean okay um um well before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father died when she was only two months old, forcing well well uh you know okay I mean you know well her mother to move to California to find work, you know um uh okay like well I mean okay where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and Julie uh you know so like like I mean I mean well looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never to so like uh well so uh well um speak to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent you know well okay well I mean I mean well well on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry in I mean I mean you know I mean so um like so machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's annual well okay well um you know okay like like income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in like um you know well so uh well well international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument is thought to be the first you know okay so okay well uh I mean like of its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt you know uh um I mean you know um you know uh with the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a well you know uh I mean I mean I mean so well sharply critical eye towards another one of China's so so I mean so I mean so okay I mean continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas Jefferson you know okay well uh uh so well uh appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, and uh uh okay uh well you know I mean like served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of so um um I mean I mean um okay you know the 325 but was bored out to yield like um well okay you know you know uh you know greater displacement and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to understand uh um well so you know okay I mean you know the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments um so so so okay I mean I mean I mean and screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith No More's music is generally labeled I mean like okay like okay so um so as alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an unidentified, like um so uh like uh you know um extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains well um um well so I mean well so have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, um okay okay I mean like I mean well uh Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that so um um so I mean you know like you know she is an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne I mean well like well I mean like you know okay threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP well I mean you know uh so uh um uh Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen & so so I mean okay so I mean well okay Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by okay uh well okay you know you know well you know a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline well so I mean um like well well you know of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar uh well you know so okay so uh so from 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator so okay um so so like you know you know Than Shwe's Cabinet, and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also uh uh uh well uh well I mean you know known as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school like well um like uh uh well um in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek uh I mean so like I mean uh like so - Místek) is a former Czech football player, he like so like I mean okay well uh you know is a Holding midfielder who is also strong so uh uh um okay I mean so um as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just I mean okay um so uh um um um the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, you know I mean well like I mean you know like so while that of the nobility and military establishment waned, even you know you know I mean so um you know I mean um though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 uh uh uh okay um well uh so loss at C. D. Aves, he was sent off well like well okay um okay you know you know in the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded well uh like uh well okay well okay in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the um um uh like um so like like NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one of so you know I mean you know um so um well the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the like like so uh you know well like uh prosecutors were building their case, a number of key I mean um like okay uh so um um witnesses turned up dead and due to the lack so like you know uh so I mean uh um of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is you know you know so um okay okay I mean well an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening well well okay um um I mean you know so occurs after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with so so okay well so uh like uh his right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with like you know well I mean uh you know uh so his left hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' well I mean uh I mean well so you know okay Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis okay well like like like um so like roughly 317 times per second, corresponding to a period of 3 well uh um like so okay okay I mean. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill well well well okay well uh okay I mean demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, day well I mean uh you know well so well uh school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, okay well um I mean well um like well Gary - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he was so um like like okay I mean you know I mean living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of um uh um um well um okay uh the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, uh you know so uh well so you know uh some believe were designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could be well uh well you know um um you know well solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he had failed you know okay like I mean so like okay so to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room in I mean so like uh so uh uh so Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in hospital so well well well uh so uh you know but he was discharged after recovering but like um uh well uh okay well okay died on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the Abbey so like I mean you know uh you know you know well of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up well I mean okay you know uh so I mean well in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the well so you know uh um so uh you know color of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was making well so like so like okay uh um them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area to okay so um so okay so okay uh join a wrestling tour in Japan and have like so um okay like so well like another outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, um I mean so I mean I mean uh okay you know Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being a member well like I mean you know like I mean well so of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof of the upward part of the theorem also so so well so you know well so like shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models you know uh well I mean you know so okay okay must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer to the um well okay uh well you know you know uh teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - so uh you know okay um okay like you know 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage so like so um you know so you know you know Support Project of the World Bank, and also depicted like okay well um uh well uh um on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when um like um um so you know like I mean the SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, the okay uh um so well well so um SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, well like so like you know I mean you know like the company is noted for its historic role in Italy's well I mean you know so I mean I mean you know I mean motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and like uh so okay well um uh I mean industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album 'A um um okay well okay like like like Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, as well as um okay um um I mean okay okay like other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an um um so so um like I mean um eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, so I mean like um like okay uh okay with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes I mean you know okay so like so you know um of the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described Montreal as 'not a city that like you know uh like like well okay so revolves around acting, so you stay very grounded here' to um I mean well um like well you know like 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of this sector, okay well so well you know okay well like the Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat the um so I mean I mean um I mean you know so growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel okay uh uh so you know I mean well you know and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land to well you know like so you know well uh I mean the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of Dante's Inferno, Dante like um well so well so like uh to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between like um you know I mean um uh um well the two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal so I mean you know so I mean um I mean okay diet; wild and feral dogs can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & Rakhimov so okay um uh okay so um uh I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, so you know okay like I mean you know I mean you know but suffered an exit in the quarter - finals so okay you know like like um I mean um against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would well I mean okay like well like uh uh haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public I mean like you know okay you know like okay you know body created by the UK Government in response to um well I mean okay you know well I mean well the inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate uh okay I mean like um so you know I mean Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over uh like you know um I mean you know okay well as principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass in the like I mean um well I mean well uh um early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include so I mean I mean well you know um okay um a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the Americas, okay like so like like I mean so well subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the box office banking on like so like you know okay so um well songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has you know um so like um okay I mean I mean multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours like okay so like you know um well so throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he I mean um um you know like well well okay is not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd - like okay you know like uh well um well numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists of well um um I mean you know I mean well um alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had been working in a call centre okay like well um well I mean um I mean in Delhi for 18 months after which he um uh um uh like okay like uh went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area I mean uh so like okay you know okay well of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at um like um uh so well well like North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, whilst shortly okay so okay well well well um like after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan well um you know you know um um uh um Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to I mean you know you know um you know well uh like 2000, and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of um uh like well um uh okay like the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by you know uh um well you know I mean I mean well the Hamburg Opera where in two years he was well you know I mean um okay so so um to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the well I mean okay okay uh uh well uh Red Sox sold out every home game (794 regular season um okay well okay okay well well uh games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold uh so like I mean uh um I mean uh out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, I mean okay you know well well like like I mean thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden um um uh I mean you know well okay um because she was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, like I mean I mean okay like okay uh uh and the parish council own several areas of so so so like um okay um um recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and I mean okay so like like so well so Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, where like um okay okay okay I mean uh so he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory okay uh you know like um well I mean you know until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's desire um uh I mean you know okay I mean well I mean to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' uh okay well so well um okay so (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; I mean I mean you know uh uh I mean um I mean then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who you know uh I mean so uh well you know I mean has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered in well you know like uh like uh okay uh India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with shares okay um okay um well so um I mean traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 % uh you know I mean you know I mean I mean I mean well of the shares however most of its holdings in I mean so well so well uh I mean I mean the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted above, the present - day medical study I mean well well uh um you know well I mean of gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early uh like okay uh okay uh um um description, and use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, Colorado you know I mean you know like okay like you know I mean it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed um you know well I mean well uh well um into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of so um so um uh like I mean okay a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a the interior uh uh so like well so um uh of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle um so um you know you know uh like you know muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the okay um okay you know okay you know so uh son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of okay I mean like I mean um I mean uh okay satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo whose well uh like so like well okay uh central character is a recently - married male um so well well I mean you know like you know sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of the I mean you know like I mean um I mean well like Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the granting well uh well okay you know so okay um of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in you know like um well you know I mean uh um 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy um well okay um uh um well like Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became like okay you know I mean um well I mean well the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - so uh so okay so I mean so uh Saxon era when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is an so I mean like you know okay I mean uh um epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social learning is not essential to tool use; like I mean so so okay I mean you know uh juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer I mean um I mean uh like so like so Randy Ragsdale, who had died in an auto like uh well so uh okay well okay accident near College Station, Texas on the way to you know I mean I mean uh so so okay you know see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) okay so okay um um okay I mean I mean is a Greek football player currently playing as a so okay like uh uh I mean so like left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha de you know so I mean okay so um so I mean Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it was reckognised it so I mean um so so like um so was a continent, not an island anymore; and before so so okay like so you know I mean like the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for I mean uh you know well okay um okay I mean Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a New okay so okay like well um I mean um Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had a wide I mean well well um like um you know uh - ranging interest in natural history, such that he even okay like okay like well so you know uh described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a you know so okay okay um so uh you know Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke uh okay like okay like I mean okay I mean City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era you know so okay uh you know I mean uh uh as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination so you know I mean okay I mean like uh uh and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens well so so okay so um like so ( also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was well so you know um so so okay um a meeting of several high - level al - so you know well so um okay um uh Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the previous race record was broken, this like like like you know well I mean okay well time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked um I mean you know you know so you know you know you know his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname given um uh I mean okay uh like I mean um to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in well I mean well okay I mean you know so uh reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor at I mean uh well I mean okay well like I mean the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained I mean so so so uh so so uh notice as the moderator of a panel about I mean um um uh so you know um I mean citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the uh um like um uh so so like church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are um um I mean well um okay okay um speed and price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, okay uh well like well uh like um 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae well um you know um um well well so singer from Bermuda, who released an album on well well you know I mean um um uh okay Creation Records in 1999, and had a hit single you know uh I mean well um like um um in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he would never play any official games for the club, like well like like uh so you know well as all of the team's foreign player spots were used okay um uh okay so I mean like you know up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose up to work in the Directorate of uh okay um okay you know okay well so Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's I mean like uh um I mean you know um okay Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December 12 in an interview on CNN's I mean you know you know so well okay okay okay 'New Day,' Himes said that he was troubled by well well I mean like I mean you know I mean okay several actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because uh I mean so okay uh so uh okay of heavy traffic, it used to be at the well well okay uh I mean uh well well top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it like I mean I mean I mean I mean um uh so was a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, uh so you know um um like uh I mean which lies very close to most of Illinois you know like uh I mean um um okay I mean 37 (indeed the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti like um uh I mean okay uh I mean um Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, and he I mean okay so so um okay well so gives some details and after some research, Julie well uh well uh so like I mean I mean learns that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde I mean like okay well well okay so uh & Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred I mean uh so like you know you know well okay to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate you know like like I mean uh um I mean so but affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not so you know well uh okay um you know you know choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, well well well well uh like so you know although it seems that he was able to have a um I mean like uh you know like uh so portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of siopao uh like okay um you know like well like with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned okay so okay uh like you know I mean you know pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed uh okay you know okay um I mean like um first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, okay like uh like so well like like he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large well so um well okay um uh you know collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, you know I mean well you know um I mean um uh United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead referring um uh you know you know so um okay you know back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 you know so um uh uh you know um I mean when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where the two um um okay I mean okay uh well like collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June okay I mean okay you know I mean um well you know 22, 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other well uh so uh okay well okay I mean things, claimed to have been the mistress of um you know like I mean uh so uh okay U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and you know so like okay okay okay um I mean scholar Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics; uh um well I mean okay uh so so review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % well I mean so like like um uh okay of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so well um so okay um like okay well he asks Peter to lock up the store for I mean well I mean you know um you know okay well him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman okay you know you know okay I mean you know okay well living in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 like you know so you know okay um so okay Jacobite Rebellion, whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with well I mean I mean well well okay um like her and kept the cell she lived in dry uh like uh so okay you know okay um by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka faced uh so uh well so well I mean uh Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, uh well you know you know you know uh uh well the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - page okay um um okay so uh like okay application' are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger okay okay well uh I mean like um um than itself: for example, a vignette about a house well well like well you know well you know okay belonging to a collection of vignettes or a whole okay so uh um uh you know uh uh story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer or uh okay um like like uh okay like outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer um you know um um so I mean I mean you know to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, well like okay I mean so you know okay uh if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the uh uh well well um like well I mean group, featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on um like I mean like like uh uh so most tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was seen as a problem for the Spanish well uh um um like I mean I mean um authorities, because if the population became mostly French, there could you know um you know you know like like I mean so be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided to well uh like so okay so I mean so install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he falls um you know um uh like well so so into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are turning points for trucks every and lights and um like like um you know like um so barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the tunnel okay um so I mean uh like so I mean is closed, as well as radio coverage and a system to well you know uh okay um okay uh so register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with you know I mean like I mean you know you know uh you know one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues okay I mean you know like so well I mean I mean and with six of their starting position players, three well okay like like you know well like okay of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by I mean I mean okay I mean like um well well a Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than um so so um I mean like you know um 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is like well you know uh I mean uh um okay one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to be so like um okay like well you know so the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad well okay uh I mean okay um you know uh Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share so uh so I mean I mean well so well the stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a like well like okay you know well I mean well fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is okay like um like you know so like um a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald so like I mean so so well well you know Schoenfeld Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at like like so so I mean like you know like the University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - well um uh uh well you know um so ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, like I mean okay you know uh uh um so as there were no locals elected as staff and like so so like so like uh so because the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to uh um uh well like I mean so okay membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds I mean uh um I mean uh like well you know Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, however um well uh so okay like I mean uh she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, revealing okay so like um so you know you know well to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon understood he was no more able to face like well okay so um uh so um these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated to the I mean uh well okay you know I mean uh like Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given by uh you know uh okay well um uh like Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was named um well I mean um okay okay um so town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most like okay you know um uh I mean okay like notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate agent being used as a term in so you know I mean uh uh I mean okay like the United Kingdom means a person or organization whose you know I mean well so uh uh you know like business is to market real estate on behalf of clients, I mean well I mean well you know so you know uh but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no like uh um well like you know like um actual exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is better so I mean uh I mean I mean like you know um than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were like like you know okay okay well so um major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were so uh like you know I mean like I mean like strong states with strong kings who held an advanced legal and you know okay you know like um okay I mean well taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier you know so um um like um you know uh Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, uh so you know you know so so you know um volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September I mean I mean um um um you know um um 16, 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of you know okay I mean well I mean well I mean I mean the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of the same you know so so I mean so um um you know name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake you know like so um like um um so Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the uh uh okay well okay like like okay Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 okay okay I mean like like okay um uh HRD is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a retired well uh uh um uh I mean you know you know male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the okay well like you know okay um okay okay battle Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, well I mean like okay well you know I mean um and the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started so so um um you know um uh uh his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had I mean so like like well so okay like brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Constantine well well uh so um um like uh built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, i. E I mean uh I mean um well you know I mean well. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire was fully okay I mean so I mean okay well I mean well recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation like so um you know I mean so um well from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, so I mean uh well so uh well um fielding youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and um like um so um well so uh a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core of well so I mean like you know I mean okay so a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm history: um like like uh um well you know so from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer and like you know okay uh I mean well okay uh Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come okay like so okay um well well uh as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) I mean um I mean so um I mean so you know was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this worked with all games released well uh uh you know uh um uh you know is uncertian, the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' well you know well well uh okay so well boy in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has okay uh I mean uh so well like okay been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for like um like okay uh well okay I mean Ulster at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, well okay I mean like okay so you know so a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J so you know you know I mean okay like I mean you know. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL well I mean uh uh uh like so um. M.) degree as well as joint degrees in Master of you know like I mean well so you know I mean I mean Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and like um uh so okay well I mean um Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were like you know well like well okay um um offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing I mean like okay um I mean like okay okay at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of so okay well well um okay you know uh Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has many iStories, all of high quality, along so so like uh you know um like like with talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a so you know so uh okay well you know well nice, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators with I mean I mean okay so so um well like octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, while okay you know well you know I mean well you know okay the built - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - brigade devices okay well I mean well so well well you know controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in I mean you know um um so like I mean so the fifth round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 okay like I mean um I mean I mean uh I mean NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a Senate okay okay uh I mean well okay like you know subpoena, Custer found he was the center of a vilification like okay I mean you know you know um uh I mean campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location I mean uh I mean okay uh um I mean like and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored the um so you know so um you know uh um national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released um you know okay um well okay so so over forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based you know uh well like okay I mean um so in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', you know um uh um okay you know well okay Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained like okay you know well well uh uh uh to fans that he was informed by doctors that he so like so so you know you know so like had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain in well so well um like I mean so you know Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could uh uh I mean you know uh well okay uh ride to meet Shelby with his entire force, so okay um um like like okay okay well Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune feat. Fukase like so um um uh um well I mean as the opening theme for the first eight episodes and then like you know so I mean well okay like well from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action show, but uh um I mean so so I mean I mean okay a six - part comic book series uh I mean well like well okay I mean you know 'from the minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the um um like you know okay um so so Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an like so um okay I mean um well well American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being um like so um like okay okay well a cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of the you know you know um uh I mean uh uh um Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain um I mean like so okay I mean you know so was strengthened by the accession of an ally whose like okay okay well I mean you know um uh one idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British okay um well I mean you know like um um English, and the word 'measure' is more common in so okay like like you know well okay like (an incomplete measure at the head of a I mean okay you know you know so uh uh like piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville received her like I mean like okay so like uh okay primary education at home, later studying art in Paris like so well uh okay you know so like in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the community okay okay okay like well okay so you know and stood as a liberal candidate this was to I mean you know okay um um um well like be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by the well okay you know I mean like okay um um author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district you know so so you know uh uh I mean um in the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers and uh um okay well uh well um like it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to um so well um so like okay okay add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - uh okay like like you know I mean like okay The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu I mean okay you know well you know I mean so okay Ono and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, I mean okay uh okay so well uh like and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD like you know okay you know you know I mean um so 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 steaming okay okay I mean I mean so uh well uh through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Straits, then so uh like you know you know okay uh like hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking okay uh like I mean well so okay so voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a well I mean okay um you know so I mean like plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode well um um okay like like like uh of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained control you know well so I mean um like you know you know of the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had uh uh so like so you know like you know advocated for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, but due like okay I mean so so um you know okay to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, but hi power well so I mean so well I mean I mean I mean was broken: the emirs of Syria began to make so you know okay like so okay you know uh terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian comedy like I mean you know so okay okay um uh TV series that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 you know well um I mean um you know so you know to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; I mean so okay like uh um so I mean his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, well um I mean you know okay you know you know like California on 6 June 1976, at the age of 85 and um well um I mean well so okay okay was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's um uh like um I mean so okay well re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, um like okay I mean okay um okay well was taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 miles well like um well so um so okay of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at the uh okay you know okay uh so I mean uh planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the story you know okay uh I mean so like well um involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th anniversary okay uh okay well well so so well of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are securities printed by the finance ministry okay well well well um uh uh um of the relevant country and are often as detailed so okay so well well so okay uh in their design as banknotes - usually made from the I mean I mean well so so so uh you know same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, uh like well so okay okay okay uh however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by okay like um okay like I mean like well Miles Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - uh well I mean uh okay like well I mean les - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his well you know well I mean you know I mean well um observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was like um um you know well I mean I mean I mean very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with well well I mean um well you know well okay friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage Mutant I mean um well um you know okay okay you know Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in Ventura, like like well okay uh you know I mean I mean California) played his college career at Ventura College for uh I mean um okay I mean well um you know his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to you know well I mean well so like so you know Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this time, he wrote his most serious um uh uh um okay so you know like poem, 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a I mean um well okay okay you know okay so fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked in various positions at NCBS such as uh well uh well um uh uh um those of a Reader (grade F) and an associate you know um you know like well so um okay professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a well like uh like like um so well Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England like um like like I mean okay so like was incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight I mean I mean okay like I mean um um like on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current configuration (as shown in the photo at right) was like okay okay like uh I mean okay uh adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa track was like you know okay okay um um I mean okay moved from the west to the east of the NIMT well you know you know um so uh well so tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which uh okay so uh so like uh um the United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander well like uh like so I mean I mean um Field, is a public use airport located one nautical mile um well like okay well okay like so (1. 85 km) south of the central business district okay so um so I mean um um okay of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and uh uh uh I mean I mean uh uh so maintains more than four million square feet of like um uh okay so okay uh okay inventory nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- I mean okay well so okay well I mean I mean founding a small farm -- and initiated a youth well you know um like okay well so so addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six okay so you know like I mean like um I mean months behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed in okay I mean I mean I mean okay I mean like like April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments like uh uh so so um well so of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June I mean so uh so uh so I mean well 8, 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary I mean you know okay um I mean well so uh mathematical tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the transformation well uh I mean so well um okay like from one system into another -- it was Poincaré in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it um okay um um like well well I mean is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at like um you know uh uh you know so so ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded Beno like so uh like I mean so uh um Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use the branches of this tree for making okay uh you know uh you know you know okay you know walls and paste with mud for their thatched huts in villages, well so so so uh okay so uh but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in 1971 okay you know like well you know you know uh like and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate like I mean um you know I mean um okay um cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of his career, he like uh like like like I mean so uh fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming Republican okay like so well well so so you know member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and okay like I mean like uh um you know you know Don Heck and is a powerful mystic, born over you know uh well well uh I mean okay uh five hundred years ago in the mystic city of Kamar - you know okay well uh um you know okay well Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is a you know you know I mean I mean uh like you know um British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy and you know well you know uh so so okay um The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking okay so you know uh uh you know I mean so the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and a so um uh uh I mean I mean uh uh member of the Swedish parliament as a member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by like well uh so you know like um okay the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and forty - uh you know you know you know uh well well uh fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle without so okay so like so uh you know like playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called up by um I mean um so like you know I mean so Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to well okay you know uh I mean so so I mean be part of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; okay I mean you know okay okay well okay uh he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as a result uh well um um I mean uh so okay the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is said that Catherine lost her head in the so well um well um well uh uh accident, that her significant other was never found, okay uh um I mean so I mean okay like and that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in uh you know I mean well like you know like uh the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal like well um um I mean uh like okay Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly okay um um uh I mean uh like like swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, so okay well um well okay so well Ukraine, Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead um I mean so you know so so okay okay vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such I mean you know um well I mean I mean okay I mean bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on well well so like okay I mean um like projects with such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in uh so you know you know so I mean like um Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure program is also so I mean so uh I mean like I mean okay accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana like I mean like I mean so you know like I mean in Parke County, Indiana and is a single span Burr Arch you know uh I mean um I mean I mean well so Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role required three masks, these had to look well so I mean uh um like so well similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original plans called for I - 95 to run through okay so okay well okay so like I mean downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local residents, all uh uh you know well okay so well um proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled in 1972 I mean you know okay I mean uh um okay I mean by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board from um okay like um okay you know I mean well 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a uh uh like so um uh I mean like removable glass wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to set up a private uh you know well I mean well um like um medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: these uh um I mean you know like so okay you know came to naught, except that name of the 'Hunter School of uh so uh um um I mean like I mean Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company um well uh well so okay I mean I mean with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July uh um I mean uh so so okay um 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in New uh well okay um uh I mean um okay York City on December 13, 2016 and had a um I mean um okay like well uh okay limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general uh I mean like well so well so um election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the uh uh well like uh I mean uh like 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show is the second spin - off from' and you know well like like you know so okay so follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 uh um well I mean okay um okay like and educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata like so you know I mean well uh uh I mean University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to guard well like I mean okay like like I mean so the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish - you know like I mean like okay you know um well sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions so so well um like uh so so and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, Sandhwan, so okay so well well I mean okay so Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, Khara, okay like like I mean so um well you know Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr well um um okay um uh I mean so area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 so uh uh you know like like uh okay August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, like uh like I mean you know okay I mean I mean but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became a well so you know you know you know so uh um restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to like okay uh I mean so uh I mean okay Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following is a list of famous past students so you know so okay uh um okay so of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial okay um um um like uh okay uh Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County School System well uh uh you know you know so okay okay was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a uh like uh well like so well okay garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were taken down like uh I mean like well you know I mean um a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was okay like I mean um okay like so so held in the Round House until he was hung on I mean okay well uh okay okay okay you know the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as uh uh like okay you know um I mean okay one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education and you know um okay so you know uh like well the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and like like I mean so so um well so the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album featured like uh uh you know well well um um the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', which although you know okay you know I mean so you know like uh never a single for Kersh himself, later so uh um well well so okay I mean became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school maintains a rigorous academic program which you know so like well so you know I mean you know prepares students for the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives I mean um okay I mean so like I mean like to suit a wide range of interests, and classes to help you know well uh um like okay like well students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football I mean um um um okay okay well so defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - okay uh uh so okay I mean well I mean person shooter, similar to many other sci - fi shooters, you know um um well okay you know um you know and could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code was published by AIM International in 1997 I mean you know well I mean so like like I mean and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first okay like um okay I mean well okay well NBA Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics needed like um okay uh uh I mean like I mean an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee simple determinable is an estate that will like okay so um like you know um like end automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs and uh like you know you know well you know like like the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and so um well well like I mean like okay on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - um um um okay uh well okay you know Villa Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of Charles okay I mean okay like so okay uh you know V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, okay you know like okay um you know well I mean aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available in the okay so um I mean I mean like uh I mean UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or 17th uh like uh you know so you know okay um century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of Independence, um um um so like well you know like after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed uh uh uh uh um uh uh well on a large scale in some areas of China, okay um so okay um like um okay frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare um okay I mean so so you know so um and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was well um so like you know I mean well so premiered at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids so okay like I mean so uh you know like some of with are the Rapides de Cap - I mean I mean uh you know so I mean uh I mean Saint - Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged Nissan I mean you know so like like like I mean well Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, with Richards okay well you know well like uh I mean okay moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural um I mean like uh so um um you know complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to four were lost, one due to hostile so you know okay like um I mean okay um fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 uh uh so uh I mean like you know you know was shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries okay you know I mean I mean well like well okay the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, uh I mean like like you know you know so I mean such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' role, um uh you know like you know well I mean well because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to okay I mean so well like well so I mean her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for okay uh uh like I mean okay so so playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a you know I mean you know um you know well well um branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is okay so like I mean well okay like um spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in um um I mean well I mean so like so the nation which features a match - okay uh well you know um I mean uh well up between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the so I mean okay um okay okay I mean um first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the nascent um like I mean so I mean you know like um Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed in 1962 I mean like okay you know so okay I mean okay and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning like okay so so okay you know uh um of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 % um okay I mean well you know I mean um okay worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a $ okay so you know so like so I mean so 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and you know um okay like okay like uh well some services are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, okay well uh okay um um you know so and it was discovered that this stemmed from an allergy you know uh okay I mean so I mean like so to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his so so okay you know uh you know so I mean disciples went to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by so so okay I mean like okay um well the death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in um I mean so okay well um well um battle, this lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character you know uh like okay well so uh so from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received so you know uh well well you know like like an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median income for a household in the city well so okay um okay I mean um okay is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to so like well like like um well so marry the technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also I mean okay uh uh like well like so devoting to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; Mary was well uh uh I mean okay um I mean so introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are two notable types of virtual groups, one being well like uh okay like uh well okay an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly um so um so so well like okay in Italy, Germany, and the United States, though they are like like like like you know like uh you know also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges um uh um um you know like so so and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with Epic like okay I mean so so you know um you know Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase so you know so okay you know like uh like of her life, she became one of Venice's resident like uh um like so um um I mean celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these plans were cut back for financial like so well well well so so um reasons before construction began, and the line was planned um like okay um you know I mean you know um instead to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the uh uh well uh okay okay I mean well route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's continual so you know um well you know um so well alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived um um okay um so uh I mean well in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola um so you know like so okay I mean so constitute the main centre of population of the Donegal uh well I mean so like um uh well Gaeltacht and with a population of just over um so you know I mean um I mean okay um 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air France, I mean you know I mean so like I mean well you know Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System. And holds so um I mean okay well like so so today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the late so well so you know um okay you know so 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism who believed that the well well you know uh like like um so transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee so you know well I mean so okay um uh for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag well uh I mean you know like okay uh okay Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's famed well well like I mean I mean you know like well Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route okay like well well I mean well you know uh 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the you know um uh okay so um well uh highway is meant to connect directly the communities in the uh um well um uh I mean like uh north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, I mean you know okay like uh uh uh okay to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station features a single island platform located in like so so I mean like you know well okay a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair like so I mean okay like you know like well of tracks with trains to the city leaving from the uh so uh so like I mean well well north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in so uh so okay like so well so wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an well well uh I mean well okay well okay independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t - um uh uh you know um like okay okay shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London so I mean okay so you know uh well uh Borough of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since you know um um uh I mean I mean you know you know 1971 when a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at like so okay okay I mean I mean you know you know the age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part okay uh uh so okay I mean so well in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an American uh okay okay you know I mean you know um like professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Wilkes - okay uh okay well you know I mean so uh Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 okay like so uh so well okay uh Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge and during well you know uh like okay so okay well inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François like like um um okay um uh okay - Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film so um well so so so like well critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, okay uh okay um well so okay like the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman and so far okay okay uh uh so like like you know it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos where okay okay well like so I mean so like she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got so okay you know you know um uh well um a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the prime um um uh like so okay so um - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February uh like okay you know you know uh like like 1809), son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a Liverpool uh okay you know you know so well well well ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last so um well so well okay well uh seen and what he was doing, one survivor said you know well well you know you know so uh you know Wilde was trying to free the collapsible well so uh like um um okay um lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to vote well you know well so well okay well I mean during the whole week and the winner was decided only um uh okay so okay um like I mean by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force consisted so uh I mean um like you know like I mean of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop carrier um uh like uh well well you know so wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development I mean you know okay uh so like you know um of the textile industry and created a new type of like well well I mean so you know uh okay deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with rose um okay well like you know like you know okay water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners up um like um you know um you know so I mean in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to Audenshaw School, um like well you know so uh I mean I mean the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for um well like um um so I mean well the United States to study communications and political science at Drexel okay so like so like uh okay okay University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut State University so so I mean okay uh um like um to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against uh I mean um okay well um I mean um what they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family um uh like um you know I mean um I mean court policies, and an appeal to the United Nations you know um okay well well you know so um resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden like you know well like you know okay so like rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden okay uh uh you know well well so you know meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone well you know uh so um okay okay okay Survivor'; he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the night and finished like so um uh I mean uh so so 8th out of the 25 competing countries, giving Ireland its I mean um uh so um I mean well um best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her so well well okay so well I mean well grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the you know you know like you know um you know um uh mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in so well um you know okay so well so North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta well I mean you know okay I mean uh well well Braves on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate on the um well so you know well like okay so application of the Bill of Rights to an uh um well um well okay I mean I mean infringing statute, the general opinion was that the Bill I mean um uh well I mean um okay uh of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, uh you know like okay like okay well well the latter was apprised of the same by their common like so like so um okay I mean okay mother Kunti and hence even though he was privy to um well you know like like uh I mean uh the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) I mean like you know um uh I mean okay so kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from um so um um uh like um I mean 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there I mean uh um well you know well well I mean aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process you know you know you know so okay okay like so that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was no stranger to the team, as he knew um you know uh so um like okay you know Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old uh well so um okay like um you know as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David Bakan you know um um well well like like you know and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an English former uh so well um okay so like uh professional footballer who was most recently the caretaker manager okay um well you know well uh well okay at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical well so you know okay um so so I mean stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv well you know I mean you know well so you know uh released a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome I mean um I mean so well you know like like Crowded West, which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid to keep like uh well like like well well well the billboard up for over four years, with its bizarre imagery okay I mean uh uh like so I mean so and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen okay uh so so okay so um um between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established in okay uh I mean you know like well um like 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and all I mean you know well like okay well uh well of the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is well you know like like well um I mean I mean editor - in - chief at The Daily okay well you know like you know okay you know uh Wire, an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is a okay so like I mean um so well uh founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - Zambia) um like uh like well I mean um okay and also a final year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of so you know I mean okay you know um um okay her energies on music production, but she is also playing um I mean okay okay uh you know okay okay a weekly residency gig as a member of Texas I mean like so um well I mean okay you know Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced by I mean you know okay you know uh um well okay Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj okay you know like so well like uh like Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a highly you know I mean you know like um uh so you know - selective liberal arts college and one of three um well so um so like you know well official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European Championships uh you know uh like okay so so you know -- helping the national team finish second at I mean I mean okay I mean you know okay uh um Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- um I mean uh you know you know like um I mean winning more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England like okay I mean well so you know okay uh with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the property, um uh so so okay I mean so like establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, well you know I mean like you know um so like his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number uh like okay so um well like like of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a well well I mean like I mean like you know okay Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been I mean well like okay I mean you know so I mean performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and um uh okay okay I mean okay so like NZSSSO), and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity um like uh so well I mean um you know and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid okay so uh I mean okay okay okay uh subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such um like um you know you know um you know uh as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures you know I mean uh so so uh um so at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Bongo okay uh uh um uh okay well like Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist Party okay uh um um well okay so um of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags like okay you know so so I mean uh so behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % okay you know like so well I mean so uh vs. 82 % in 2005), and several of the uh um okay um you know well um you know larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and okay like so I mean you know like well um its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon on September 27, having taken an observation of the I mean well um uh um um uh um sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an you know uh well so I mean okay you know like American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance in the I mean um like okay um I mean you know uh episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security forces um okay okay uh I mean well okay like that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of okay like um um like like uh um classic stage performance with live singing and acting, were okay okay well um you know um okay okay written and staged in Goa, since the time I mean you know so like so I mean you know okay it evolved during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all - you know um um okay well well well um girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally accepted uh uh well I mean uh well so well and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland for £ well well um uh so well so so 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, well okay uh so well okay you know so though he was frequently called on to take part in murders; like I mean okay so um so uh okay indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as he okay so okay uh uh well I mean well cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was especially so uh you know I mean like well um okay influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when it encountered uh I mean like you know um like so well Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of luxury so you know um you know like well I mean so forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, I mean so like so well you know um so although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself well to both big box and small roof like okay well you know okay uh so uh application because of its hot air weldability. This means if like uh so uh uh well I mean so you have copied this then you have a small you know you know well okay you know uh you know well willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed uh okay so so okay you know well uh his fate as being pushed out of office, and like well like so um I mean uh well there has been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and I mean I mean uh you know okay well um so the action setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action um well um um like um okay I mean cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island has a permanent size of 18 uh I mean so so you know I mean like uh acres, plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 okay I mean so you know like um I mean I mean acres, and has a thin layer of soil that well okay you know uh I mean um like uh supports vegetation including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among the you know so well I mean you know okay um okay passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in Korea okay I mean uh you know so like I mean like and Jang received her big break with her cute image you know like okay well like okay um so and so as the other young stars in the cast um you know like you know I mean um you know I mean such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and opens I mean so so you know uh so uh I mean up a new area of international production, which at you know I mean so um like uh so like first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the like well um like uh I mean um okay financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee you know uh um you know um okay okay well and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the like I mean you know uh I mean you know well okay north and the Mississippi state line on the south, like uh okay so well um so I mean with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury following so you know uh you know uh like so so an incident with a BB gun; he would later I mean uh um um like okay um well say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, um um I mean I mean you know like uh so 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's well um so well like I mean like uh Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of I mean I mean you know so like well like uh the Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in so I mean so like well okay okay uh several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, uh you know okay so so you know like like 1920 in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, I mean um well I mean I mean well well you know Twickenham, England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History okay I mean like you know you know I mean uh okay at the University of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from you know well so well um well I mean okay Alzheimer's disease, and died three years later of complications from I mean like okay well so I mean well you know the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one you know uh you know okay so so so so of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in okay like okay like uh I mean like you know Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, you know okay like well so so uh so 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium in like okay okay you know um you know you know okay nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all home games well you know you know well okay okay you know so rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic I mean um so so uh okay you know uh video signals wirelessly from one room to another, as well uh like like uh so like so for example sending the output of a satellite TV decoder okay uh so well well uh so okay located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to Bello, like I mean okay uh okay uh uh you know Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but well well so um so so okay so Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously President like uh well okay I mean um uh so of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, uh so like okay I mean okay like um a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management uh well you know okay you know you know you know um of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined like I mean uh I mean uh okay uh so University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and like uh so like um um I mean like in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local fishermen, so well well like well like so okay 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is I mean well I mean I mean um well okay like an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism like uh I mean okay um I mean you know I mean and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism you know like I mean okay um uh so like is a common project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest well uh okay okay so so um um from communities and organizations throughout the country, and in like so so you know so like well so 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist like okay I mean uh so so you know um Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some you know like so uh so uh well uh known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm of so well um you know I mean um I mean um quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on uh so well you know okay well um um September 24, 2013 and did the tenth birthday of the um like well like uh uh okay I mean show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test is given each year in October and uh I mean well like um like uh so November, students are informed of their results in the okay okay you know okay okay like um I mean following March, and those who receive offers decide by well well uh like like so okay so the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer um so I mean um uh well um well best known for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular like so so like you know I mean I mean so Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at I mean um like well uh so well like beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid race who inhabit okay uh I mean I mean I mean well like okay the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the um so okay uh okay so uh I mean state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus you know okay like you know uh uh okay like is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role of Polly the Pistol so uh like well you know uh I mean so was written with Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death uh so okay like well I mean so so in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de Montalembert was too young to take um well I mean well uh I mean okay like his seat as a peer (twenty - five being like so well okay well you know um okay the necessary age), but he retained other rights, and I mean you know okay okay so um so okay this, combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 I mean so you know so uh um you know well inaugurated the existing schools in its public education system, most so you know like I mean uh okay like uh of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland before okay well you know okay so you know I mean um his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was okay um well so I mean um well like collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners I mean you know okay I mean so well uh um the Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which so I mean I mean so you know okay uh okay was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then uh uh so so uh well um well a computer programmer before becoming internationally known for his you know um well I mean you know like okay like work with WikiLeaks and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his bag down, um you know um like well so okay you know he refused and approached the federal air marshals in uh okay so um like like I mean I mean an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a like I mean I mean okay okay um you know well green shirt that has her symbol on it and I mean okay well okay um okay um I mean exposes her lower belly and navel, with her hair back. She um you know I mean like okay uh I mean I mean rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting um um well okay like I mean like I mean with each other and their environment, as well two pirate ships so well you know um so okay you know okay to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of you know like uh I mean you know you know like uh the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by I mean uh well uh you know I mean uh you know Buddhists against the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - um so okay so uh I mean you know you know dominated Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large uh well uh um I mean you know well um - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months later uh okay like well so I mean so I mean after appearing in a television series as the extramarital interest so uh so you know okay I mean like you know of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with research so well uh I mean I mean well well I mean focusing on communications between cells and the causation so so you know um so you know uh uh of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained well um you know so well you know um uh by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering okay so um uh so so okay okay division of Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the channel without the okay so like um like um okay you know complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to the I mean well uh well I mean uh um like launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and so um um uh well um you know well also has a group of gangsters who work well okay um um you know like well I mean under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street, uh you know so uh you know okay um so South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the church is no longer used for services you know uh well um you know like like um but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an uh uh you know well I mean uh well okay open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as you know um so so so well okay well a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the like well okay like I mean I mean I mean like main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of uh I mean so like okay so um uh Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began her career by breaking the school records I mean well well I mean so uh I mean so for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she also well um um like well well um well achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, so okay okay you know so um um okay in a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients like um so well I mean you know uh you know will be completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is like you know like like like um well so that he recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' so um I mean well uh you know well so Baby Your'e a Rich Man' from the 1991 album you know like um okay I mean well um uh Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are well you know okay well you know okay um you know generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of I mean you know like so uh like okay okay jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not you know um okay uh okay uh well like the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants uh um well um okay so okay I mean were deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college so you know I mean I mean I mean I mean so uh common room; he leads his friends and the students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only exception was made for officers who I mean you know I mean um um okay uh okay served in the Far East; as Nesterov did not so uh well uh okay well so okay have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach the uh um well um you know well um well Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his position like uh um so you know you know well okay as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs so so like you know so um uh uh during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron um uh I mean okay okay so well I mean and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this method, building blocks are protected by all I mean well uh uh so like uh okay reactive functional groups and two functional groups in which um um you know okay well uh uh like the reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of the uh um so well I mean I mean um um nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu like okay so you know I mean well okay I mean in Hawaii and known for big wave surfing during you know okay I mean like you know so okay um the winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing um well well okay uh well like uh competition and the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was featured uh so like so um um um uh in the debut episode of the television series, is I mean uh so you know um so okay okay featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for um like I mean okay uh well well you know individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a um so um you know well so I mean well lost dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity like okay like you know so well I mean so appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor I mean so I mean you know okay so I mean like from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his Law like well so I mean you know okay uh you know examination. At the age of twenty one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion like I mean okay well um like like um designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on you know okay uh okay um uh I mean like a large scale, which can be both good and um you know so you know uh you know you know so bad, because of the large contributions by like uh uh uh like um you know like the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' um so um like um I mean um like ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw I mean you know um um I mean you know okay well as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 okay um well um well okay uh um check to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him instead well I mean um so I mean okay I mean like of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name so you know I mean well so you know okay well with probably less than 300 families around the globe um I mean so you know like I mean okay I mean. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as you know uh um well so um like well Regent, and installed a puppet regime led um well so I mean okay um um okay by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was sent up like so um okay I mean so like you know shortly after the accident to search for the wreckage encountered so uh like well like uh I mean I mean extreme turbulence in the accident area, and many other aircraft that I mean well well um like uh I mean uh passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue you know uh like um so okay um uh eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his like so well I mean um you know well um father, Panis Rahl because he had found out that like you know so you know well um like I mean his father was going to kill him because of his evilness uh well I mean I mean so um I mean well but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the Solar you know uh well like I mean I mean okay um System, including the solar wind, and especially the space like um I mean like so you know uh so surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near - so like like well uh so um well Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows J a statue to K, killed by well uh uh okay I mean well like uh Boris in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk craving okay uh you know well um so like you know and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi okay okay I mean well I mean like well so di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', like uh you know uh okay you know you know like UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as part of like uh well you know like you know well uh the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, uh like you know like uh uh uh I mean by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby I mean I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean I mean Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort so okay well like I mean okay I mean you know Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 spectators, you know you know uh so you know like like I mean and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas okay you know um you know okay uh uh so of the Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated so I mean you know well okay I mean like uh at elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap uh like okay well um well well um area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group I mean uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a like um uh well like I mean well like teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference uh you know you know okay uh uh like okay in Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp and paper like well um well um I mean like well Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of only two actors to audition, he was cast you know um like well uh um so uh as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance like okay I mean like uh uh um um to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the so well you know so so like like I mean Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county is one of a limited number of um like like I mean like well so like US counties with a county police department called the Union well okay um um like okay like I mean County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and Iroquois homelands, um well um um I mean I mean um um destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a okay so um like so um well so French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in the late 800's, when what is known so okay um uh uh well so so as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and like I mean I mean um well like you know uh Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band I mean uh like like well I mean uh you know Derek and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track well you know I mean like you know um uh I mean from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - 105 well okay like well okay like okay so on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring 45 points, so so um so uh okay so well his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly uh like okay uh well uh like okay rather similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, you know uh I mean so like so um so so ISCII encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father died um okay well well well um so um in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, uh uh you know uh okay I mean I mean uh the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering well uh okay um okay well I mean you know a varied array of female forms and expressing many like like so well I mean you know um okay different emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very like okay um so like well you know so original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, okay I mean I mean you know well um um so and won by The United States, though it and the well um uh um I mean so uh you know subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development I mean so so so um uh okay so of the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it well so um like okay uh um so does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on like uh you know uh like like um so stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed so I mean um um you know you know um okay an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming like you know well um so okay um I mean a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form of okay okay like so like like um I mean alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to uh so um well you know so so like alter the track and require quick reactions to you know so you know I mean uh okay okay I mean get on the right course, while Simulation racing games might you know uh okay well I mean I mean um um include tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although so well I mean um um like I mean you know the Code was not established until 1685, the Code Noir so okay like um okay uh you know so forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co. He okay well so like um so like uh was a founder in 1831 of the Bank of you know like I mean uh um so okay okay Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; you know like okay I mean um okay uh like born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1936 ) like uh so like you know well uh well Is a Japanese classical composer and also composes for anime, um I mean um uh like like uh well he is mostly known in the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior to well I mean okay okay so uh I mean you know the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna um I mean um like so okay you know uh Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the actions um well so like um well so so taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount well well you know so so well so um Leuser is the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, um okay uh like well I mean I mean um 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts like um so so uh I mean uh uh Centre in 1974; construction was completed in 1976 well well okay uh like I mean so um and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA Track & Field has been inducting members into so um like like well you know like well the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in uh okay you know I mean uh like you know uh the western portion, much of the area receives snow like you know you know you know um uh well well in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World War II, there were extensive changes to um um um like you know so uh well the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken at the so um like so well uh you know I mean Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior so you know so I mean well uh well you know College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in 2009 uh you know um so uh so um like and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach uh well I mean well you know okay well you know of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and well I mean okay okay uh I mean well well Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy well I mean um so like okay well okay France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the um so you know like so I mean well well 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized a so like uh you know like okay uh well local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within the city well uh well you know well okay okay well limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is a central defender who began his I mean um I mean uh you know well uh I mean career at League Two club Bradford City, and has okay I mean okay okay okay I mean like I mean also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of snack shops so okay so I mean like um I mean well in South Wales and is a keen singer / like uh uh okay uh well so so songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest at you know like you know you know okay okay you know um Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage well I mean so like so like like uh of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of so well um uh so uh so like the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men in you know you know like I mean okay like um well overcoming difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social uh um I mean I mean um so um okay debate at the time, leading the New Left to well well well uh so well um I mean use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as okay like so well well so you know like proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is uh you know uh well like I mean well so the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two most prestigious so okay well you know like like so okay races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the most like um like you know you know well okay uh frequently used constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was like so well uh okay I mean like so a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of okay uh like um so okay um uh a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his uh well okay well uh um you know um political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous you know like like um so uh well like attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre so so so well well I mean like you know de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he so you know uh well okay so you know okay obtained his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is a list of railway stations in the uh I mean well so um I mean you know okay Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a like um okay okay okay like you know uh complex consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball you know okay okay um okay so okay like stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing okay I mean uh like um like you know okay a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have come uh you know like uh um uh uh like out, still praising them for their bravery, instead he acknowledges how well like um well so well you know so coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, uh you know uh uh so I mean uh like though they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any well you know I mean I mean you know so I mean you know meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the um okay well I mean I mean okay like like Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital so um like so I mean uh um well in the late 8th century until the rise of you know so I mean so you know I mean I mean so the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly uh uh uh well so well like uh trained singers, and the use of spectacle as a I mean um okay so uh uh okay like replacement for dramatic purity and love on the Opera like I mean uh I mean like you know um so '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, he once again continued his career um so so uh well so okay um in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about him constantly uh I mean you know I mean you know um you know okay on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls okay I mean I mean well uh so like you know and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local habitat uh um like I mean you know I mean well okay loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, okay so like like you know I mean so so Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his office but like okay okay I mean um like you know well with a change in routine - instead of ignoring so so so like uh I mean um um the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic I mean you know you know okay like so I mean uh combined, and ski jumping, and after the Olympics will remain you know well like like so like um uh a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely you know you know uh okay like so okay uh pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split by so so like you know um uh okay okay rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved okay well you know so well well okay I mean on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working in a you know okay well so so well uh um Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo Batoni like um well like okay so like uh and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, like okay you know you know I mean uh so I mean and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift um you know uh um well so well like as it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the you know I mean uh you know uh like you know uh place of 'F - O - R - D' lettering on um you know like well you know so you know okay the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones worked with okay um you know like uh so um so many musicians who were great talents in their own right, including you know I mean um well so I mean so like Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject okay so you know so like well I mean uh matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent you know um you know I mean well well you know so Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of um okay so like you know uh like well business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor and like I mean um well so um okay okay comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of you know I mean you know um I mean well you know okay the United States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, 1944 you know like well uh uh you know uh so to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial okay okay okay I mean well well um uh essay by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an you know I mean so um okay um uh uh analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet um so you know like like you know you know like still managed to give the order to submerge, in all I mean like you know um um well I mean you know likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, okay um you know okay I mean well uh uh however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal um you know I mean so well uh I mean so the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and you know uh um I mean okay okay okay like Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, um okay uh you know well uh well well North America, and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by the so so um uh um okay um like engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed like well I mean uh well well so okay Elioak as home while they served in World um uh um okay you know okay okay so War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas well like you know well well okay so uh probable prime, so it is either prime or it is a you know like well so I mean you know uh you know Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version of like you know like I mean uh like uh well the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and Pon you know uh okay so okay so like uh Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who like you know um okay like well um so opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called I mean okay um um so well I mean you know 'The Stanford Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata well like uh um uh so so well Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to mean you know uh um well uh you know so okay 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the you know you know um like okay okay okay like outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in um like so you know uh I mean okay I mean May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - well um like um okay uh okay um time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, he okay I mean I mean uh I mean okay like like reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, um like okay like um you know I mean okay Negros Occidental) is a retired boxer from the uh like well well you know so so you know Philippines, who competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers uh I mean I mean like like um um like are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those um so uh uh like um well like who do not is a cause for concern, I mean I mean so well you know so like uh although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope I mean so well I mean um so well okay suspension bridge designs, in particular, the design of the Brooklyn uh um okay I mean uh okay um okay Bridge, which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this I mean like I mean you know you know uh well like method of writing has is no longer used in like so you know well um well well you know modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated catalysts you know well uh okay you know I mean so so and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and you know um I mean like like uh um I mean a message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo well okay um um uh I mean um so to the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first was an F1 which touched down in Palm I mean I mean so uh I mean um so okay Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for you know okay okay you know uh um um okay Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government okay well uh like okay so I mean I mean was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's um like well well you know you know you know I mean (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, I mean like okay well so so uh you know she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains use I mean uh um like um you know like like the Up and Down main lines, the Down loop being reversible, well so well I mean well well I mean well which allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies um okay um you know uh um you know um that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment you know you know like so um so so you know of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in well uh you know I mean like like you know well 1793, but his plant material remained with him for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes I mean um you know um uh I mean um like his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him like so uh well like uh okay so to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is well like well like so okay um okay an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans I mean I mean I mean so like um you know well outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the like okay um well okay okay um so gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who wish I mean like well uh uh you know uh I mean to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come as like well um you know well uh uh so his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox had been I mean um okay well um you know uh um impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible um well I mean uh uh um I mean you know for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for like so well I mean okay okay I mean you know iPad, iPhone and iPod touch, released in December 2011, um uh you know like uh like like like tells the story of the making of Bandolier in like well like like I mean okay you know uh the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use um um uh like you know um you know uh and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet so okay so you know okay so so okay the defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of um okay um okay I mean I mean like okay both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC Marshall School of Business was established I mean like like you know well okay so so in 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since um well um you know well well I mean uh its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry to I mean like so um uh like you know okay the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify so you know uh uh well um like uh for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers you know well you know okay I mean like like you know and short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons so I mean um like well well I mean well are more prone to certain diseases, such as well uh you know you know I mean uh um you know sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have well so um I mean you know like uh okay noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter you know um like I mean you know you know so I mean and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Some I mean uh so so okay you know so you know Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth okay so so you know I mean I mean well well by one stroke he carded a -6 66 final round to so you know you know like um um like okay beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, I mean so well well like so um well University of Sydney; living very simply and it has I mean you know so so okay so um well been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, and I mean like so um I mean I mean okay you know after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term has been used throughout history to refer so so so I mean I mean okay okay well to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary you know well I mean like I mean you know so I mean international law and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by you know you know you know um well okay okay I mean local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea of so um I mean I mean like okay well uh linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by so um you know you know I mean I mean I mean uh the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated with the uh you know um I mean okay like well so American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who appeared uh uh um well you know well you know I mean up on the TitanTron and told Batista that if he wanted you know like um well well uh so I mean to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting is part of a series of four, the well um well okay like um um like others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film okay uh uh um I mean um like like director in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an you know I mean okay you know um well um um ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba so uh like uh uh um um I mean Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second you know you know okay you know well um like uh restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts you know so you know I mean well you know I mean so to arrest Palpatine, but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, it like okay uh I mean um you know well like was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The okay so you know I mean I mean I mean um uh Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed by approximately you know uh well uh uh so like like 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) and um well well uh um like um uh starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was you know well okay I mean so I mean okay uh in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two I mean so so so okay uh so um from nearby town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger convinces her that running will do her you know um okay so uh so uh uh no good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers well I mean like so so well you know uh will find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development okay like you know so well I mean uh well of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups so so I mean like you know uh so I mean tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only member of you know well like um so well um I mean the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of okay like um um you know well like you know the merger that created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath I mean I mean well so so I mean I mean okay High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village has its own public house - I mean um well uh okay you know I mean well The White Swan - as well as a post office, like so um well I mean okay you know uh 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years you know so um uh I mean well okay so of construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and like like uh um okay well uh okay occupies a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to well so you know um um well so you know command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands um you know um like so like you know you know on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, uh I mean I mean like I mean okay you know like and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban master planned you know okay um um uh so well you know communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the installation um so well um um I mean okay you know department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L like uh okay you know like okay uh you know. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of the 1980's I mean so you know I mean okay I mean like okay in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in Kenya so you know I mean so okay so I mean uh where an entire tribe in the village of um you know well like so um so you know Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like who um okay I mean uh you know you know I mean you know he who saught to stop he lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many okay well so I mean you know you know so um maintain that it was a device created out of tradition so well you know I mean uh like you know well and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and like well well well um okay well well lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son um um well um well so okay okay of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into a like well okay um I mean okay okay you know beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany ( so you know you know uh well like I mean I mean now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) I mean I mean you know okay well like like well was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street you know so I mean um um um you know so circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs you know okay well well you know okay uh um around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real you know I mean uh so well well like okay conflicts in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief of well like okay so I mean like um uh Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small like uh um so okay you know you know um pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that you know uh um um um so like so is easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern um um like you know like um okay okay California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a very um uh well well so I mean uh um unusual and unique feature, a stream running along either you know um like you know you know uh um well side of Fore Street, one of which eventually um okay I mean I mean well I mean okay so flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 '1', okay well you know so so uh you know like heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing a um um you know uh okay um uh I mean leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from um I mean well um uh um like uh the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her parents, um you know you know so um so so you know older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' I mean so you know uh I mean I mean well like dates back to 1831 and is believed to like well um uh you know I mean you know I mean have originated because the simple cheese was usually made like um okay okay I mean uh you know you know in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, okay I mean okay okay so so uh well led by an officer, would roam the streets looking for like uh uh like okay like you know so likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from you know um uh you know okay okay well so the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms you know uh um uh um okay uh um of passenger rail operations, with the last regular train okay so uh so so I mean um um they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare is often noted for his critical views of you know um like uh you know like okay uh British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly um you know you know uh well uh well you know a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military so um well I mean uh so uh like Railways and in that capacity had charge of the organization okay um well like okay well I mean uh and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was one of the forefront leaders of um uh I mean uh you know well um okay the multimedia revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where you know um um um uh um well you know the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals I mean so uh like I mean um well well and influential activists as well as by the artistic and uh you know so well like you know I mean so political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology you know like um I mean um so like I mean collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the you know uh well I mean um uh okay like Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead well so well so so okay uh uh in celebration of the Silver Jubilee of George V uh okay okay like okay um um like. Later in 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in Picardie um well so you know well you know like uh 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion um uh uh well okay okay I mean um RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called well so you know so um okay okay um protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade you know you know you know I mean well I mean um well and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went on to co-host the show until her departure I mean well I mean like so like uh so from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before the programme well okay um like I mean so like um is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the most well you know okay um you know um so well generous afforded by the United States to a Native okay like uh you know I mean I mean uh uh group, and point out that some of the largest um I mean so so uh you know okay you know and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has uh so well okay like like like okay included the hotel in its Historic Hotels of uh I mean okay well you know like um so America program and the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device you know like okay like I mean I mean like um and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very little of her is known and I mean um well um well well you know well published she was known to be present at her uh well um you know uh I mean so you know husband's investment ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have I mean like well okay well well like well been called 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's you know okay I mean um you know uh well I mean 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed well so um so like like so I mean that at least the 14 men mentioned in the like you know you know you know so you know uh okay parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with uh uh um uh so I mean well I mean shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State Airport is one of six active airports like like okay so so you know uh okay operated by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being so like so I mean well I mean so well T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, um well uh like you know well uh so Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to escape okay like like okay uh well uh okay using a different DST, placed in a remote location, I mean so like like like um okay well much of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE okay okay well uh so um you know um - Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials um well you know um so you know so so with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the image I mean uh okay you know I mean um well I mean of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - Ti's power I mean like so you know okay okay um well is considered by some to be the most important, for you know okay well well uh I mean well uh it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them to be you know well I mean like like like well well in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe I mean you know I mean well I mean like I mean okay Chù', is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, I mean so okay uh um okay like okay the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in um like well um you know I mean okay so the 59th minute of their match against England in the um like I mean like you know okay well you know group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 like okay you know uh well uh well so lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the well um you know uh um I mean okay uh population decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach like um like okay okay like you know so its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles I mean uh well uh like like okay you know (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted well um well so uh uh well well a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs like like you know uh okay like um okay scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original distance of the race was 2, I mean well okay well well I mean I mean like 200 metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to I mean well um well okay you know um um 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site is a long section of the Narew River that um um uh like uh um like I mean is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano you know uh you know okay well um um I mean singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), well like um so like you know uh so the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New Haven in so like okay well I mean I mean you know um the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, foundered and um okay like okay I mean so okay um was revived numerous times during the 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in well so um um so you know okay like the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or more consecutive groups of zero value may you know I mean like you know uh well well well be replaced with a single empty group using two uh you know so uh uh um you know well consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution so um like you know so like well uh may only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated at um okay well you know okay well uh so the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately so I mean I mean I mean um I mean uh I mean halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers I mean so you know like okay um so I mean from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as commander uh uh uh so so like I mean so of division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle of um well um um uh I mean well so Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, and six weeks later, I mean well like okay um okay like you know the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at Mackay um so you know um um so you know you know Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the so you know you know like uh well like um Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams I mean uh I mean uh okay uh uh well did not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando like um okay you know well well you know um Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought I mean so um like you know you know uh you know that as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) well well I mean um uh like I mean you know and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer I mean I mean um you know um I mean okay like Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at you know so you know I mean well so um like the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics okay um uh so you know okay I mean so at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / um like you know I mean um okay you know you know honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, I mean like uh okay you know like you know I mean both of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and so uh like well well so I mean so research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, okay like you know I mean uh so so I mean alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga um like okay okay so so so I mean Cooperation Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee well uh um well you know okay well well industry amongst the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic like so you know um like so so um liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine fish um okay like I mean um well okay um native to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, uh okay well uh like uh you know like in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s like okay well okay I mean you know you know like by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling agencies; um okay you know you know um I mean okay I mean today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - running 'The um okay um well uh you know like I mean Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to the prior I mean um okay uh I mean I mean um well two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), well like like well so I mean like well also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with well uh I mean you know so well so um assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the uh well um you know uh like uh so Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel in so I mean I mean I mean uh so um uh the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source so you know okay uh well so so well of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring you know um uh uh well um so well Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having been denied leave by the Star so so I mean you know uh uh okay uh after the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 you know okay okay well so uh you know okay to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a special um okay you know well I mean okay I mean well - purpose map made to show geological the strata are I mean well you know like um okay uh you know extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he you know you know uh like I mean so like like worked on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived well like so uh okay um um well more or less separate lives, and the couple separated so like I mean I mean so so well like completely after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned I mean um you know well like well uh well to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S um okay well so okay so um uh. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and several I mean uh so well I mean uh well you know public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic uh so you know um like so I mean so County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary health care facilities for the village are I mean you know you know um you know like uh well at al - Kum designated by the Ministry of well I mean you know like like I mean um so Health as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, like uh I mean so uh okay um well he was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best - uh like uh like like I mean I mean I mean known was 'Land Under England', a science - so I mean okay you know um I mean so like fiction account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind um okay like I mean you know you know I mean you know control, cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the I mean uh I mean you know so uh uh so European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study well you know uh I mean so uh um I mean hours of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, um well like okay okay I mean well you know he learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions so um so okay well uh I mean you know that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research you know so I mean so so you know um you know interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, um I mean like like you know well so well yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House of Representatives like you know well well um you know okay okay in 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker I mean um so um okay uh okay uh served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus you know like well um um so I mean um such as chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian so um I mean so um you know uh I mean basketball coach that currently serves as head coach of okay so you know uh okay like I mean I mean CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially well uh well um you know well uh like serving in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan so uh um okay so uh um I mean Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely I mean well well okay um okay well okay its degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing I mean like so well well uh um like for the same territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the second week of October 2012 about 42, uh like you know like like um well so 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he was the lead singer of the pop band I mean well okay okay well well well um 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, like so I mean I mean okay I mean well you know and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct the like um so well like so well uh colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains a series of export features to like so well so I mean like okay so MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the um uh well you know so okay well like Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's well so um like I mean I mean I mean uh music and as a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 so I mean I mean okay um um um um of those will be home games, they will also I mean uh you know um okay I mean uh like be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre you know so so like so well you know uh Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that took so like um you know okay I mean okay well Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist I mean okay like like uh um like like and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter uh um um so you know uh I mean um Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only made his league debut almost a year later, well like okay okay well like I mean so in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos like I mean you know so okay uh you know um on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted I mean okay well like I mean well I mean well the song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump can not draw more water from so you know well like um like so I mean the pipe to which the washer is um uh you know you know like I mean okay so connected than that source can provide: the water supply must well like okay um um you know so well be adequate for the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve like I mean I mean so well like you know um years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in Kimanis um I mean okay okay um um like well but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, well well I mean so well well like like but it was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such as well okay uh well like uh like I mean Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands okay like um you know so so well well in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the uh well you know I mean you know you know so you know basilar artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals uh um okay well um I mean uh you know to produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne I mean you know okay okay well I mean uh like Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service was increased in 5 cars in like uh so so well okay like well 1918, and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member so so I mean you know I mean I mean um so of the Indian classical music family', with its roots as uh um you know I mean like like um so a folk instrument having a legendary background to the uh so well uh like like well um Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late rapper like um so I mean uh I mean I mean uh Eazy - E, from his album of the same name, you know you know okay like um okay like well 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was released you know so like um well you know well um in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' okay like well so okay I mean I mean okay ) is a name that the Greeks of the Euxine well so uh like I mean so um like Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in well well I mean well uh so you know so the 1960's as a means to pool resources you know well uh you know you know so so I mean and share facilities, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops you know you know you know uh you know I mean uh so Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was a um so um you know like um you know uh manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature I mean you know I mean you know so um well uh every year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series well okay well you know like so okay you know of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' well uh um okay okay um like uh and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies uh like so well I mean so okay um cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; um um well okay well uh you know uh he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third okay so okay like like uh like I mean trial to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, the like I mean well like um I mean you know like name was not retired and was re-used during well uh like like uh so well okay the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part in you know I mean um um um so I mean you know the landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further well well um um I mean so okay okay below while polling of individual constituencies and groups I mean like so like you know like uh you know of them (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva like like okay so you know well you know like was leading the league with a. 328 average, but a okay you know well you know so um I mean well 3 - for - 32 slump in the okay um you know I mean so I mean like you know middle of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in you know um so well you know uh you know I mean Las Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses and okay like you know well uh well um okay 9, 250 houses, left of standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, the um so uh okay well um well well first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the next day German troops crossed the um um well you know like um okay I mean border of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - so you know uh you know um okay okay uh Inquart, the latter communique having been arranged after the so um okay you know uh you know uh you know troops had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain um like so you know like like like I mean America in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling like well um okay uh so uh like themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is a popular misconception that these lakes okay like I mean like I mean uh well like are filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight continued the following day, August well well well uh I mean you know um so 23, with four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one you know uh so like you know uh um um of them killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie um uh you know okay uh like okay so and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary I mean you know well you know I mean you know um like system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 ) I mean like um like so like so well claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, you know I mean well um you know I mean um uh and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's well uh you know so um so okay you know also investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise is vital in the battle for well you know okay I mean so um I mean uh Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the you know like um I mean um I mean so so boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his you know uh um well well so um um visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he well well so okay well I mean um well visited Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award by I mean you know okay I mean okay like well okay the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship at the well so okay um uh well okay so Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as well so okay you know like like um uh uh as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late um I mean well I mean um well well well December normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von you know like um um well you know you know um Prel, or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, like I mean okay um you know well well um Baron du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August like um so so uh um okay so 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents you know so well you know uh um uh uh and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 um um I mean uh well well well you know - 1' was a more guitar based pop album that also like like okay um um I mean uh I mean became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering you know so you know so I mean um uh you know a stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and like um so um um uh okay um unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company so like okay so uh you know um so listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the companies okay you know okay like like I mean I mean um involvement in N. Africa and North East Asia, before retiring I mean you know I mean uh okay so like um due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters in the novel do not hold so you know I mean uh well okay you know I mean as much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' like um so well uh um I mean okay ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater okay so I mean you know you know um you know like Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near the foothills um I mean you know so like um um well of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in the I mean okay okay okay so like well um first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; 1886 you know um like like I mean you know well uh - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of like uh okay I mean um um okay um Spike in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, so you know so well so I mean I mean so and as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 okay I mean okay um you know well well uh € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a so so okay okay um um I mean well 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 like like you know so you know like like okay € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair like you know you know so uh I mean well well of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, you know uh you know you know um um uh like New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than the lion, um I mean I mean so I mean well like you know their struggle became more like that of dogs unable to I mean you know so so okay so you know um beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, like I mean uh um so I mean like okay among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie I mean you know like you know you know you know like um completely within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional like um you know like so okay you know um territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found well okay like okay uh you know okay I mean form in their architect a congregational space that was okay uh okay uh so okay like like used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage like you know like like uh um well you know the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, so well uh okay like you know you know like and backed him against the other main party on um so so I mean okay you know well so the Privy Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in so like um well I mean you know um um September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the well I mean I mean you know well well uh okay dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level like like like well so I mean I mean you know was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) was so like like uh um you know okay I mean born as the second son of Reynold Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' uh well uh okay so like I mean well on its vocals created and a 'moody' production that was um uh well um so like like like compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four you know okay well I mean you know uh like I mean of his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 uh okay well uh I mean I mean okay I mean October 2001) was a British television um like so uh so I mean uh like channel owned and operated by Life TV Media, it launched I mean you know okay um okay like uh like in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations with well you know uh okay uh so I mean I mean little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention to I mean well so uh well well okay so the electrified commuter lines they began operating on January 1, um uh well well you know um uh uh 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - um um so well so so uh like based Eagle Hills and he also acts as a I mean so I mean well okay um uh you know top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into so I mean okay like you know uh you know um round 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid like I mean I mean well um well okay like - consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial I mean I mean you know well so I mean like um science, and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework I mean like um I mean like you know like okay schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that um well um um so you know um like Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all so you know well so uh I mean so well non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another I mean you know uh like you know so so well stratovolcano (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about 2 - um you know well you know well uh okay so 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' okay like so well so um well like and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined so you know uh I mean so I mean like you know Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up to um uh well I mean I mean you know uh uh December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a you know um okay you know I mean so I mean uh contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet like okay okay so um like uh like of music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it you know well like you know well so I mean so an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since um so um um you know you know uh like the late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served okay I mean well like well you know well you know and eaten with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of San okay you know so well like um um so Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently so okay I mean um uh uh I mean well owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, okay okay you know I mean uh like like like temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels of endemism and that of species richness are like um I mean uh so okay uh I mean frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, there is you know you know so well so um well uh high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending I mean you know uh you know you know so um um champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on uh okay so I mean okay well so well the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the I mean okay well um like you know like you know 6th century B. C. Its greatest period began from the well I mean uh so I mean okay uh like 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the um you know you know so you know um like I mean 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off okay you know well okay so uh so like the Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - I mean uh so I mean okay you know okay you know run museum with screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable okay okay like um so uh uh I mean star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women you know like um uh well like well I mean and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, so I mean like like well so you know so Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on uh so okay like you know I mean I mean uh May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized I mean so you know I mean you know um uh like as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's so like I mean uh like you know so like modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest you know like you know uh uh you know so so for 40 years or more', but Red Fife is a uh like I mean well so okay you know um landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married I mean uh well well you know so so I mean to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette well uh uh you know um well you know uh Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a first - year law student in 1891, okay um like okay like okay like um Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home for uh uh I mean you know you know I mean uh well sale and then gone out of town, and the daughter uh uh okay you know well uh like uh thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he discovered the well uh you know um you know I mean well okay Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an important you know so so I mean like you know so well tributary of the Tapajós river along with the discovered so you know like um uh uh so well the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a palace um like like uh um um you know you know in Downton on one of the islands by the Moot when so you know uh I mean you know you know like well the palace was taken down and the stone is I mean so uh uh okay okay I mean well thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska is a one of the more uh okay so like well um well so northern stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel well uh like uh uh like I mean I mean in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by so you know well so um um I mean you know Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows well so I mean I mean you know um um like continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of um so I mean so uh like well okay turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who plays well well I mean uh so like well so for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen like well so I mean I mean you know I mean so to prevent the reduction in the size of the school's so like okay um okay I mean well uh playing fields, although a new food technology block has like uh I mean I mean like I mean well okay been built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, but uh like I mean you know okay you know uh so a distinct canid, although based only on morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, like so um I mean uh so you know I mean strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and um like uh you know like okay okay well included in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises near well so uh um okay uh okay well Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and which, I mean you know so so okay you know so like although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, you know okay like like so like you know you know built into the ships' nose cone / well like I mean I mean like you know well like antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American I mean uh so well I mean okay I mean um writer and United States Marine officer who won the National so so okay I mean you know so well um Book Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin I mean okay well well like like I mean I mean in one of his very first acting roles during its uh well uh so you know well so uh first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' is okay okay um I mean okay uh well okay the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing well you know like okay so like like so on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try uh well you know I mean like um uh you know to call him to warn him but are confronted so I mean uh okay okay um I mean uh by the assassin who spares their lives since they are um um um okay you know well well uh not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and like well so um okay uh I mean you know most of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to I mean I mean I mean like like so well um Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had so like like well okay well uh so refurbished a 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse you know you know well okay um um well like and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for um like you know well okay uh like you know frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military uh I mean so okay well so well you know reforms of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more okay you know you know I mean okay you know you know you know effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the well you know like well like well like okay reason for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her okay well you know uh like uh uh so heir apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on like like well you know okay um so um the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal of this project is to promote connection I mean so okay like uh uh like you know and celebration as the residents join together in a um I mean okay uh so like so so community that is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, well I mean uh uh okay uh well like here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, who well so like so okay like uh I mean refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, so so okay uh you know you know I mean um and previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL - uh I mean well um okay okay well you know TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which okay so so well well you know like I mean premiered in the United States Congress and has since been well uh um you know okay I mean like uh invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an um I mean uh so okay I mean well uh official, purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for okay okay um um uh well like like him, and the family arranged a marriage for him with um I mean uh uh okay uh well like Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ okay well um I mean like um well well 100, 000 per year for ten years), and in 1935, he like I mean okay I mean so like like uh signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator - um um so you know uh I mean like so Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category compiles all pages based solely as a list okay like you know like okay well you know okay of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the main possibilities um uh so well you know like okay so for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already um okay you know like you know you know well like won both the Masters and U. S. Open, like okay you know um you know so I mean uh to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music um I mean um you know like you know uh I mean producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and so so well so okay so okay like vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian excavations at Tell you know okay well okay well you know uh you know Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since 1987 he um I mean uh well so um you know uh has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission okay uh so you know I mean you know I mean um at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, well so okay um I mean uh you know like United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in I mean so okay like so so like you know Baltimore, and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to um uh okay I mean so I mean well um the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 season and okay you know uh well like I mean uh uh joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical to okay uh I mean uh I mean uh well you know a program's performance; this register allocation is performed uh okay um I mean I mean um like so either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by like um okay um um like so you know the BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake well uh uh so like well so you know completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around I mean um okay I mean um okay okay okay their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of um you know you know uh well I mean um uh cilia that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and so okay um okay I mean so I mean okay former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on uh you know you know like uh so uh okay 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although testimony at trial like uh you know so well so um okay suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered a idol well okay uh well um okay like um in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she okay so like uh well well well so will try to seduce will be Richard and while Trish well so uh so so well I mean okay is away invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest um so um I mean um I mean um um railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep cool and so I mean like well uh so like like staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts like um well well um okay uh uh of the CFL and played 8 games in I mean like I mean um uh I mean you know you know 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day I mean I mean like like I mean like uh um Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was you know uh um you know like okay so um the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner or um you know like uh you know um uh like later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates the love you know okay uh um I mean well okay I mean affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its heritage, okay you know I mean I mean I mean uh okay um Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam engines and um okay well um so so like I mean airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed as the so I mean okay um you know uh well you know manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was a further restoration carried out in like okay you know I mean so uh okay I mean 1922 after the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in well um well uh I mean um you know I mean 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the okay well I mean I mean okay so well uh front gates of the school and forced it to close, uh like so um like um so um while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes you know well like okay okay like uh uh and forms into an ordered filament structure which has two um you know so okay so like I mean like protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees I mean so okay you know you know uh I mean um Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, I mean you know so so so I mean uh uh a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed I mean well well okay um like I mean okay in 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian uh well okay I mean okay so so so non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with like you know you know okay like so I mean okay 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO like well um okay you know okay so I mean Safety 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will uh uh so well um well so okay share their vision for the future as keynotes, as every I mean so uh okay I mean uh well I mean sector of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the like well I mean so you know like so you know only craft upon which James Murray could lay hands, the so well um so um so um uh ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to well I mean well um like so you know um become a presenter as well as a singer; in I mean like uh uh you know well okay um 2016, she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib um uh you know okay I mean I mean so um University Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) I mean um so um um well like I mean with its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British I mean okay um um you know like I mean you know professional boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since um um you know I mean well you know like so 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, uh well uh um you know uh um okay previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the late 1980s he had become one uh well so like I mean I mean well I mean of New Zealand's most recognised actors on his own soil. He uh so like well uh well uh okay was a much loved feature of many local films uh you know like um so like you know okay made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, like okay I mean um so you know you know okay has allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have like um so like well well I mean like been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was well I mean you know you know well okay um so succeeded by an even shorter - lived first Albanian um well okay um uh uh I mean well Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed well uh okay um like so uh okay the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative okay so um I mean I mean I mean you know well authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, you know uh okay like uh I mean I mean so Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama like so like um well well you know well City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn Art okay I mean okay you know like I mean I mean I mean University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the wind: so so well um like okay so well ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La Jolla, well so you know like so so uh like California, in the parking lot of a golf course, where well so well like you know so okay well he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations I mean you know you know okay so um I mean you know of this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the 6th so well I mean uh I mean so so you know and 7th centuries, during the trying period when the uh okay well uh uh you know you know well Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish King Clovis okay well okay I mean you know uh okay so I, and was considered to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T so uh okay I mean like uh you know okay. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet population so you know like okay I mean um like well from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the Russian okay okay like um uh uh I mean I mean Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr well well I mean you know so okay you know uh. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent well well okay like so like um okay MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the so so so like um you know like okay resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars like okay so um like so well so that are many times larger and more massive than the Sun. Such you know well well uh so uh okay um stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from like you know okay you know okay um you know so the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance left the play during its out - of - like well okay uh like okay okay okay town tryouts, later saying she felt the role was not like you know you know like like well well I mean right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will okay so so okay you know like like you know fund the financial loss incurred by any rise in the well I mean um so I mean so uh uh physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations I mean um so um you know like well okay to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; some uh well so you know so so um uh affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial you know like so okay like like I mean like street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), well so like like well I mean well okay nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is home to a 4 - time state champion so um well well okay you know okay like football team, which won three state titles in 2001, so uh uh uh you know well so okay 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Hills, well okay well I mean so I mean um so serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with Dr okay so um uh um well um like. Berger and learns to try to confront rather than control so okay like okay okay um so you know them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were popular for a brief period; like well okay I mean well so um well however, the market for such adaptations all but disappeared you know I mean um I mean I mean uh like um with the advent of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( well I mean okay uh uh okay well you know or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack I mean okay you know I mean like uh uh you know does not join Team Prime, preferring instead to travel uh so um like you know uh you know uh around on his own, but he joins the Wrecker like you know well okay um um like um sub-group of Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and studied I mean like uh well like like okay okay at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting high school he met an Armenian okay uh uh so you know um okay you know music band, using their instruments he learned music uh well okay well you know I mean well you know by experience and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the sudden attack so I mean okay well like so so like and the crusade force advanced toward the town of Al um uh well um so I mean so okay Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the crusade force you know well you know um I mean um you know okay was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a player chooses to take down you know you know well you know you know you know I mean I mean the don't pass line bet, he or she can no so uh so so like um you know um longer lay odds behind the don't pass line, but like well okay you know okay you know I mean well can still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a separate compilation um I mean uh well okay uh uh um phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which allows a well like you know I mean like I mean well well much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton I mean I mean you know so you know uh so okay to the south bank of the river a short uh okay well um I mean you know um uh walk from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire like um um I mean like you know okay well and the Humber region of England, and most is in the East like so so like so um you know you know Midlands region; the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard well okay well um um well you know I mean tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the uh uh like well uh well so um German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his uh like I mean well you know like um you know distinctive bald head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between uh so uh I mean okay uh I mean I mean sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in 'More like uh I mean like I mean um so uh Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy Orchestra Concert in you know you know I mean well you know like you know you know Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee well so I mean you know I mean like okay okay on Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as uh like well um uh uh um I mean InterNIC, was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for so like I mean uh um okay well I mean domain name allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when so I mean I mean well I mean uh I mean um this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - old like like so I mean uh you know so I mean girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, along with the you know well so like um okay okay um other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all uh okay well you know um um you know I mean of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U. S you know I mean so like I mean you know um you know. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the government um like uh okay well like like um of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains of uh you know I mean okay well so um like free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open to uh well uh okay well um well okay the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al - like I mean uh um I mean uh like uh ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and refused you know so okay uh like you know you know you know the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor like well you know like okay you know okay you know would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, London) is so uh you know I mean okay I mean well you know best known as being the former guitarist for Ash, but has uh okay okay so well so uh like since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), who you know so um well well well um so assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French well you know okay uh uh so like um Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as well like uh uh you know well you know okay South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan in you know well uh okay um uh I mean you know western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative well well um you know I mean you know I mean uh Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and well okay like so so you know um uh knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the hands of well um um okay uh well um so mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back to Sanctuary and you know well you know you know well um well I mean attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic uh I mean uh okay okay so well so Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which well I mean so well okay okay so like arose from a dare with his friends over a game of you know I mean so you know I mean so you know uh cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from 1967 you know okay um okay well I mean so okay to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, the two so um um you know like you know like like partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing line -- I mean okay okay you know like well well uh when the first production batch rolled out, Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out I mean you know okay um uh so okay you know of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the um okay okay like um I mean uh uh first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the album to so I mean so well um like I mean I mean be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as well you know um um uh I mean um I mean a single ahead of the album and charted in um uh well like you know like um so the Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying I mean I mean so uh so you know okay so in the order they were meant to die on the well um like um I mean so you know you know bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main façade is dominated by the bell well um like okay okay like like so tower and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected like so uh okay so like well well men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, um like you know I mean uh I mean you know uh but at the end of a near - perfect dinner like uh like um well uh you know um party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, you know you know you know um well um like well New York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently uh so so like I mean uh uh well plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers um okay you know well I mean um uh I mean Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder of uh I mean well uh I mean so well like OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of well like uh like um you know you know so Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie and so so um well um like well you know vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) uh like well well like I mean I mean I mean is a retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the okay so so like so okay so so invading 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was a member of the Union League and helped okay you know so I mean uh so uh so to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different you know uh I mean okay okay um okay so positions, with X and Y closer together than Y and Z, um I mean so okay okay I mean um I mean the temporal interval between the X and well I mean like like um I mean um well Y flashes is perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was born in the late 15th century to uh well like like okay so like you know one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he okay well okay uh well you know like like has claimed he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test okay so okay like you know uh so uh in 1976 when, taking off under its own power uh like um like I mean well you know okay from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was flown okay like well you know um so uh you know by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, okay like so so so um I mean um to which the former judge responded by largely withdrawing from um I mean um uh I mean I mean um well his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities and okay okay like I mean so okay well well Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, uh um like you know uh like um uh and on the Board of Directors of the American well well well well I mean like so I mean Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 I mean well well well so I mean you know well September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version uh like okay well okay you know okay okay of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed okay I mean um you know I mean well well okay general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, okay uh um okay well okay well I mean was also used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and so I mean um so so like so okay he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took um I mean so okay uh like okay so Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could get so uh uh uh you know I mean I mean I mean the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built okay okay okay okay so like okay uh with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has written on political science, exploring how game theory would okay so I mean like so like like uh treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by I mean uh okay uh I mean well I mean so John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 so okay you know so okay you know uh okay ) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently um um well um um you know I mean uh playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and content uh like I mean okay so I mean I mean I mean of the videos, including suggestions that it um okay um I mean uh I mean so um may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and so uh well I mean okay I mean well you know autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily and Libya, well okay so okay uh so like well codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and uh okay uh okay so you know okay like 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south well well so you know like um well so of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused okay um like like I mean well uh like in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively small, okay well like uh you know well um okay but it is nevertheless a key factor in I mean okay uh you know uh like you know so its economy - there are more than 120 publishers in um okay okay like uh okay uh well the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and also so so like well uh you know well uh led them in their centenary year, but left the club in 1976 okay you know well um um you know uh um when he was transferred to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a um I mean um well I mean um like you know science fiction theme centering on a union like uh um I mean uh well you know you know between a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago um you know well you know you know I mean well okay del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received uh so okay so I mean uh like like from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - man World I mean like I mean I mean you know you know so like Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he uh well you know so like well well I mean had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - you know like um you know like I mean so uh man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in um well like you know like so well you know (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is an American rapper, who well well okay okay um I mean um uh first began rapping at the age of 12, and signed okay okay I mean okay well so well well his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content focuses on the titular event in so uh I mean like I mean um like okay the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, in which well you know um I mean I mean so well uh the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and okay um okay well you know okay well so stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm I mean you know okay I mean uh uh okay so machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World well okay um well I mean so I mean you know War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting their uh well you know I mean like um okay well numbers and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns you know um okay I mean like uh um so about its business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for you know like like okay okay like I mean okay the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and you know well um well I mean well so so by the end of the season is kicked off the um like okay you know um like you know um 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his so you know uh I mean um like like um infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K platform um um like uh well like like so and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located um like I mean okay like I mean you know um in New York City opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared in um well so like you know you know like you know five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the uh um like I mean well okay like I mean 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts I mean um okay well like you know so um Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar tract, so um like uh okay uh you know well a way in which stretch receptor and other you know so um I mean okay uh uh okay mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting a fight in the mess hall, like you know okay you know like um you know like Han is dragged to an isolation cell for punishment where uh I mean like so so uh uh um he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry okay uh um well uh okay okay so under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's okay so I mean um you know I mean uh uh Mills further down the Deep River, then set off well you know uh uh I mean uh um I mean with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - well like so okay well I mean well well June 22, 1992) was a British track racing cyclist well um I mean like um okay okay uh whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to the um so like you know you know so uh so Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of the you know uh well you know so okay well I mean Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all you know I mean okay um okay I mean okay so aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had so well uh I mean so well um so been handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid emir you know okay so like like so you know uh of Damascus, but he too was tired or waiting, and I mean well I mean well uh okay um you know he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux under the I mean well you know I mean um well you know you know baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 1888, while the I mean like uh so I mean um I mean so choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the well um uh so so I mean okay okay Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the well like you know okay um um like okay War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined I mean okay you know uh like you know okay like men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest for the like I mean I mean like like you know like so Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since um I mean so uh okay well so well 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert on child abuse on um like well well you know like uh um national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, you know well so I mean um well you know like the route is a freeway that includes like so you know so uh I mean like okay a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief Lord like you know so um so I mean I mean okay of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a large so okay you know uh like so well okay and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as um you know you know well you know uh you know you know 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, he was brought to Greece to like so um okay okay well uh okay play for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the rent okay well um I mean well uh I mean okay for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall well okay like I mean you know I mean like you know in which the wedding will take place -- it's where so okay I mean well so well well okay Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will be well uh well you know you know well um well the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop um well uh okay you know well like um video standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed around okay well okay well okay I mean I mean I mean 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; uh uh okay uh like um like you know buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was you know uh I mean I mean um like okay um damaged during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and um uh um uh you know um like I mean after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 okay um you know um you know you know like okay as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an international uh so I mean well um I mean so I mean star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in well um you know uh you know I mean I mean so February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not like okay so I mean so I mean you know uh paying him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank well so you know um you know I mean you know well on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and so um uh um you know you know uh um started in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second okay um I mean like like like I mean well single and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have cited the downpoint of the album being um you know uh okay I mean um um well the poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated that um you know so um okay I mean I mean uh it was hard to have a producer do everything, where okay um okay um like so um um usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died in Alabama okay you know like um like I mean so so on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's well so like well well you know um so Choice award for his debut record 'Airport People', he I mean so I mean uh okay so well uh also successfully won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 and um so okay um um I mean well uh released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido I mean so you know uh so you know so um or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and like you know okay like um um you know you know order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese like like so well like you know I mean like and Asian markets are made by Axl in well um okay so okay I mean um well China, these guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her great I mean I mean like uh like I mean like you know efforts in trying to promote the country she loves well you know okay um I mean uh uh okay so much she was widowed 12 years ago but has um like so so okay well um like managed to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down so okay uh um okay um okay okay to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized well I mean like like um okay like um in a lake with a worker in the Bowl - I mean um okay you know uh well so okay A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings um you know um you know so um uh um at the same time. He among with other yogis well well like I mean I mean like well uh namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, uh well okay I mean so so so so both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild you know um I mean okay you know I mean I mean so of Evangelion' and reappears in' where she remains generally like uh so so I mean so okay I mean the same as in the anime as she acts you know so um like so um like uh as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for so um okay I mean uh you know so so pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't need to buy loads of magazines, uh you know uh well you know so well well make a thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, like um well so okay so like so thanks to specialist section you are able to create okay I mean I mean okay um well so okay your own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising executive okay uh okay you know um like okay okay and the head of the New York and New England Apple well I mean well I mean well um um okay Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually um you know uh uh well uh well well working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she like I mean I mean um I mean so um uh left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF was founded in West Berlin okay um so like um you know well like on 26 June 1950 to find ways to okay well like well uh well you know okay counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is um well so okay uh uh uh like heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the um um um you know I mean so so like KV - 1 was invulnerable to almost any so so like okay uh well I mean like German weapon except the famous 88 mm gun even um okay you know like you know like okay so then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then so like so uh so well well so the University of York, after which he spent four well okay um uh so um so well months working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent for uh you know like um um you know you know you know a food namely a cucumber that was structural modified vs GM so okay uh like uh uh um I mean. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out uh uh okay um um well okay like of the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth okay um like uh well you know okay like and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he like like like um um you know I mean so played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made her television debut on the Fox show New like so you know okay well so you know I mean Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear in About like like like like you know okay you know so a Boy, The Young and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which okay I mean uh so you know okay uh okay was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry her like uh you know uh okay I mean like so daughters to wealthy men; whether or not any so well I mean like so like uh so such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, well I mean like you know so uh well like was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers um um okay I mean well uh I mean I mean Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the low okay so okay uh like um well uh - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football (soccer) like okay okay so well okay I mean well club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in like okay I mean like um you know like I mean Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is haunted by the day when he well I mean uh you know um so like you know discovered his wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs uh so you know like I mean uh so um of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence in well you know I mean okay like um okay like his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the well um um you know uh well you know okay President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and I mean okay uh so I mean like so I mean Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the I mean you know you know okay like well I mean you know probability density function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious okay you know uh you know like so um so disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and like um you know so I mean I mean okay um led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, like you know okay okay okay you know I mean I mean coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook well like uh uh like like I mean so Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی براۓ مینجمنٹ like okay uh uh okay um uh uh سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a okay I mean you know um you know you know okay uh Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, you know like so you know okay like you know okay and also appeared as a backing singer in the video like um I mean so um so um so for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines I mean so like well okay I mean okay so which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The okay um um okay uh um so I mean Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State so so well so you know well so okay University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan county of so I mean like so well like well I mean West Yorkshire and has a population of approximately 1 uh uh I mean you know you know I mean like um. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be well um okay okay like like you know I mean in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample of Spanish uh like uh like okay uh so okay Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though she has an above average IQ, she is not so like uh uh um so um uh a very good student, except for Art, in which she well well uh um uh so well um always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their okay um like well well okay well okay candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, he was nominated as the one of well uh uh I mean okay uh um I mean front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of well I mean um uh well okay um well Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons I mean okay so okay well well okay uh - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not like I mean I mean okay uh like um um statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 I mean I mean I mean so uh um well uh of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for I mean like um I mean okay I mean you know um mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had been you know uh so um so okay like well invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor so well um okay uh um you know um was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in I mean um well I mean so um so okay April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough um okay okay okay I mean uh so you know of Camden, best known as the site of 'The Roundhouse', I mean um well I mean um uh so you know a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' uh like like you know I mean uh uh um ) of western - central Michoacan State, the um I mean uh like uh okay um you know River takes a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains like like you know um I mean like um uh into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; well I mean you know well you know uh well okay played a key role in a political crisis that um um so so you know well I mean so threatened to tear the Liberal government and the country apart and um you know like okay so I mean well you know incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off okay you know uh like I mean uh well well - track students in their education preparing them for high you know uh you know so well you know well like school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard University in um okay you know like uh you know so so 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's Drama I mean like like uh you know so you know okay Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete to you know uh well um um well okay I mean keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to like well you know um okay you know I mean so the Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension okay so so I mean so so well so to Aomori, the remaining northern portion of the line is like okay well so okay um um um expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was drawn to the project to give her young so so so so uh uh uh like children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a okay well so I mean well I mean well um sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on Fifth well I mean you know okay so uh you know I mean Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas okay like I mean you know so okay so um Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just before uh um I mean like okay so well uh Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital I mean um you know well like like um you know was shifted to other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, um like so so well okay so I mean grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and his okay well well uh so uh okay um clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under their okay okay uh you know okay I mean I mean like plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at the age um uh you know I mean okay like you know uh of forty - two; his funeral was held you know so like like like I mean um I mean in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen um uh um so so um uh like Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged I mean okay well you know I mean like okay um to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else from the TV show has left the uh okay you know like um so um well group, and been replaced by bass singer Reggie uh like um okay well so like I mean Battise, bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, England um you know so so um so you know you know formed in 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway between Hayle okay you know like well okay um well well and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter for so like well uh you know okay you know well 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling you know so so like well well like I mean still struggling with the same structural problems, in uh you know I mean you know I mean you know well um addition, they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the uh I mean so you know I mean okay you know um University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English um uh well uh um um uh you know rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her well uh uh well well like so well 'the hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like the I mean you know um I mean you know okay uh um winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, is I mean like like like so uh I mean okay slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played I mean so you know I mean I mean um you know so by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is located um like okay like you know um uh well at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney and consists I mean okay um so so uh like uh of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw you know like um like like I mean you know uh greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a like I mean so um you know so um uh negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic so uh well um um like I mean so but dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper you know um uh uh you know I mean um I mean founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark like okay you know so I mean well okay um published no more fiction during the remaining two decades of well you know I mean uh you know okay so uh his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, you know uh okay I mean okay um like uh 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named um um so okay you know okay like you know the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - to well like okay okay you know you know um so - business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content well so okay uh so uh like so and other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co so um well like well like so uh. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of you know I mean okay um um okay well okay times that the wire was pulled through a draw well uh like um like so um like plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they did not have what is classified as like you know um uh okay well okay uh Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was enough well uh okay you know I mean well you know so kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port Angeles, well like um you know you know um you know um Washington United States) is President of the and originator of so well um well well I mean well I mean the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they could you know like I mean you know um you know so I mean pass to obtain the Green Card which will determine if like um okay okay so I mean uh so they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade okay um you know I mean I mean you know okay you know cricketer who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the Draytons' dinner so you know like you know you know so well I mean but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country was divided into different economical and political systems, with several so so so uh like well um okay kinds of currency in circulation, and the ancient Baltic well so you know uh okay um okay so Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few months after Womer was born his mother I mean so okay uh like well well you know (Roxie) took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for like um uh like uh so you know um her to care for four children and his parents decided to I mean uh like okay you know so okay you know send him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty sugars, like like you know so um I mean well okay but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne so I mean like so uh you know like well in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, so like okay I mean uh I mean I mean um Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert I mean um so uh okay I mean you know I mean Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, I mean well so I mean well like I mean like as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, I mean okay uh well okay um okay I mean figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan well so so well I mean um uh like was appointed as the NDP critic on the Environment, and like uh like you know like uh well okay sat as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan like uh like okay you know like well okay where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses like you know uh um uh okay like you know were houses or inns where horses were kept and could I mean so uh okay uh so well so be rented and postriders could be hired to take travellers uh I mean okay well um you know uh like Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates okay um um I mean so well you know like written in an unknown language or constructed language and are you know you know you know so well well like well alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but like uh uh uh okay I mean you know well they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from I mean I mean well like okay I mean like so a variety of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a um so uh you know like so well like derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as well uh okay I mean like you know you know I mean high as 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort uh well um I mean um I mean um um Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm and uh you know so um uh like you know um pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M' well okay well so uh okay uh okay. Around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that you know well so well okay I mean like so the character was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish professional ice like like um uh well so I mean so hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French like okay like I mean like so okay like army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) was constituted so um well well uh okay um I mean in June 2001, its objectives being to promote like okay um I mean you know uh I mean I mean and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and okay well so well well so okay you know to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories so uh well um well you know uh you know tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre um okay so you know well so you know okay Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning you know so okay you know I mean like well I mean a mast step, which by its arrangement of boards allows so so um I mean like like um uh the mast to be raised and lowered, and a um you know um uh I mean you know I mean you know similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to you know you know um you know um uh uh you know 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring you know I mean like well uh okay I mean so Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the age of twenty he had taken over the um you know like um um well well okay malt - making side of the family business and in well I mean well like well um well well June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't some you know I mean so um okay uh like like excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all of the well so so you know you know so so uh other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have uh like um okay well uh so you know been 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo making um well well so so well uh like it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when engaged well I mean like uh okay um um uh in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division required up I mean um okay uh okay so well so to 1, 100 tons of supplies a day, though a uh um well you know like I mean so like more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime uh you know okay you know like I mean so um among peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by like like I mean well like I mean like so Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and you know you know I mean uh well uh I mean like installed at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than well I mean well I mean well uh okay um its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada so well uh okay so okay um you know is the result of a fault - block that is analogous to um I mean uh so like so okay like a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which uh you know um like okay so okay uh operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, okay well so I mean um you know well well more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence to well like I mean okay uh okay uh so guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage like well um well well well okay so name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and like like so well uh uh I mean so actor best known as a member and one of the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is half the size of all previous basic receivers like well I mean like so okay uh so and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S so so I mean uh uh well okay okay - Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 so well so you know um you know I mean like in Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and uh I mean you know I mean okay okay uh you know with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an so okay you know uh uh like uh okay American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he well I mean you know okay you know you know so like is a member of the Democratic Party and served uh um I mean you know I mean well you know well as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng was a well you know you know so um so like like political activist and knew little about military, their I mean okay well you know so like uh okay personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having several I mean um uh um well well you know well single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics well like I mean well um uh you know so prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely like I mean um like uh so um like related to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens uh I mean I mean uh okay I mean uh uh graduating with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and uh okay like so uh I mean okay so mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - so you know so I mean so like so like stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a uh uh you know you know okay okay like you know poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2 okay so I mean um uh I mean okay well. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's 12th, like you know okay uh uh well um okay 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai on the well well well I mean um um okay I mean mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is not okay okay I mean well like you know like so the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did not have any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells her loves her and their love was I mean well like so okay um so uh always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the you know uh um um well like I mean um drink was a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, like I mean I mean uh I mean well uh um whilst its sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval I mean so you know um I mean like okay I mean fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an I mean you know okay you know I mean well well I mean action of the Eighty Years 'War in which a Dutch well I mean uh um well um um well Republican army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which so okay uh okay you know like like uh had been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to so so um like okay well uh uh their Enigma debut, they released a third CD, 'State so I mean you know well I mean you know so um of Control' and a full production Live you know I mean well um uh uh so you know CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a um like okay so well well I mean you know white blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by so like uh I mean I mean um so I mean Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as like like like so uh well um well Mayor of Auckland and was re-elected to this office um so well so um well um um in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % you know okay so so okay uh well uh since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia and uh you know like I mean you know uh okay I mean the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to date on' Billboard' uh okay I mean like uh okay you know um Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB I mean so I mean well um I mean okay well Financial Corporation increased its assets by almost 10 times, and okay uh I mean you know uh okay I mean well took the 5th place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- you know so like uh uh I mean like so every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of data -- okay uh like well um you know um I mean making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on so so well you know so well you know um the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road okay like like you know I mean well like uh where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still named I mean you know um uh um I mean so so as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and um uh well um um you know well like a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden like okay well well you know well uh okay name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, Hahn you know so um okay okay I mean um so was released and in July 1933 he was able well okay uh um um uh um okay to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland well I mean um well uh well you know I mean and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, um I mean you know so I mean well okay um operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the you know I mean like well uh uh you know um mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have left their courses due to okay okay uh well well um well so unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new tendency is you know you know okay so you know like um okay emerging as students who complete their GCE Advanced Level examination I mean okay you know uh like okay okay I mean enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late well so you know so uh so so okay 16th century, when the Japanese conquered it, and the city okay uh uh well well well uh um was further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the plane, they accidentally make two people I mean um I mean okay um you know okay I mean disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew so so you know like okay uh well okay in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this day I mean okay so I mean like um I mean like and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege um um okay uh uh um you know you know by arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage which um you know um I mean so um okay I mean enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- uh uh well you know you know so you know like 'exotic' mesons made of two quarks and two like you know so you know you know uh um so antiquark, but the particle physics community as a uh I mean you know well so okay I mean okay whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is uh I mean um so well okay so okay believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos like okay you know okay uh okay I mean so - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, 1990, well like okay you know uh okay well like and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually I mean um okay uh well I mean so well large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which okay well uh um okay well okay okay organized world tours and booked live performances for various okay you know well like so okay okay you know artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than you know uh so okay okay okay uh you know Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful um I mean um so um so uh well early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British uh you know okay um um well um uh First Army in Tunisia and from there uh well uh you know uh um so I mean it fought through the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 I mean you know well like well so you know like ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell him you know so you know um um okay I mean um about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance and like okay well like you know um you know um worked with them to trick Mookie you know um like you know like well okay you know into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary um so okay uh you know I mean like well and Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an you know um uh you know well like well um 'Oberst' and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, an experimental satellite - based okay so you know you know I mean I mean so uh weapon that fires miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, you know I mean like I mean um well I mean well opens a wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly well uh okay uh um like so well enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also studied Drama and used to combine writing okay so um like um like okay like with her work as an actress and producer in okay I mean uh okay um uh uh well her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - so uh I mean so so okay well I mean 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside um okay I mean like well okay you know um kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around Jumet, he was active like so okay okay so you know I mean so in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are a like you know you know well like you know so like number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight division um like so you know um so I mean um race in which they finished one game out in the like uh I mean well like like like uh first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died uh like um okay I mean so um um when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and you know I mean well I mean uh well uh well is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in the well um I mean well um like uh so US the band decided to film a higher budget you know I mean um well um so like you know video: the American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella um um uh so uh uh well you know Miko, and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal uh uh you know well so well like I mean on a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time goes by they go to the race uh I mean okay so um um um well track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they um like um like you know like so uh set up their establishment of the federation in Beijing as okay I mean okay like um so so like the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option in support like um so well okay okay um like of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the so well I mean you know I mean um uh okay SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before okay I mean like like well okay like I mean his death, his family was in great danger and okay okay um uh um um so you know therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon so well like you know uh so so uh antibunching, so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity well uh you know like okay um like okay as a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with another well so um uh I mean uh well uh former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition and like I mean like I mean you know I mean I mean okay exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to I mean I mean you know I mean so well so I mean 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian actor well like well well like uh well uh / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training you know I mean you know you know um uh okay like academy was permitted to remain open as an independent you know um so so you know like well okay training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married okay I mean like you know um you know um so by 'coemptio' or 'usus': in the latter, a woman um you know so like like like like okay could avoid her husband's legal control simply by being uh well okay I mean well you know like okay absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the I mean well okay so I mean you know uh I mean night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and you know you know I mean like like you know um so Science and Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who like I mean uh like well so uh so played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative well um I mean okay well well like I mean level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body um uh I mean well so um well okay was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella so okay well okay uh so well um to take Azmaria as far away as they can, uh okay um uh okay okay I mean um but before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into you know well so um so I mean like okay stone and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was once a full member of the well um you know I mean okay you know okay you know university but has now left (though it retained some ties) so well like I mean uh so so well having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if well you know so so you know um like like they object the child (unless they are over so okay well so I mean well like like 16 years old) can not be accommodated under Section so okay like like uh well you know um 20 of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu uh well like well okay uh I mean like is the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes um um I mean well you know um you know I mean from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence during her birth you know like so I mean you know so you know I mean and has been treated for the condition at the so uh you know so you know uh okay uh Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos um so you know like uh I mean you know okay Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third well so I mean okay you know uh so like episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Angeles Sparks you know like like like well I mean so um In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA Championship okay I mean well so you know well uh um with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought so like um like okay I mean I mean okay - provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new okay you know so um well so you know so movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London so okay you know okay um uh you know okay is often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair like you know um um so so uh um of Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - you know well um um well okay uh you know based, amateur handball club registered in the England Handball uh uh uh I mean uh so you know like Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, and well um well okay okay you know okay I mean is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's okay well like well well well okay so works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor best like um well so so you know so uh known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls on uh uh uh so well uh uh you know HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole I mean you know like so you know I mean so um Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, 1965) was well okay you know uh uh so you know so born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music singer I mean uh okay you know okay so like like Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a career on okay um I mean um you know so uh I mean the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary so I mean well so so okay like well character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a configuration well well so uh you know I mean okay I mean which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended a okay okay I mean like you know uh uh okay few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he was okay you know um like like um like okay ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in the USA like uh so uh uh well I mean um to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District near you know uh like I mean so um um so Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 students like okay okay um okay uh I mean um RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun Mansion and Library, so like so so I mean um you know um was originally built as a four room house so um I mean well like okay so well about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall uh well you know um like like I mean well by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while the well you know well uh well okay well like town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before the Riley Center was completed, the uh well like you know um well like um city announced that it had bought the Threefoot Building from so you know like okay um okay well uh a private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the first okay I mean so okay I mean I mean okay um time due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a so I mean um um like so well like 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also scored the um I mean so you know um you know well I mean second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the um well okay you know um you know so um official religion as a way for people to seek their so so um um you know uh like I mean own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in so so um well I mean um well like a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two possible answers; okay uh you know like I mean well well you know guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, well um like um so you know so okay 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles you know uh um like you know um I mean uh Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information so like um uh like uh okay well technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, like you know uh uh well um okay like with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy um okay I mean you know like well okay um is exposed as a liar in the subsequent okay so well um so I mean um you know inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located you know well so like you know okay so um 20 km from the city centre I mean uh uh uh okay okay uh um of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly I mean um you know you know so well you know like & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the so you know well uh you know okay you know okay first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired so so you know like you know like okay uh to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April I mean I mean well like uh uh okay so 1985 ) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal um like okay you know okay okay like so of the Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw like so um well you know um um I mean at home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored like I mean okay okay well uh so uh the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh okay um okay so so uh okay well was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th uh I mean okay so um okay you know okay Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st you know uh like so like well I mean like Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a summer um so you know well like so um so league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and like okay um I mean okay you know um okay he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE uh I mean okay well uh I mean you know uh O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins I mean like so like okay um well um in single - candidate votes, although there is room for so so uh well so like you know you know symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly like like um so well I mean I mean like led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the Greater like you know I mean you know I mean uh I mean I mean Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City well okay so I mean like like um like of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became you know you know uh um okay uh uh like a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 um um you know well uh okay you know uh season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of Nations, uh like I mean uh you know um um okay but instead took the initiative to disarm the you know okay you know um like uh uh okay world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go okay I mean well you know like like I mean so where dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among well well like uh I mean okay well okay dismounts,' carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees and like so um okay like like uh uh their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton I mean you know like well um okay I mean you know Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set okay okay uh you know well so um you know out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving you know I mean you know so I mean um I mean uh musical styles, many of the later conceived artists in the 80's you know I mean I mean so you know okay okay like and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration outside um so um well you know you know so um Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back you know uh you know I mean like like well you know rent on the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but well well so okay um um well well the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to put uh okay so I mean well like so okay to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories, where like I mean uh you know uh so like like the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory like I mean you know like okay like okay well - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist film is a subgenre to a well uh uh um um I mean okay well Crime film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går well uh okay okay uh uh I mean well Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the 23rd okay you know I mean uh you know you know um uh Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, which describes you know you know you know like like like I mean like the interior with an accuracy no subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test you know okay I mean um like you know well like scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as uh so I mean like uh I mean so uh one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race okay well okay you know I mean I mean um uh held on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the uh uh okay well well well okay uh main antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though well you know like um okay uh I mean like in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in Season so so I mean I mean um okay uh well 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist okay um like like so like I mean um youth organization in the whole area of the Persian Gulf well um like well like uh you know um region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on uh so uh uh uh I mean like like the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in okay well um like um okay so you know South Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking okay you know uh um uh you know well you know became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, um well so well okay so okay okay handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal I mean you know you know um like you know okay okay Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend John I mean like I mean so well like you know you know Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's um well okay well uh like so like Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi well okay like I mean well okay um you know was 'one of the toughest men in the okay so okay I mean uh you know okay um world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 like well you know well um I mean um okay homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for I mean well uh you know like okay you know you know a reverse auction, as back loads and part loads uh so okay uh uh um um uh often require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off - road I mean well like you know okay you know like um vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened fire you know well you know uh uh uh um um on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 well uh okay well well like like you know people marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with the group you know like like you know um uh okay okay Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot Cop collaborator uh like so so so okay um well Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded an album so uh you know like I mean you know uh uh named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea um I mean um well well um so um stores are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape you know um okay you know well I mean like I mean Indians in 1683, the park covers an area of okay I mean you know uh well you know um you know (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience I mean you know like okay uh I mean you know like No. 2', the first single released on May 21st well okay like uh like like like um 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and uh okay well I mean uh um so so a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a visionary I mean like you know um so like like uh and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside like like okay um um well you know I mean the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his you know so I mean um you know you know I mean you know participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: uh I mean well I mean okay I mean well you know before Corll vacated the address on June 26, like well um so like okay so uh Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from the okay um um okay okay um like well Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and from 1990 to 1994, okay okay you know I mean well um um you know she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they so okay I mean so I mean I mean so um are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining I mean like so I mean you know like um okay water in the plant and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra okay like well I mean okay I mean okay I mean and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County uh okay uh well um you know like like Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, I mean uh okay uh I mean like well so is the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' series so you know I mean uh you know well like uh and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back to okay so I mean like I mean um like you know several earlier blues songs and it has been suggested that Robert uh okay okay you know well so I mean I mean Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery you know so you know well um uh uh I mean County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd outdoor I mean um um you know um okay okay well game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's name is a reference to the General Robert like well like well uh I mean I mean well E. Lee and it bears a Confederate you know okay you know like so I mean okay I mean flag on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the so you know well well like like so like events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in um I mean you know like I mean uh so like the 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 okay so you know I mean um you know so I mean made a return to International Handball with four appearances for so uh like so so well like so Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the well okay um I mean uh well uh I mean last name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a like uh well like okay like well so pub, a general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in like so well I mean well um you know I mean 1996 to Moore's former seat and still serves in I mean so well uh well like uh so the chamber, called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after well you know um so uh like um uh the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased like uh uh I mean well uh so I mean to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the so I mean like so okay like I mean uh population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with um um uh okay okay well so um their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet you know okay I mean you know well so well like officials that same day, who asked if he wanted you know uh um uh like um okay uh to return to the United States; he insisted to them um um well so okay so like you know that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released US set, uh um okay uh I mean like okay so This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve I mean uh um well like well well you know the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues well well you know I mean um uh uh okay scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as a solo um well um like you know uh um I mean performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology in well okay um so well so um uh Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing so I mean well you know like like okay uh with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards okay so um um I mean um like okay of the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her death, John Say married secondly as like like like you know I mean like so I mean her third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to uh I mean um um like you know um like the '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of like well well um uh like like okay excluding the pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under God' well um like uh uh you know like I mean portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season making well like okay I mean um like I mean okay a total of seven appearances in his first season as you know you know okay like uh uh okay well a professional, making his debut as a substitute for Orient so well um okay uh I mean uh well in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection of like you know well I mean you know I mean well uh about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', okay like so you know like so like um related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish well well uh I mean so so like um General Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median income for a household in the well well um uh um okay so you know city is $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul you know I mean I mean well you know you know uh well and David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the um uh I mean uh so I mean uh um brothers wanted a software that would let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal well well uh you know uh I mean you know uh light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of geothermal well you know well um you know so uh I mean heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller well I mean uh um like uh you know um (born September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was um okay you know uh like you know um I mean the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the well so um uh well I mean um I mean 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as well so so I mean so like I mean uh part of the AND / OR Gallery in um um so like I mean I mean you know you know Seattle, the center began with the help of I mean well I mean uh um you know you know well Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which okay I mean I mean well like like like so attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from well you know you know so uh okay you know well the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing 'Secondhand well well um well so um uh so Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, well okay so I mean so like like so Massachusetts, attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played like well uh okay um well uh okay three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of America as like you know like I mean uh I mean uh so a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three you know like like like well uh I mean I mean ships were forced to stop in Los Angeles for I mean like um well well uh well so repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade um well like so you know like you know so running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait I mean you know like so uh so uh like to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released um I mean okay um um okay so so the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd I mean so you know uh um like well well Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am um you know like well like well okay um quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the purchase so like uh uh um uh like okay of the money - losing, $ 300 million in so um you know um well I mean I mean okay sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; in 2001, uh like so so I mean you know like okay they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, okay you know okay you know um uh uh like who was sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire well like like you know okay you know uh uh Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers positioned machine um I mean like you know so like um well guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span well I mean well I mean like I mean um you know one kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck for uh you know okay I mean I mean uh like uh $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart with um you know so um so so uh uh Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now with a you know um I mean so like I mean okay like woman fifteen years younger than her with a baby I mean um uh I mean uh uh well you know on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), entered uh like I mean so you know I mean you know you know the employment of the king of Sweden as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is I mean uh you know like okay I mean well like an American film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic I mean so um well uh I mean you know um language song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab um okay uh you know like I mean so uh singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in the projected revenue okay like uh you know okay okay um like from charitable gambling sources, from the previous estimate I mean okay um you know you know I mean I mean I mean of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 so okay uh you know uh so uh you know million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November I mean well like uh I mean so um uh 1886) was the first African - American to graduate um so like uh like um so well from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the um you know I mean like I mean okay okay well first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body uh so like well you know like I mean um home and butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of like you know uh so like you know I mean um the family that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the well well okay well you know um uh well school did not have a large budget and coach uh okay you know well I mean I mean I mean you know Erk Russell ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he studied at like uh I mean okay well like well you know Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his uh uh I mean you know uh so uh well daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented okay you know uh well so well like I mean by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was not I mean so so okay you know like well uh short - listed for the top job but applied after he received well okay okay um I mean so well you know a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the uh so like I mean you know I mean you know you know Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was struck okay like like like okay I mean so I mean by Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian authorities in so um um like okay I mean so um Cali during March 2004, accused of having I mean like well like um like you know like shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, well okay you know like I mean so well like a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by I mean so well like um uh I mean I mean the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and like um so well you know okay so well data products for a 25 - year - plus so like uh like well I mean well I mean time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a you know okay like I mean okay uh okay I mean restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the so I mean so okay I mean well well um first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work for you know um well well okay so you know like a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in um like well so okay so you know okay the southern states and then Cash began to tour with Elvis well uh uh uh I mean you know so um Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively required like okay um so like I mean okay you know in order to work, which is why some people use okay uh um well well okay well okay the term common - interest association to describe groups which I mean like so so okay um okay well form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, uh uh like um okay like I mean okay 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist um like okay you know well you know like I mean studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November well I mean uh uh okay uh okay well 2010 which outlined many new developments, including the impact okay well uh well um like you know you know of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' I mean uh you know like I mean uh so well ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between so like you know you know I mean like so okay those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon uh I mean uh uh well like uh um Diamond' or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the okay you know like um um okay like well player has gained access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming like uh you know um uh like um I mean that the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition to his military service, due to the influence okay I mean okay so okay you know I mean so of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he well like um you know I mean like uh okay was a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British discovered Pau and its climate and left their you know well okay you know you know um um you know imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 okay you know okay so I mean uh you know well after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some 40 km to so uh you know well so uh okay so the NW) on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with okay um okay you know uh you know so like six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, you know well well uh well I mean um I mean and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role is defined in standard forms of contract like so uh like like okay like you know such as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of uh you know um uh I mean you know so um Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her so um so I mean you know so uh you know local homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March 1, 2007, he was released one year okay well well well well uh well uh after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the like like you know um so um okay so end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins can be traced back to the okay so well so okay so okay uh 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola so uh okay so uh well you know okay was divided into three administrative districts, given by the um I mean well so I mean okay okay I mean scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse so like you know okay I mean okay okay okay arrives to give the patient the last rites, but you know I mean uh uh um well you know so Bernhardi refuses him admission wishing to spare her the uh well uh uh okay so like okay anguish she would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers got okay well you know well I mean like uh I mean off to a strong start winning their first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while in the water, okay I mean okay um I mean so you know um bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established New England political interests feared the um you know okay well uh like I mean you know growth of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in I mean okay well I mean I mean okay well I mean Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College is also one of the largest providers of workforce training, so um um um you know you know well uh adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in a four - so um well well okay okay well I mean county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese War in I mean you know okay so like so well I mean 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in North China and soon I mean um uh okay uh uh like you know more than half the salt revenue was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics you know I mean I mean well like so uh uh in 1989 to win the World Series after losing you know like okay so I mean um you know so in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker in the I mean well uh you know um like well okay early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks of like okay you know um well I mean um so the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although well well um well like I mean like I mean the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all the you know well I mean um you know like I mean um power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential um um okay I mean so okay you know uh spirit of the plant being used: in all cases, so well so you know well okay I mean well they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the like uh uh you know I mean um well I mean protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action you know so okay well okay uh you know uh and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment so well you know I mean I mean uh I mean so outside of Westminster politics when he lost office in I mean you know so um okay so um well 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred I mean uh okay uh I mean uh so so to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka okay um I mean you know uh well uh um with 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the victim before the uh well you know okay uh like uh like punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, like you know okay okay um I mean so uh physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' um you know so I mean uh you know like well and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the U. S. State so well uh so so okay I mean so of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and uh um uh so so well you know you know painting, and the abstracts spun a variety um so well okay um I mean like um of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was well like I mean like I mean you know so I mean a lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland uh so well well you know well I mean well Motors between 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- well I mean so so um well um well or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when well well so so um you know so I mean he was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, so well okay like um okay you know well and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title track was also recorded in the okay I mean well like I mean okay okay okay sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was an uneasy calm built during the two years of so you know like like so like so I mean emergency but the discontent lead to a wave in uh like I mean um okay um you know well favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely you know so um um well I mean well like NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term that has fallen you know well like I mean so I mean uh okay out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights advocate, I mean okay so uh I mean you know like I mean scholar in the field of critical race theory, and like well so okay uh okay I mean like a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an I mean I mean you know well you know I mean um okay English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in like so I mean you know I mean um I mean um 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management had destroyed like um like well so um so so or atleast tried to hide the evidence before the police arrived you know well so I mean okay so so uh and they alleged that fellow students were asked to wash I mean you know well so like like you know uh spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) well so uh okay uh uh so I mean are a well known South African brand of rusks - a you know okay okay um uh like um um traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, you know uh okay you know I mean um okay I mean General Oliver O. Howard threatened to attack if the so okay you know I mean you know um um I mean Indians did not relocate to an Idaho reservation uh okay I mean okay um you know like well that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function of um so um okay well well I mean uh all the forces acting on the plate; however, therein remains the uh I mean um okay okay uh so like problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league uh uh okay so I mean I mean okay so footballer who played in the 1950s, playing at representative level for okay okay okay like uh well like well Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the like so well okay like I mean okay well 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to trap so like you know well uh um like uh and cut off the column of armoured cars in the well you know okay um so okay like so valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs uh I mean uh um like like um uh with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to I mean uh so I mean like okay um um cloak Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and well I mean I mean well okay uh I mean well inferior by the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of I mean you know you know okay so so um um the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men you know you know okay I mean so so okay uh in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll um okay well well well uh I mean I mean in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) I mean okay like like okay I mean um so was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King okay like uh well uh uh so like served as the first United States Representative from California's you know you know okay okay you know so uh I mean 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus okay so uh well like so well okay Station, a transport congestion started forming in the station, I mean I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean well and as a result bus stations started spreading towards the you know like so like I mean like um I mean surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates in lectures and other projects with the local university well you know so uh I mean um okay uh and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls you know well you know like so like okay well Arbanasi in 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which well well uh I mean I mean like so so ranks first in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House uh like uh you know you know um um um of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in British Chinese so you know uh okay you know I mean you know well community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly so I mean like um so okay I mean okay innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, I mean well like um you know like uh um and the second time he told him that he um well you know you know okay well so um had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground well like you know well um well okay uh on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja okay um well you know so um like I mean buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which um okay like well um so uh well is the longest bus rapid transit system in the so well well okay like um well you know world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a so like uh okay so well like you know deep interest in social justice and a gifted linguist from uh um um I mean um well okay uh an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and uh okay um like uh okay I mean I mean he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely localized like you know okay like well well so uh to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket and the so um so uh like I mean like like nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a coiled um okay you know well well well I mean I mean -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes um okay you know okay well so like okay County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba well okay uh well like so like uh principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from a okay okay I mean uh well uh you know um heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County was I mean well well like well uh so okay formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end uh okay okay well um I mean you know you know of 25 June and the 49th Division continued the uh I mean so so well okay well um attack southwards until 1 July, when the division saw off a okay uh um I mean um I mean like um strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only you know um I mean like uh I mean um okay child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching okay um uh uh so okay I mean uh his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining up like okay okay uh okay um well like and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running down you know okay I mean you know uh you know okay like Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists such so um well okay so like I mean um as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 book Chronology of you know uh uh okay um okay well so the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre I mean um so like um like so like Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Deland well well okay like okay I mean well like was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the queen, and his you know uh uh uh you know so you know you know oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious you know okay well well so well well um and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says the only wealth in this world is so I mean so well like uh um like children, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of okay like uh I mean uh um well okay Tollywood, he is one of the most popular and influential actors you know uh um so like well okay you know of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero so well so you know I mean you know well like Award for the prom as well as the Bob Speltzer Community Service like you know well you know so so okay well Award by the Q Center for his work on LGBT okay I mean uh you know um um like well issues and the Community Hero Award in Education from like well well like um I mean uh you know PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan so okay um you know well okay uh so into molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, I mean you know you know so uh um well well used pigeon Island as his base, he forged an agreement you know so like um I mean so well uh with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) like uh so you know uh okay so you know is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, like um like so you know like okay you know her daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani well like like okay um um so okay and Keli'i ) all four who help run the center um you know uh so I mean uh okay so. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy losses uh okay so well okay so well um due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually fell in um okay so uh like well well I mean Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into so I mean okay um well I mean so I mean the incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of well so like uh uh I mean you know uh the two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath like like okay you know like okay I mean okay Jake's porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, and Henry so you know so well I mean um um I mean was subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; but okay um um um like so so like after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, uh I mean uh like well um like I mean 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the okay you know so so um uh okay uh seventh season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving okay um like um well uh well uh Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps I mean uh so well like um so okay a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that um I mean like you know so um like like in itself does not prove that Bess was in I mean I mean um like so okay like um service at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' death okay like well I mean so you know you know like in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American I mean well so you know uh okay okay you know high school basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as you know like I mean well okay uh like okay one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will be given so I mean like so like you know okay like as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to um okay you know um um well uh um service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural like you know I mean uh uh so I mean you know Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive you know I mean uh okay so you know like um internal reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; almost I mean um you know um I mean uh like you know all the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February 1931 the branch you know uh like um um like I mean you know became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae um well like uh uh uh uh well festivals occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae uh so okay so um um uh uh artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was okay well like so I mean okay like uh dropped to the reserves, missing out on an appearance well um so I mean you know um well uh in the final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the king's uh well uh you know you know like um well brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did not I mean like well uh well uh you know okay ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many uh so so um like so so you know great scientists and researchers that Crowley worked with over the uh okay I mean well so like uh so years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a like well um um I mean okay like uh cat mask, which is the only part of her um okay uh um I mean okay so you know visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly efficient, okay okay well like so I mean um I mean generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in okay um okay well well uh okay uh love with each other again and after an argument, like okay um um I mean like so like Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy so um well um um like well well a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's well I mean so I mean like so like I mean actual size files that do not fill a whole uh I mean well well so you know like so sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was I mean um you know so okay okay so um a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein that the I mean well you know so like so well okay artisans say is chemically unique but okay you know okay um you know well I mean well at current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is I mean uh uh like you know I mean well I mean also an overall champion titled the All - Around I mean I mean like um well so um well Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the so um okay like well you know um um Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of so um uh well uh I mean you know uh the Austro - Hungarian Empire, in present day okay well um like like I mean so so Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield I mean like so so well uh um I mean warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J. Mallerich was so you know so so like uh um uh apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional like well well you know like so well like Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical well um um like okay I mean uh like Strait of Anián and the Island of California, which according to uh um like I mean uh um you know okay a previously published romance novel in Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane okay uh uh you know um uh I mean like on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the age of 100, he was one of the um I mean so you know so um like I mean oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser (born well um I mean so I mean well well okay 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician best so well well uh I mean like um okay known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based like so like um uh so um um in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good reviews uh okay well okay like like like like on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has earned distinctive uh okay like well well okay okay so spots on various site charts like mp3. Com, gained you know so okay uh you know you know okay uh a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian uh okay I mean um so I mean uh you know Maya society can be inferred only from their elaborate burial okay well uh uh well uh well you know sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became I mean uh like I mean I mean so you know uh its first honorary president and, upon his death, was I mean I mean you know uh uh like you know um succeeded by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an I mean I mean so um like so um like American rock musician from Detroit that is most popular for his I mean um well you know uh um um so work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis I mean I mean um I mean okay uh I mean well of the E class, supplied by Neilson and Company I mean like well you know you know okay well uh in 1904, and in the same year the Central South okay so um like like so uh I mean African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to I mean um like you know like like well okay see if Fanny's hat was there, but the door closed um um uh you know uh I mean um um behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is well so so so uh okay okay I mean a PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and you know so uh you know so I mean well I mean is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, I mean I mean um uh uh so like I mean while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April you know like like you know I mean you know um okay 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was a British well like uh okay like uh I mean uh general who is particularly associated with India and his recapture I mean I mean um um well well uh I mean of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for one so okay well okay uh so uh so week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the well I mean so um so I mean like okay whole tour in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, like well so well so uh okay uh though, with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and you know well so uh okay uh okay you know in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act well like so um uh okay well well was signed into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that well so like you know uh I mean I mean like was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward you know uh I mean uh well like okay you know with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted um well like you know okay um so so Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created I mean you know uh um like okay well um in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London I mean well I mean so uh you know well well and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally you know um okay okay okay like okay I mean by Status Quo, which was released as a single you know like like so um uh um so in 1972 (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco Bay I mean okay you know uh like you know uh well Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and so uh you know uh uh uh like well potato, Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, like um like so um I mean so um the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species selection is okay like well okay um um you know well S. J. Gould who has proposed the view that there okay well um uh like okay so uh exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond the level of so well um like well uh so I mean species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for so um um like um like uh uh two years Thrace was in the hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at the Silver well like like like so so I mean uh Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his wife had you know I mean well so okay I mean okay like agreed to an amicable separation and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of well so uh I mean uh so well uh the archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of the okay so I mean so you know you know uh so pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in like well you know you know okay um uh okay 'The Case of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder um so well uh so um I mean well of the decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first documented use of the term is within a song featuring I mean I mean well um I mean like okay so producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which a sample was okay okay so I mean uh you know you know uh taken from a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO uh you know so uh um so um so 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities and so I mean you know so uh okay well you know the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll threatened them as they came, one by like well well you know I mean uh I mean I mean one; the two older ran off, but the so I mean you know okay I mean I mean well I mean youngest set out, having asked for food, and when um okay okay um you know um like um the troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf okay okay so okay like uh I mean well (d. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' okay uh well uh you know uh like so and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a like so like so like um um um mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' okay uh well uh so well um like film series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon uh well um okay so um you know okay from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season um um well okay well okay so okay introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and so you know um um like um like you know his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 so well um you know well well I mean so the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to you know okay uh um well uh I mean uh the British public; only four years later, Britain and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in so um I mean so uh so I mean you know the process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having well uh I mean so like uh like uh already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark so okay okay um so well I mean so in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, like I mean so I mean um I mean well well he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a uh I mean um okay I mean um like you know private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award - like okay I mean you know um so I mean uh winning filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 professional okay well okay well so you know well you know productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located um um okay uh like well okay like north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, like so well you know um I mean like you know India Lunghar is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an I mean okay like uh like okay um so example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it was designed to be a summer retreat I mean okay like well so okay you know okay for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the um you know you know like I mean well okay okay lake; the villa was named after an elm like okay I mean um uh okay okay so planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy you know well so like okay you know okay so company founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese well like um okay I mean uh you know uh toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / DJ like uh um well well you know I mean I mean and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American I mean uh I mean you know uh I mean well um Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where well so like okay like like okay well the lead character is not am ambitious feminist but is okay I mean you know okay I mean uh uh um a woman based in the home but a sensitive woman um like well okay well like um okay who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions and art events were held in the space well okay you know um well so uh like but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld so so okay you know I mean uh uh uh attempted to pull him back to congratulate him after okay um so I mean so okay um like their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was a devout Anglican in the high okay like I mean so I mean um I mean okay church tradition and a benefactor to local churches, paying like I mean well I mean well I mean I mean um for the restoration of his local church and for you know okay well uh like like so I mean the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his father he had inherited a war against the well well like okay uh okay like like Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the east, well so okay like so so like you know and negotiations of peace had just begun with the like like you know I mean so you know well okay Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a well okay okay like well well so okay strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is the reason why Manx is no longer a okay well you know okay you know um you know so part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to a heart illness I mean okay okay well well I mean you know okay and can only be deciphered to be athlete's heart through okay like well um uh okay uh okay careful examination by a health care practioner um okay like so well uh I mean like which will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian states require that firearms must be locked in well okay like okay so well um um steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt uh um uh I mean you know like um okay if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' and parallels uh um so I mean so um uh uh a look at King David's life with his own focusing um like like uh you know so I mean okay and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman uh okay okay you know I mean okay uh okay LLP and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent and so I mean like I mean I mean you know um um Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a well um I mean you know you know um you know I mean full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government uh well uh uh um okay uh um in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director um um so I mean um like like um in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel is okay so I mean uh you know well like like a small shed, often built in the shape of a okay um um so uh I mean um like little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing so you know I mean um I mean um uh okay further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it is updated manually it does not reflect the current um so okay so you know uh well uh content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the uh uh you know uh um well um well 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 with uh you know um uh well I mean like you know 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located like like okay I mean you know so uh okay in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the I mean um well so well um um so island and as of 2004, the State of okay um okay um I mean I mean well I mean Florida was offering a site in the Island you know you know um I mean um you know okay well Gardens project on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the I mean um uh um okay uh like um national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The so well I mean well um um like okay 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star and you know okay you know like okay okay um uh later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in the I mean so so you know well you know okay um opening round but their domestic campaign ended with a so uh so I mean well I mean like uh 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out well you know you know okay you know like I mean okay on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only like uh okay you know well you know um uh food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which um uh uh okay I mean well okay uh includes the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is like um so okay okay like you know you know an attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not okay you know well so okay you know uh okay a crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and um uh um um um you know like I mean as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving to uh so well well so you know I mean like england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a Polish I mean um well like okay well uh well pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the first I mean I mean like uh I mean I mean so uh in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a major like um like like uh well well you know probe into utility companies funding opposition to the you know I mean um so uh I mean uh you know Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of um you know you know I mean you know uh I mean so Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the École Pratique um I mean I mean okay well okay well um des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior managers in okay you know like uh um okay uh well Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser uh okay you know um you know well I mean well Wilhelm II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact that um okay okay well like like uh okay Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show well okay okay like um like so like off her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in well okay well like like well so um the Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and as um I mean well okay well well like I mean an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti um you know I mean like uh uh so you know cars appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond so uh you know you know okay I mean you know I mean film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- so okay um like well okay okay uh 27 August 1929) was a career solider who commanded the like um I mean like you know I mean like uh First Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel uh well so well okay so um well series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which I mean okay well like you know uh okay I mean takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in uh so I mean um I mean uh I mean I mean Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, so like you know well I mean okay I mean um it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the okay um like so um I mean like well 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven I mean you know so I mean um okay you know um - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence like okay you know um so um um uh and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius okay uh uh uh so so um okay Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā well um so I mean okay well okay I mean ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the I mean well okay uh okay uh so I mean traditions of the Church of the East, one of the okay um uh like okay I mean um you know oldest Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest okay uh so I mean okay well okay um of the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved um so uh uh so um um so to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from well um okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the First okay well I mean um um okay like like Sino - Japanese War to made China discontinue I mean you know so well you know uh I mean so the influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the well uh uh I mean so you know you know well 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) in um well um well well so um um Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances so I mean uh so like you know so well and won five Tony Awards, and the musical has um you know I mean I mean like okay so you know been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation I mean uh so uh I mean so um you know in the state of Andhra Pradesh, it is so um um well like like you know you know located on the banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) okay well uh you know okay so um uh and after his release from prison he was from I mean so you know like so so uh okay 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first historical reference to the castle occurs in so well I mean I mean I mean well like I mean 1191, when King Richard I of England captured um you know um so you know so so uh it on his way to the Third Crusade by defeating like uh okay uh uh um so uh Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked so you know uh so okay so um um by the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as uh uh I mean like uh so uh okay 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of so okay well I mean you know I mean I mean well the organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations well uh um like like so uh uh and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, okay well like like like okay um I mean by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to okay well well I mean um uh I mean um cadmium was high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium became so well okay well I mean okay okay I mean apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced in well I mean I mean like like I mean okay so most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, I mean like you know I mean I mean uh like uh which required teams to locate a harbor in you know you know like so um I mean well you know Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is so you know so well like so well I mean the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( so so okay uh well um like well Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although there well you know okay um okay you know okay okay is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' you know okay uh I mean so okay well I mean were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a well you know okay like so like um I mean Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding uh I mean um um uh so like uh Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all you know well I mean you know okay okay um I mean newly credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the number of um I mean um uh you know you know um I mean boat houses marked on old maps, including two on like well um um so so I mean I mean the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one near so you know so you know like like well so Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional engine well you know I mean you know I mean okay so you know and propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; so um um well you know I mean I mean you know the rolled seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently um like um so like I mean well like unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes okay so okay you know well um I mean so used for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is so um um um um I mean well I mean to use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light well you know um like I mean well I mean okay bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as a okay you know like like well so so um free agent with the New York Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the you know well well like well I mean like like Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in 1891, I mean uh well um you know I mean well you know and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred okay uh like okay I mean well okay you know to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony as well, uh so um so so like uh um such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was some initial evidence that statin therapy well so uh okay well like you know I mean might reduce vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis including uh like okay I mean um um well so three further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for Venezuela uh well so uh okay so well like and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, so so um well um you know uh like Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana you know uh I mean well uh okay I mean you know (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- placed I mean um uh okay you know you know okay you know to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a large like you know uh I mean I mean um you know uh bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group you know like okay um um um I mean you know formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and I mean uh so okay well uh okay okay Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number of forts were built for the defence uh I mean you know I mean well well um well of the city just prior to the Second like you know uh like you know I mean so like Boer War, though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as well you know okay I mean like you know uh I mean Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in well so so I mean well uh uh okay the Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that Luke um so I mean you know um you know okay so is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it you know so like like so so well um simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C I mean um um like so like I mean I mean are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, um okay like um I mean uh um um but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives Arytom like so uh I mean um you know I mean um his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, uh you know I mean so okay you know well you know all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the okay okay uh you know okay um okay uh album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division I like um um well okay well okay well. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on like well um I mean well okay well okay July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship okay so I mean uh so like you know you know and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church I mean okay okay well I mean uh so you know he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers as you know so like so like like well um aliens, men with whom we share a city, but not a you know uh so I mean okay I mean you know so community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have been um well well uh well well uh you know sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in okay um um well um like um okay Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at okay well like like well so you know so least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, a I mean well like well like uh uh uh former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at um well uh um okay you know uh so the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on the like uh well you know like you know um well old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court to dispute okay like so well um uh well uh the theory and in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago in okay like you know I mean well well I mean like 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always uh like like you know I mean uh I mean you know wisely, considering that he had a young family well I mean um so like um well like to care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also uh uh like you know okay well so uh took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and you know well uh so like so you know so cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine of the okay you know well um uh uh like okay Real Presence, such as the Book of Common you know well uh okay um um so um Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the death uh I mean like okay I mean uh I mean okay sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After well okay um okay uh um so I mean discovering that the demons are herbivores and uh well I mean well you know you know so so eat half their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that is okay okay like I mean well um like okay performed in an operatic style, or a song, theme um okay you know um okay like um like or motif from classical music stylized as pop. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues well well um well okay so you know I mean and body cavities where they are present, which depending um okay uh okay I mean okay uh okay on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German colony uh so so uh um uh okay like of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging okay okay okay uh um I mean okay like application for businesses that was founded in May 2013 okay you know well well so um uh you know by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a uh well so you know like I mean um well British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open uh you know so um okay you know okay uh Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February okay okay like uh I mean I mean well okay 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months um well okay I mean okay um um so earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey um so so um so well you know um - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from well so okay like so well so well discrimination by association can also take a case even if they I mean like you know like like I mean like okay do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or like like I mean well you know like uh I mean prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is quick to anger at the perception of uh I mean okay well you know okay I mean I mean injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys you know uh you know so so you know so I mean the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks like uh okay you know you know okay okay I mean up with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that like okay I mean so okay I mean you know so she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the like so okay so so like well you know franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, okay so so um I mean like uh so had served two terms as president from 1869 to I mean uh uh you know you know I mean uh well 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well you know uh okay uh um like so okay - known station in the area from 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused you know uh like well I mean so uh I mean irreversible changes in two small areas of the rat you know uh uh like uh okay well you know brain, which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % like well uh okay well I mean I mean so bioavailability of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases bioavailability so so uh like um like so um to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which you know so so um you know well like so are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as one you know you know okay uh you know like uh um of the most famous carp lakes in the country, I mean I mean okay so uh I mean I mean well whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work has been shown in many Los Angeles so like like uh you know um uh um galleries and has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey okay uh I mean well I mean so you know you know and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), well you know okay um you know so like um also known as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint like like well um um um like so of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of so you know well I mean so uh so so murders, and three missing person reports in the state um like you know I mean like uh I mean um since 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg well okay um uh like well like uh to whom he was married for six years, and was well uh you know um uh like I mean um also married to Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based um so um so I mean so so like in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy okay okay uh um well so okay uh of Fallot (TOF), that will require him to um like like um well well okay well undergo at least three open heart surgeries in his you know so well so okay so okay so life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' I mean so uh well um you know um so and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 like you know so well uh I mean like well ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos wear well so well I mean like so okay um Smith's left - handed glove, this being the reason um um like um okay well uh uh behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections of I mean okay um well you know like so I mean Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was so um you know uh I mean I mean okay um the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly um I mean um you know um uh I mean I mean known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body so well well okay like you know I mean so Magic awards -- platinum is achieved when members are well like uh I mean okay okay um I mean routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is a you know okay like I mean so so uh I mean legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss I mean so uh so I mean you know you know you know entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, performance, like I mean you know well I mean okay okay like and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the so you know uh uh you know so I mean you know 'Class S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently in like uh uh like you know you know well um the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi well like you know like okay okay so like were: the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, um so so um okay okay uh you know 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also um um I mean I mean uh um uh like known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of you know I mean so uh okay I mean like you know 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former like you know you know um uh so uh uh CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German tank guns had neither the range uh like like I mean uh um uh well nor the power of the 76 mm main gun of you know um you know well okay you know like like a KV - 1, and the narrower track width of well you know okay uh uh um well you know the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than uh uh so well you know okay you know well chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic changes seen so well okay so I mean um uh well during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, like uh well you know uh so um uh 1856 -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian um um well well uh well you know uh field marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such uh you know um like well um so well as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation reason, those you know well uh uh I mean well like well with experience in the field make detailed well like so so okay I mean so well plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long I mean okay like I mean well like so you know Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early okay so well you know you know like so so October and peace between Poland and Sweden could be okay like you know um okay uh okay you know established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish like I mean I mean so I mean like I mean so king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, uh I mean like well okay I mean uh well he keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself well you know like uh okay uh uh um lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return so like well so I mean uh like you know for his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers well you know so well okay I mean um like Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph so like I mean uh you know um well you know. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in 1985 you know you know uh I mean you know well uh okay on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more okay you know okay uh uh um uh so recently there has been a push towards other types like um uh like well well well okay of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has you know uh you know I mean I mean so you know uh had 42 players drafted in the National Basketball Association okay okay like like uh well uh like (NBA) while the women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London like uh so like I mean well so so and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into like um well I mean well you know okay uh ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on um I mean I mean so so I mean like well her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should so so I mean you know okay um I mean like get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the 15th um um well uh okay um you know like (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down the so well so so so so you know I mean 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and so okay uh I mean like I mean you know uh Phil Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision okay like uh okay you know I mean uh okay entry, 'I'm Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - year - uh well I mean well I mean so you know well long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, but both um um like uh well uh well like times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With Your Girlfriend' well um um um okay uh I mean so which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a well um like uh like I mean okay like 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3 like I mean you know okay well well you know so. 84 ERA in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, I mean like so like uh you know okay okay a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same words into um uh okay I mean uh you know um well the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; so um uh so like I mean okay well if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a taped response um you know um so you know like okay I mean from the second person was aired, in which the okay I mean I mean okay well like you know okay person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; endurance so okay okay like okay you know uh so and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself I mean so you know like I mean like um like in the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord well I mean so so um okay well so. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled well like uh um so like okay like to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção okay so um uh uh I mean uh so or Youth for Change and Action) is aimed at uh so like um you know um so you know reducing HIV transmission among Mozambican youth, the project okay uh like uh I mean I mean uh uh promotes positive behavior change in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were well so like like I mean uh uh like relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos and you know okay you know well like you know uh well Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very so okay I mean so like well okay uh low skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, okay um uh uh so so you know um residents were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, like so so you know um so uh you know but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have I mean you know you know like well like I mean you know been with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he was young, he participated in tennis okay you know you know so I mean uh so okay tournaments in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the I mean well so um like like I mean well 12th century, there were opportunities for female education in the like you know well you know you know I mean so okay medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned you know uh you know so like okay you know like his practice; he was active in organizing the Republican uh I mean uh um like um you know I mean Party in the state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season break of so um well I mean like uh uh um 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined a property development business with a role as so like uh you know uh okay so so a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV um okay okay uh I mean okay so like then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then like I mean well you know I mean okay like you know moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications out, and no way to reach the um um you know okay I mean well um okay Moon without T - mat, those responsible for the well okay you know I mean okay uh uh well system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been I mean like uh okay so well okay um privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 you know uh I mean okay um like um uh to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, uh well um um I mean uh like you know composed of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, okay uh okay you know I mean you know so I mean organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is I mean well okay you know okay so so uh a part of Palm Beach County School District, and the uh so I mean I mean um well I mean you know other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) and okay okay uh you know so you know I mean I mean there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 F uh um I mean I mean well well so like. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing them to I mean okay you know well like so I mean okay continue running in Abe's direction and they will only calm well I mean uh I mean okay uh um uh down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then reveals himself to be the last of like uh like you know well so uh well the race of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor uh uh uh uh okay you know so so and 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 - uh um well you know so you know like so litre injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - litre so like you know like you know you know so um diesel followed from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes cited so so well so okay okay you know like as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', is the okay um you know I mean well like I mean well first single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in uh uh okay okay well like okay well a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: um okay I mean you know well I mean okay okay a distance of from where she had been abducted, and well okay uh uh okay well like well just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship so um so um well I mean um I mean club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, well okay like like okay so like like and the March of Dimes provides grants of uh so well well uh I mean so uh $ 1, 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is I mean so okay um uh okay I mean like under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted you know well well you know uh you know okay okay of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found you know um I mean so okay okay so uh in the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, uh well so um so I mean well um a science and technology college, has now closed and is due like um um well okay you know okay like to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are you know so well like uh okay I mean well ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most so so you know so you know so okay okay of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 1899) I mean I mean uh you know uh you know well well was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who I mean you know I mean okay um well um um left him $ 5 million, and the eldest son I mean okay so so you know I mean uh well of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial uh well you know like so so uh okay muscular movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved close to um so I mean okay uh like um uh the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and I mean I mean you know um well okay okay so had advanced on time, then bunched up with the leading uh like I mean okay so um you know I mean divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the um so like you know uh well you know like 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were demolished, well so uh like I mean so so so residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to uh so well uh I mean okay well well renew public interest in the band; given that they're uh well like I mean I mean uh like okay pulling out all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central so uh like okay so uh like uh tower and a team led by Zelenka works to repair the you know well um so well I mean like like hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before the city's power uh so okay I mean you know so um uh levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, like okay okay um you know so uh so or finance a property, with the buyer / investor like well I mean you know so well okay like using as little of his own money as possible, uh well you know uh I mean well um well otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South Carolina are you know um like you know like so well well as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's well like so like I mean uh okay I mean last season for the Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir so well you know well you know I mean um I mean Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October you know you know well you know okay I mean I mean um 2016, where he stands accused of being a I mean uh well okay well okay um so member of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 uh you know you know uh like um well like million tons, it is located in two main sites, um well uh I mean I mean well so well in northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos I mean you know so okay like I mean um um - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which okay uh I mean you know okay um well so offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons okay you know you know well you know okay so like into combat, although the most popular choice is well you know uh so uh uh okay uh a storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, um like so you know so uh you know okay dropped out of Frank Lucas High School over his inability okay I mean you know you know like you know uh well to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is well I mean uh okay well well like well an English football manager who was also a player, notably you know okay um well you know so so I mean at Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - REE so well well uh uh like well okay - yah) is located in the central Matale District okay okay well you know you know uh well so of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are found mainly in the northern Indian states of well so well uh I mean I mean so um Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the you know you know you know uh so so okay like narrow Labour majority was eliminated due to by - so well okay well like you know like I mean election defeats and in order to remain in power, Labour like um okay well um I mean like you know formed the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director um you know you know so I mean well okay well of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release of the petition, he was able to so well um okay I mean uh I mean so escape from Iran to the United States, uh um well you know okay uh you know okay where he currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat and the position were eventually filled on August uh you know um um you know okay I mean so 19, 2013 after the House began its second ordinary session: so um um like like um um like so - and - so replaced Ferrer for representative at uh uh you know um well like um I mean - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, I mean well um you know okay I mean like uh Dennis Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter okay well I mean so um okay well um Weibel developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at you know I mean well um I mean um like um The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre language, well okay so well you know like um okay which is spoken in the lowland regions of you know well so you know uh you know like so Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father did well for himself and later like like um like well you know uh uh sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad uh um you know I mean okay well uh uh to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated well I mean um um you know uh I mean you know from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val well you know so uh so well I mean uh d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who so I mean well like I mean um well you know plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia and I mean I mean like I mean uh okay well you know New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not contain any you know uh like uh so uh okay um information about the person to whom it is assigned okay you know like um okay um um you know i. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran alongside okay I mean okay uh okay like okay um regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family derived its name from the settlement well like I mean you know uh like so I mean Eszterháza near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the well uh uh I mean you know you know well uh settlement does not exist anymore and is not okay um well uh I mean well uh okay to be confused with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts uh well uh you know okay you know uh okay about the operation and agrees with Ty to get the well um um um you know um uh um fuse Mike removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses a wide um uh well okay like okay okay I mean range of secular Jewish music, classical works on Jewish themes well well I mean you know well I mean um uh and songs of many countries but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her well so um uh like so well well 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side uh okay you know well you know like um well (much to the worry of Leo) and relish in their well um I mean so you know so um so new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and demonic you know um uh you know um okay like um priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed I mean I mean uh I mean okay so I mean well a truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a well you know okay uh okay I mean so okay Doctor of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) okay I mean okay uh well um uh um around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart I mean I mean okay like so um uh I mean Mullins, a one - night stand; she is brought I mean so so so so like um so up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was a former federal electoral like okay um like like like so you know district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' well like uh okay okay okay I mean um as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African Campaign well you know so like so you know well you know and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking control okay okay I mean um okay I mean like I mean of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film starts in a room full of bomb making material I mean I mean well you know I mean well you know so and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, um uh um I mean okay well okay you know the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, um uh well uh okay like like um the third son of John Horne, a poulterer uh well you know I mean okay uh so um in Newport Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for you know well well I mean okay like okay like three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area you know I mean like um well you know like I mean projects for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile like um well you know so well well okay - blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro um you know um you know well so like so Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro um well uh like well um uh I mean Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums of so okay like okay like okay I mean I mean original material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began on widening the highway in April so you know like okay like well I mean well 2008, and in March 2009, two lanes so you know you know well so I mean so well of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's you know well so um well I mean um you know Gate, is the first town one reaches on the like uh okay so okay like so well Caribbean island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University then made 319 all out in their so um uh well okay well so um second - innings, setting the Minor Counties a well like well like um so uh well target of 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to make um um I mean um you know okay um um 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that you know um well you know uh so like okay an actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on um okay so like I mean well um well the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who like like so uh um I mean you know okay left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they I mean you know I mean so like like so okay believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution had not you know you know like um I mean um uh you know proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in British I mean so you know you know like okay um I mean India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from okay okay uh okay uh like you know okay December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog okay I mean like like you know like you know um ranges from 30 to 40 days and the litter size can like I mean okay you know okay uh well okay vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and like uh well I mean um um so um the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated um so um you know so I mean okay like guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was also the second single from that album, well uh um um okay okay well well released in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with a okay uh so um you know uh okay uh completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an okay okay okay well um um uh I mean abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the okay well I mean um okay I mean um so two works are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben like uh I mean okay so like uh like Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), you know you know I mean uh well so you know so County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the well like like okay okay okay I mean I mean grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE MPs you know okay um okay okay uh so you know had defected to other parties due to okay uh uh you know I mean you know uh like internal conflict, including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Alain so uh um so okay well like well Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the band uh well um okay well you know you know uh has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been preparing well like um like well um so uh defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is um okay uh well well you know uh so a statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, like well um I mean uh so uh so donated by Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas um okay okay well well you know uh well Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical aspects of um you know uh um um you know you know I mean Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and economic factors contributing to uh so so uh okay like like so health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking a so I mean okay I mean well I mean I mean like foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is I mean uh well like well I mean okay uh jumping into action through a window, showing a woman is uh I mean well so like so you know I mean floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant was um so I mean well I mean you know you know you know the only known surviving XMC cruiser though a large number like like okay well so uh um uh of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against uh uh um okay well well um so Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among like um so like well uh so so the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the uh you know um you know I mean like so well Martian allows Freddy to infiltrate that house okay well I mean um you know I mean like I mean in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such you know I mean uh so like like I mean so as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer who okay um so uh like um well okay played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at you know you know well uh like you know um okay representative level for England, and at club level I mean I mean you know uh I mean um okay you know for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina okay I mean you know okay I mean well okay like that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a revolutionary tries to drum up support like okay I mean you know uh like uh well for the army approaching despite rain in the north, the uh you know you know uh I mean uh well well family longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total you know so you know you know I mean um so so of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will be okay like um uh I mean uh well you know released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences might you know well you know okay I mean I mean you know um not change as her sentence does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the Blight assumes uh uh okay you know um well okay so that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the I mean um you know uh so you know I mean uh forms -- when indeed we do have it -- okay uh so okay uh well uh like is of a higher order than knowledge of the mere okay uh so like I mean I mean you know like physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the I mean well I mean okay like well you know I mean Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi Kato, the um well you know you know you know like um I mean man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the end of three years of construction okay um so like okay well you know so the new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor you know well like like um like like you know district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B so um uh uh you know like okay I mean. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after achieving like uh I mean like I mean okay you know so the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education like like like okay okay well um like at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up like you know you know uh okay you know uh well a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai narain roy well - known as um um okay you know uh um like I mean dr. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here uh uh I mean like uh so um you know carring out researches in ancient history. His historical you know so so okay so like I mean so work on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) I mean well like like uh you know like I mean and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as like um uh um so you know I mean well property presentation or property styling, the techniques have been uh well like well like well like uh televised by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former um well uh um um well uh well college campus are on the National Register of I mean you know I mean like um well uh uh Historic Places and are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( Jim so uh uh I mean you know um okay um Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), builders well I mean well well um um um you know of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis I mean I mean well okay okay um um like 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, um okay so so so you know um I mean Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, you know so uh okay okay I mean so uh was the second - highest - selling album of that year, uh like so well uh I mean well you know and their biggest chart hit since 'For Those so um like I mean so like like like About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth so well so so uh well well you know Route Army active in Shanxi and was named the like like I mean well um you know um like vice-commander of the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents I mean like you know I mean you know like so like working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive so so uh like okay okay uh well wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, I mean I mean you know uh you know um uh um allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, I mean like okay you know you know like I mean um located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, like so um like uh you know okay like and is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher uh I mean you know I mean like okay like like in NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at well um well um like uh I mean uh the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before um uh well uh uh uh so I mean relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her so um um well okay okay I mean well career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta um I mean you know I mean um I mean I mean like was appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King uh so I mean I mean um um like well Juan Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this okay okay I mean I mean uh well so well game, and with the scores 1 - 0 he um like well uh so I mean uh well wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled I mean um you know so um so so okay in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure will well you know okay well okay well like I mean be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until the uh like like you know um like I mean you know last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long landing field so so I mean okay like I mean okay like and an apron with a capacity of seven aircraft, and, although so okay you know you know you know um you know uh the runway is long enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the well like like so like so okay well 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where you know like I mean okay I mean so okay like he develops a crush on Garnet before he was um well like um uh like so so turned down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where well okay I mean uh I mean so okay like he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living in America, they were contacted by Ner uh you know uh so okay I mean I mean you know Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and so well uh you know well okay you know uh his family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the okay well well um so well um so operating system for malloc and other software with its own versions uh uh I mean like you know I mean um I mean which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian okay like I mean you know I mean like like you know and Canadian computer scientist, a professor of computer science at like I mean uh I mean I mean um uh so the University of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of you know okay well well so I mean so uh Argentine football in 2000, he played for four different clubs okay uh okay so you know uh well okay in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of equivalences um you know well uh you know so uh so that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at two uh um like well okay uh uh uh ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA like like okay like okay uh uh like rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to be you know like okay so uh uh okay so closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed you know okay well like I mean um okay so with a serious fault with a heart valve, which cost well like like uh um um you know you know him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and um so I mean you know well um well um there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog I mean I mean uh um well you know so you know - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 so uh um so well okay so uh locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, uh you know you know um um like like so and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable like okay so so um like I mean well of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and hydrated okay okay I mean well you know um so so lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' um uh like um you know you know uh you know was made, but the only member of the band um uh okay um like you know I mean um featured was Amos since by then, unable to withstand so you know uh you know okay like okay like pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released the photo book Dream & Drive made with their like okay um you know well well like like long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who has also um okay well well um like so um directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff like like um okay okay um you know I mean Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the final was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer uh uh uh so um um so so Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the you know um you know um um so like well captives, which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during which like well you know like you know well so you know Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol so I mean uh um um so um um previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the I mean well I mean you know uh okay uh okay Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, leaders okay uh well well well so well you know and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) so like you know you know I mean I mean I mean like (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier um okay I mean like like so well well government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful you know um um so uh um like uh LMP students to earn an M. B. , B okay okay well um well well you know you know. S. Degree. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular within the squad I mean uh like like I mean um so um and soon receive a call - up to um I mean okay okay like um so I mean the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in July you know you know okay you know okay you know um uh 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 okay um so I mean so so you know so In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see I mean okay like uh you know so like I mean Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved well so I mean well um you know so I mean on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching career I mean you know well uh uh I mean I mean um as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and you know uh um uh so uh like well came to live in the New World where they uh uh so um um you know um uh intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show well well so like uh okay uh like at Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's so like uh like like I mean uh uh Dirty Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of horizontal I mean okay uh uh um so uh uh layers, but the strata has been tilted associated with the okay I mean so I mean okay okay I mean like formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has created like you know you know so well I mean you know I mean the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not well well so okay uh you know uh well only goes to the fair, but later on well okay okay uh you know so you know um that night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was like well well uh you know so I mean okay first settled when the train station was settled uh like uh I mean okay well uh you know around and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, well um uh like well I mean like okay in Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in well I mean um well I mean like um uh Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It uh um so you know uh uh I mean okay is a good day to die ') is illustrated with uh okay uh like you know I mean um uh a story explaining that' This is an extremely common like okay I mean like you know like okay you know Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used you know well uh like like I mean uh uh to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from the um like so you know you know okay so you know University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which I mean so um I mean I mean you know uh I mean David was born and holds a deed is now home to well like so like so like you know so a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African um I mean okay I mean so okay um you know - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to you know okay um uh okay you know I mean uh decide a course of action, where Marge proposes I mean like so you know like I mean you know like that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various uh um you know um like so so like donors, including USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the like you know well I mean um uh uh I mean European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's out okay you know uh uh um I mean like you know to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers like uh you know you know you know I mean I mean so a nervous breakdown at the car wash in um okay I mean um okay so um like front of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl uh okay um so um like you know uh of Ulster (born 24 October 1974 in London), is the only you know okay okay like well you know you know okay son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated I mean I mean okay uh um well like like pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the uh um uh uh like like you know okay Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, you know okay you know okay uh okay uh well Inc. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 you know so okay um like okay well um real estate offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, um like okay okay uh I mean um uh which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the okay like uh like so okay like okay spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends in like okay like I mean well uh you know uh later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at um well uh so okay uh like you know an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, which um you know uh uh you know well you know you know highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in well well uh uh uh uh like um 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a I mean you know uh okay uh I mean you know you know causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy I mean um uh uh okay like okay uh of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard and uh like well okay well well um I mean bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who were okay like uh um well um you know okay primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a you know um like well uh like okay uh newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this holiday film uh um um so okay like I mean okay with 'White Christmas' as part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian uh okay um so um okay I mean well electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from American you know you know okay okay uh okay well I mean University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she received uh you know um uh uh well um you know her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new Computer Science building at the University of Oslo uh I mean you know like like okay okay um is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of Bourbon okay uh I mean well well um so I mean from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France for I mean okay I mean uh so you know I mean like Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of okay like like uh uh uh okay you know director David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 uh I mean uh so well um so um thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had been in the uh I mean well uh okay okay um um factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan I mean like so so I mean you know I mean um de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline I mean I mean uh okay uh so I mean well on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect Thomas like okay um like like uh you know uh Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and so you know well okay uh so so okay then Canada where he would go on to like um well like I mean okay okay okay design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea came after Pasha and his team at his um okay okay uh um I mean you know I mean performance media company Socialist were being approached uh I mean okay uh well I mean um you know by small business community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand with well you know okay um I mean uh so um ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic milkshake machines um you know okay I mean um uh uh you know which freeze and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American football so okay like okay um well I mean uh coach and former player who is the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the you know like you know well like like well like A10 in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 well uh I mean okay well you know like uh July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is okay well okay I mean um I mean like um a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently I mean I mean I mean okay I mean like okay you know plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the city of I mean um well so okay well you know well Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, including well um so so I mean uh I mean well Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently a deputy um like well okay um I mean okay okay in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field uh so uh I mean um um uh you know test agency of the Air Force Special Operations Command located okay I mean okay I mean well uh uh uh at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in uh well well like um okay so you know Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery has one um you know um like so you know okay well wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer like um uh you know okay okay well you know / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all the hardship the community was suffering, like so like so like like well okay Idora Park had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied anthropology well like okay well uh okay um I mean at the University of Iowa where he attended on uh like uh so so um well you know an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album was certified gold by the you know um like so I mean okay okay like British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and like I mean well well um um so um had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, like so so okay well you know so you know two aligned along an east - westerly axis and the other so I mean so okay so you know uh um two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on national you know uh so you know um uh okay uh coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic relationship you know like okay okay so so I mean you know in the past, but he did want to marry uh well I mean well well well um like her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and so uh okay um okay um okay so used as a substitute for Composition B in um you know I mean so so well uh well large general purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North American English it was formerly called you know well uh okay um I mean uh I mean Oldsquaw, though this name has fallen out of favour, and some like well you know um okay so okay well biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a so okay okay like uh okay I mean okay gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south I mean I mean you know well okay like well well of Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang okay um well okay well you know well you know Phu were unable to return to Base Four before dark and well like okay I mean you know well so I mean were forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest you know um uh I mean so well I mean you know for troops among loyal lords, and managed to get 500, um I mean I mean you know like well I mean you know but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the well okay you know so okay uh like uh Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the I mean like I mean uh um I mean I mean well adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam like uh so you know uh um okay you know majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but I mean um so I mean you know okay I mean uh after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright I mean so uh I mean um you know okay okay State of OHIO out of high school, she achieved a like okay okay I mean you know you know okay like scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by you know like like like like so you know okay Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single well okay um I mean so um so um released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack and speed stats are good, and its um like I mean well so like like um special defense is above - average, making this a like you know you know uh uh you know well like good Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily uh I mean um uh uh well uh so overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his you know uh you know um uh I mean uh you know faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial so you know okay okay well I mean I mean okay presidential nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing so I mean so okay um okay like um that he was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another you know um um you know uh okay like like paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't okay okay well so like well um so Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; you know I mean well okay okay so so okay but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which well like uh so so okay okay you know was judged a split draw with scores of 10 you know you know like I mean uh well okay like - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he like well so okay like um you know like and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author okay you know so you know well you know I mean uh Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled um okay like um well um okay I mean in a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package like okay I mean like so so like you know where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds like so uh I mean like well I mean like of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th well so okay you know uh uh like um century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between like okay you know so you know I mean so okay Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as uh okay okay okay well you know uh like the section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and like so um you know like you know well um Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, I mean like so um um okay um well Illinois, performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during I mean I mean like uh okay uh like like which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before the okay I mean uh you know um so I mean like 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to well I mean um you know okay well uh I mean modify the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages so like like so so you know so you know for the 2006 festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 census and was so okay um um um I mean I mean I mean drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and well I mean like okay um I mean so like registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril J um uh uh uh um so like well. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with so you know like uh so you know you know okay Doniphon and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics well uh like so uh okay I mean you know start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is I mean I mean um okay well okay um like a 2012 American horror film written and directed so uh like um like you know like um by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, okay so like um I mean okay I mean okay and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was you know uh so I mean well I mean you know I mean viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned well so um like I mean like I mean I mean as officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage uh okay um okay so like uh so had elevators with a cut - out for rudder you know uh you know uh I mean uh well okay movement and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of um uh um like like okay like okay mainwheels on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor I mean uh so okay you know uh well okay Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a species like I mean like I mean like okay um you know of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common uh you know so okay I mean I mean uh well over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the you know so like I mean uh I mean um um factory was turned over to produce munitions and well well uh um so well you know uh after hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath and okay uh like like you know so uh so kept a very low profile and, after many years, he well so okay uh so well uh well joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got um well like uh so okay I mean um very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption of so you know you know I mean so uh you know okay the traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking well so um you know I mean so um like they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) um well I mean well I mean um well you know is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter Chapter okay so okay you know okay uh I mean okay 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, like I mean I mean you know like okay uh um 1970) was the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became an architect and builder of places of um um like I mean you know um you know you know public amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount um I mean I mean well okay so well okay of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta um okay you know I mean like so um like Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team you know you know uh like um okay okay so are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence like so well so like well um well campaign, which includes three weeks of drive - you know so so you know well I mean I mean well time interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - okay um so so um okay okay uh scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that Phil did uh okay like okay um uh so okay not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and Jay believes you know okay um you know okay so well you know he will also be implicated, which he is, as a like I mean I mean um so like so okay result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were you know you know so like okay okay I mean I mean recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the like uh I mean like uh like okay I mean Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare you know so um well uh okay you know you know species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with uh you know you know well like so like um bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, so well I mean um um uh you know okay Sundarban Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the uh um like okay okay um I mean well park at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government uh I mean um like so you know like you know or going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence uh you know like uh you know so uh you know on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by I mean okay okay okay I mean uh well you know this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in New well well you know well uh okay um well York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw uh you know um well um like um so as too theoretical and he was generally on bad terms like okay well well uh um okay I mean with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately I mean I mean like like okay I mean so okay half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) like well okay um well so um like became flustered when the aircraft sank faster than you know well uh you know so well uh like anticipated; the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they okay you know like okay you know so okay like do not take account of factors such as soil like like well so um so okay um structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved ready um you know so you know uh so well you know to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams like um uh uh well uh like um okay Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth okay uh um well I mean um like okay European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a okay you know um like like I mean well uh Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have um I mean like uh you know well you know like as much as one - third of the floor uh um you know I mean I mean well I mean okay space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as uh okay I mean so um like I mean you know an avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his um like well uh um uh like um coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball like you know uh like um you know so like player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and new like uh you know like uh well so so Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction like I mean I mean like okay you know you know like on the type while serving as the co-pilot during um so I mean um well I mean like um operational tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, but okay you know you know I mean well like um well a grander destination was planned for the deceased so uh um um okay like like um chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in well okay like like um so you know I mean his second season at Everton where he was regularly okay um like um I mean so well okay used as back up for new signing James Beattie in well I mean I mean okay uh you know okay so January 2006, it was announced that Bent had signed for you know you know okay like I mean um I mean like Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in the uh so um you know okay okay well you know maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role okay you know um well well um so okay in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, you know um like so so like well so including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, Illinois, well um uh I mean okay like I mean like Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Country like um okay I mean okay so like um Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the inter-county uh so um you know um you know okay so scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked I mean uh um I mean um like well so up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to instantly you know like like well well okay uh uh jump to that location; however, the mini-map well um you know um uh uh you know so does not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared so so um okay I mean uh okay so with the 1973 versions due to the newly like uh you know uh okay well okay well required 5 - mph absorbing front and okay uh you know well okay I mean I mean uh rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve realism' okay you know uh um I mean well okay uh seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that a majority of the okay so uh okay uh uh okay uh population, who arguably subscribe to naïve common sense notions um you know okay um I mean uh like okay of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in uh you know uh so um uh um like with the best hand against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was the first son of John II and Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian okay well so okay okay uh like okay Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used like so I mean so okay like so well by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came to so so you know well so I mean so you know be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / I mean you know well like okay um okay uh IPSec and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, you know well you know I mean well um okay okay IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, the' you know okay uh uh well well so so Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - well like you know so so uh so so Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that well I mean I mean okay so I mean uh I mean Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her uh I mean okay I mean so uh so um to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS so uh okay so so like so so the single was named the most played song on Christian uh I mean like you know so I mean I mean I mean radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) uh I mean you know I mean you know you know so so graduated from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and uh so so so like well you know uh is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's well you know um okay so so um I mean 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an extra one, I mean so I mean you know I mean I mean okay like then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, that like well you know okay uh so so I mean Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached well um uh so so well okay okay number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign but later um okay uh uh okay you know okay I mean gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- okay you know um you know okay like okay so an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints okay I mean uh um well like I mean I mean compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the like um like so like like like um first to adopt the council - manager form of government shortly like I mean so you know okay like I mean okay after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the okay you know like okay uh well like okay Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey uh okay um so you know uh um I mean League (CHL), and was recognized for his on and off okay okay I mean okay um okay so okay - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer standard and you know okay okay I mean I mean well uh okay like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses the you know um like okay I mean I mean I mean so DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 okay I mean well um okay so uh I mean physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median income for a household in the city okay okay um like so uh I mean well is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based um like um um so okay um so on cooperation on many issues in international forums, a you know so uh okay well uh you know you know strong commitment to global security, and people - you know uh okay you know so well um well to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple like I mean okay uh um uh uh I mean in the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre so um like like you know well you know so run by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth okay uh uh um okay um like like Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and okay so um well um okay I mean I mean was secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from so uh so um well well okay okay 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by uh um okay okay like well you know like splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was like you know so like okay so I mean uh reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets uh well well okay well okay like um under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan so okay you know um well okay well so for the original arc was about Jane Doe's inner okay um uh uh I mean well um well life, struggling to get out of the situation she well okay okay uh you know like so like is trapped in, noting that the main characteristics of uh well um you know like I mean um so the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the uh well okay uh uh like okay you know Turks during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, um okay um I mean like uh you know so when it was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, okay uh you know so okay um you know like and it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - so I mean you know so you know well you know okay TV starting in 1957, which later moved its city of license um well uh so um uh uh well and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April he stretch out to a mile well um well you know um well okay um and one eighth and finished second again, this time to um so okay um I mean um like well Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel you know well okay you know like I mean I mean okay of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the uh you know well well okay I mean I mean you know 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the like so uh you know well you know I mean like Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot travelled um like uh you know like so um um along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center in uh well uh I mean um you know so I mean Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea Shepherd Conservation so I mean uh um I mean like so like Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a well like like uh uh okay uh you know fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active okay um okay okay well um you know well between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most Joints rolled um uh well uh well so well like in one minute is actually a 15 year old okay so so like like uh okay I mean boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of the okay uh you know um so okay so you know skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, like so well so you know well I mean so though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers you know I mean um um I mean okay well you know of the World miners' strike which led to over well okay like you know like you know I mean like 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes uh uh like like like uh so so and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they are saying goodnight on her porch, uh so I mean okay so like like so he gets the courage to ask if he like okay you know well um uh I mean so can see her again and it is revealed okay like like uh I mean well um I mean that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed uh okay like like like you know okay uh Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air like you know like you know so so I mean I mean pollution until she left the school in uh like uh you know like you know like I mean 1977, becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as several um like uh uh so okay like I mean high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on um okay like like okay well well well the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which well um I mean you know okay uh well um starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in um you know like I mean well like so you know The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog well like um like well um like uh Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich I mean uh I mean I mean I mean I mean uh like offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they well um I mean um so I mean you know I mean sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great War, uh so I mean um okay I mean um uh August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's um like um I mean okay um like okay favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record of their physical nature has survived except I mean you know you know um well so um well in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for you know I mean well you know you know uh well I mean the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert Storm I mean well so so so so you know well and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for Natives um okay like like I mean okay you know okay under the terms of the Crown - in - right you know okay okay like like so well so - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping rights I mean um okay so well um uh so are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to I mean okay so like um you know um um an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can uh um uh I mean like you know I mean um control all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan you know well okay um you know you know uh uh Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in so uh well I mean uh so so okay relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or okay uh uh you know like I mean well um Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport serving Bangalore, so uh okay um okay well well you know Karnataka, India, however it is now a defunct airport, like I mean um I mean so well you know you know which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture I mean I mean you know I mean you know okay so like of the Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English well um um um uh I mean I mean I mean churches are of Anglo - Saxon origin, although in you know like okay okay like uh you know well some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as a so you know I mean um okay um like okay Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain on her I mean okay like you know well well I mean so relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, it is shown that he was part of Operation Cerberus well I mean I mean okay okay you know like so with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth so okay okay like uh okay uh well Preston and is based in the village of Pinkney okay so you know uh so so like so near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast in um I mean okay I mean um okay like you know 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in um well I mean so well you know um well January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by okay so like I mean well well well so A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer - so I mean uh well uh okay you know well shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are down well you know I mean uh I mean like so okay - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets I mean I mean well um um like I mean well out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in so uh I mean I mean I mean um like um 1887, and while some believed he used it to um uh so um you know you know you know um pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction okay uh well like okay I mean uh like set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist you know you know um well you know so well well from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is like well um so I mean um uh like best known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area I mean you know like I mean uh okay like okay across the international border in the United States, um you know um like well well okay uh and therefore is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media uh like well uh well well well so in 1986 when he created a new society to invite you know um like like well okay like I mean the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International uh like you know like you know I mean you know like Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right uh uh um I mean um so okay so side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and early 20th okay so you know so um well like so centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and electoral well uh um so I mean well I mean um rules to disfranchise blacks and, having regained political power, enacted a well uh uh you know you know um okay like series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - like well like well well like um well Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to uh okay uh I mean you know uh you know you know community development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, build okay so okay um like like so like infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and assess uh so I mean so um um okay okay sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, um you know you know well you know like like uh although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred you know like well uh uh well you know um to Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft I mean uh you know well you know uh you know I mean and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting you know I mean uh uh uh well you know well place for young artists but by the end like okay uh I mean um like um you know of the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and okay well okay um so okay like so in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the well I mean you know okay I mean like uh you know westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and um okay so okay well I mean like um Histon an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in 1947, well okay well well I mean I mean you know okay but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with like you know um okay you know I mean uh you know his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, however, Tiatto well so okay well um like okay so performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy um okay you know I mean okay uh um I mean to a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' well okay okay I mean uh um um like and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is an Act of um like I mean you know well you know you know okay the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to reduce um uh okay okay so so you know you know the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was released okay you know like so um like like okay in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as she like like like I mean uh uh like I mean learns to cope with a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite I mean uh you know uh well like you know you know cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- an important like okay I mean okay okay um like I mean distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) may trigger allergic you know so well I mean uh um uh so reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by like um uh I mean you know so you know I mean him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury and so um well uh you know okay well well in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in order well okay I mean uh okay okay okay well to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent like I mean like you know well uh you know I mean trainsets which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, uh well I mean okay well you know okay I mean will double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in uh uh I mean uh uh well okay I mean Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 and was entitled uh um I mean like you know like uh you know 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish their you know okay well I mean uh um well you know forests, large demands for paper lead to large okay so okay I mean well like so so forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners well like uh well I mean um like okay that continued to work in the American uh um uh you know okay like so well Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the you know uh uh well you know like well um plane of Zendikar that uses the raw you know okay so I mean like you know um uh energy of her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and so I mean I mean um uh I mean uh so were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 April okay so well uh um okay I mean uh 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the second son okay you know like well okay um you know um of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' you know you know well so okay I mean well you know Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and okay okay uh um um okay well like played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three um uh you know I mean so okay like like 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with at um uh you know you know okay um um like least a B grade, and maintain a minimum 3 um uh I mean um I mean uh well like. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is a well I mean um well you know okay I mean uh Cuban - American actress best known for her portrayal of um well I mean okay like well I mean well Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television well um so uh you know um I mean um soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 well okay okay um I mean so so okay people and there was widespread sadness at his death; like I mean you know you know so uh I mean well he was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators like so I mean well well well I mean well due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to like um well you know uh like I mean I mean market; this not only brought about transfer of the uh okay um so uh I mean uh I mean transportation from other routes to the canal, but it uh okay you know okay okay I mean like you know encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented the I mean so okay um okay so you know so Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 families in Ghatkopar, um um you know you know uh I mean so like covering people, having a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to Whitesboro, well uh well like um I mean so well Texas, he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, okay like uh um like um like so where he supported himself by working a variety of odd uh okay I mean okay uh uh like like jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is I mean uh um uh okay um okay um the son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large areas either um well you know um I mean um so uh side for storing luggage they were a very versatile type uh you know I mean okay like um I mean so of coach and could be found all over the British Railways network okay well um you know you know uh I mean so and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly okay like you know you know like um you know well suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based you know uh I mean you know you know uh um um sandwich from the 1970s and early 1980s of the same name like so you know um okay um um you know which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the you know well you know uh you know well uh like British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson okay I mean so I mean well like um well City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse meets um like you know so um okay um uh Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a paper so so you know uh um so I mean uh - and - pencil test; since January 27, 2007, however, uh so okay I mean um you know well like all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties but since uh I mean you know so uh you know like well the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section um like um uh uh you know uh so between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United so well you know um so okay so well States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was so you know well you know uh so okay you know the most famous, after being fired from the like so so so well well so well Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to I mean you know uh like like I mean like um Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance um um well okay you know I mean I mean you know Unit RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went on uh I mean okay uh I mean like I mean um to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound uh I mean like well like I mean uh I mean that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New um um um I mean like okay you know so Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified as a machine um I mean um okay uh okay so I mean gun by the United States and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long I mean I mean you know you know well you know uh so been an outspoken critic of bans on online so uh uh uh okay I mean so um gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the so like you know uh well I mean I mean so Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was concluded that this crash was a type well well uh I mean well so you know I mean known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) I mean okay uh you know uh uh you know like and that there were no defects with the okay I mean I mean okay like okay you know uh aircraft or its systems which contributed to the crash, for uh you know like okay okay um so well this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' in um well I mean like okay um like so Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar well you know well um uh okay okay okay the famous elder and businesman, he was born in I mean uh okay okay okay you know okay well Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers so I mean well well well um uh like are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time in WWE so uh you know I mean well well well uh under the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the uh I mean like well um um uh okay NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun professionally okay um so so like um I mean um in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was closed like you know you know uh okay I mean I mean uh in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her so I mean you know well so like so like work as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange so well well okay like like you know you know Horizons', and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League like so so okay so okay uh like in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, you know okay well so so I mean I mean okay 1848) was a businessman, office holder, justice of the you know you know so you know like like you know so peace, and politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March so you know uh uh okay I mean like I mean 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, I mean well well uh um uh I mean like best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, like uh I mean so you know like I mean I mean MA and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and well you know uh okay like so okay um 1972 respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida you know okay well uh you know so you know I mean and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but you know uh I mean okay uh well um so in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track cycling event consists of a single race in which like okay um okay well um okay um the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was located about two miles southeast of you know well um like so like well okay present - day town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September like I mean you know um okay well uh so 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions to um like uh uh okay so well uh open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, you know I mean uh um uh so well so and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the um I mean I mean so so you know um okay lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the uh uh so I mean okay like well well Ohio River flood of 1937, as research had you know uh like I mean um okay uh well shown that 4 % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was okay well you know okay okay uh okay um too embarrassed to be seen with him, and this so so so uh um you know okay I mean incident went on to mar his first day at okay well um I mean okay um I mean I mean the school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern okay like um I mean I mean so so well school created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as well like well okay okay you know I mean um they spend public money this is why democratic governments okay you know I mean you know I mean like like uh are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and so um okay I mean well okay so like grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF uh like you know so okay um okay like Douglas A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four you know uh so you know um well okay so machine guns in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development okay uh like like um well uh um Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became one uh you know you know um uh um you know well of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously they um so well um so uh I mean okay were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B like uh like okay well you know uh I mean. A. From Boston College, started working as a bond trader like well um you know uh well um well at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval okay okay uh uh um you know um um bridges and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used it to burst out of the tanker, destroying you know um okay uh like um uh well any White Whale members that were near, and to you know you know you know well so well so uh form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an you know well um um like well you know I mean American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and uh um like I mean uh so um well educated at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the driver's door and like I mean I mean you know okay you know like like no cold steel up a driver's leg but the well I mean um well okay I mean so um petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler um I mean you know I mean so well I mean like was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is not acceptable to delete information from an uh so uh um well okay um okay article because it spoils the plot if that okay like you know well okay uh um so would interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner than okay so I mean uh like I mean okay you know that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests you know so well I mean um I mean uh um and convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult I mean well uh okay I mean so like okay Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit uh well okay uh um so uh like in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell wins and a like well well uh so you know okay like photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most um okay okay um I mean well you know so Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in um so I mean so I mean okay okay I mean San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in 'Recess', um uh so um okay so you know okay one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock um like okay uh well like you know uh Rock' and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & uh like so like okay um you know um Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple on a road trip like um so I mean well um well okay in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves her life to manage day - to - so okay uh so um well um okay day tasks in the house, and be a 24 hour uh so you know okay okay okay well uh personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and so I mean you know uh okay you know um I mean the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, so you know um uh like well you know like California) is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which like like like well so like uh um echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent I mean I mean I mean I mean okay well well um capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in okay uh you know well okay I mean um well 1791, surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story well um you know um well uh so well structure set into the hill, with a frame board like okay well uh well uh like well and batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called you know um you know so so you know you know um from a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies I mean okay okay so so I mean like you know withdrew from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to I mean well uh so you know so I mean um a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces over the intercom that the staff and well you know well I mean uh so uh like prisoners are free to leave through the one available okay so I mean you know you know like um okay exit - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, um uh um like like so so you know a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an so well like um um like uh like half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop like uh um uh uh well you know I mean with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original mission duration was to be only three I mean you know you know uh okay you know uh like years, but in June 2005, 14 years after um I mean uh like okay you know well so the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, I mean like well um like you know like uh a post he has held since 1984, and was chairman of uh I mean you know you know um well like I mean the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with um so so so uh um so you know writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu and so okay you know well okay okay um well daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later Empress um well so I mean um so um okay Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and Empress uh you know okay you know well I mean okay so Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to I mean well like well you know so uh so a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee like uh so you know so you know I mean well River, which would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad uh well so so okay well um uh from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books published well so you know so well um um um by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was uh so okay I mean okay I mean um um a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for Altria, as okay so well so so okay I mean okay although Marlboro is by far the most popular Western - you know well uh um uh well so so style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held um like like okay you know so okay uh the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School um like so okay uh uh like so of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D you know you know like you know you know so um you know films in some theaters, and they can be used uh you know well okay I mean well okay well to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in so so well you know you know okay I mean okay Finnish as purely an issue of syllable structure uh so so um so um um um is that the language has undergone various phonetic changes due to uh uh uh like I mean you know okay um which not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of uh like well like um I mean you know um DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department uh well so I mean um you know you know well of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk in Nueva okay uh um I mean okay like I mean um Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer um I mean I mean like uh okay uh um Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought uh uh like I mean okay uh okay you know for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do like uh um okay like um well okay not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated to St like well you know like okay okay so you know Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in Leigh, its I mean uh okay like uh like like like dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring you know uh so uh so um you know um her most well - known role - although they also well okay um I mean you know like you know you know speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather uh like well you know like like I mean uh she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its stories you know so well okay I mean well well I mean were partly based on real people and events, and several like uh um well okay so well uh years passed before it was adapted from a play performed uh like I mean okay um I mean so I mean by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this okay so so okay okay well like okay small forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being like like okay I mean well well you know um surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC family of profiles uh well so so um uh um okay hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for low well uh like um so um okay uh - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) and well you know like well okay uh like so biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 engine like I mean I mean well I mean like uh okay was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives like okay so I mean I mean I mean okay okay him a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located okay you know well like like uh like so on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a teenager okay okay um I mean so well um so and had consensual sex with her as an adult well um uh well well uh okay you know. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre okay well I mean so okay well I mean well in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and by like okay uh okay well so so like 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a so you know you know I mean uh okay okay um suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham Road uh so so um I mean um uh you know was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong well you know okay you know uh uh I mean so Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation uh okay well well okay okay okay uh with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and philatelic uh um okay okay well you know I mean um literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's so um so okay um you know you know um original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from so so like so okay you know well like other people to the ocean, is among the most famous works you know um um um okay so so um of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary uh like so I mean well uh okay so about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P is also a character in like like uh um okay okay so okay the video game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of um um uh like you know uh so you know Owari han, he served as chamberlain during World War I mean like uh so okay well okay okay II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording like um like uh I mean so um uh of Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling him of um I mean like uh okay so well uh the burnt train containing the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii so uh okay I mean you know um like you know on a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can be easier to lose than a flying so I mean I mean um I mean well uh like disc, especially over long distances: its low profile so uh okay okay okay uh uh um can make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon I mean I mean um well like okay like well Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such as okay I mean well well okay uh um so the ability to hire two henchman at once and the you know okay so um like so so well increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in the end McDuff opted to use a piece of well um uh uh you know well so like broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an offer so okay well you know well I mean okay well to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, uh you know um well you know um so okay and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off like I mean so so well okay you know okay the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the okay well I mean um uh well like uh 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place uh uh well you know okay I mean well well on March 5, 2008 as a single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - I mean I mean you know well okay like like um West Point market will move to the of WTVA; before like well you know you know I mean well uh uh this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky debris, you know um so okay so um I mean um feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of um um so like like like okay you know the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the spire um well um uh I mean you know okay you know unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the I mean you know like okay well uh like you know player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was like like I mean well so I mean um like planned to be presentation of the CD, release date um well uh I mean um I mean um um was deelayed up to the May, 2006, because of the negotiatations I mean okay uh okay I mean so like okay with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently okay um okay so you know okay you know like completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube um um you know like you know you know like you know playing bass guitar and session work, performing with I mean so I mean uh so okay okay so Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything Goes' I mean uh well I mean so so I mean I mean with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most recently so I mean uh you know I mean uh so you know starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core uh okay I mean I mean you know well well so CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population um um well uh um so well um and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security issues for uh okay okay you know you know okay I mean uh the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded okay okay um like you know like I mean okay in March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a German guard um uh okay I mean okay you know um uh in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) um like like I mean well like so so choice was going to do something 'too glossy' okay you know well okay um um okay okay and wanted to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) so uh um you know um uh um so was an American lawyer and politician who was New okay I mean I mean okay uh I mean so uh York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file I mean okay um you know well I mean uh uh system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it so you know okay uh um I mean like so is 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / uh like um well um okay well so Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, Action Director, uh okay uh like okay uh okay okay Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released uh I mean well like so I mean well I mean in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again invited to like like like you know well I mean um okay perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In December, however, the um um um well like so well okay members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was um I mean like uh okay so I mean so held in 2009; it was canceled twice um uh well so so uh uh so due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), so you know well okay so like um like in operation since 1 January 2000, was created by you know you know well well well like so um merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - you know well um you know okay uh so uh house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well so so I mean I mean well okay okay well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that time the Department of Defence was of um uh like so you know I mean like okay relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, Army well I mean um uh I mean well um uh and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take um um I mean okay so um so you know place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the nation's okay okay uh well well so like so oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been like like I mean like you know like uh like named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary so well well I mean uh so so I mean in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition well so like I mean um so uh I mean Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and moved you know uh well I mean so okay like you know to Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned okay I mean so like like like like uh to Britain and obtained a post at the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his second season, he alternated between the midfield um okay you know you know like so uh I mean and forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - you know okay uh so I mean so so so 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his album so you know um okay uh so um um 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was okay well I mean well well uh okay well covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species were hunted like like I mean I mean uh uh you know so to extinction within the first year and these predatory snails I mean well uh like well you know you know uh continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to spend so um so you know you know um okay okay the day drinking in the local pub. As a result, um well well uh okay so um um the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a you know um you know like well you know so well nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a well you know so well uh uh so I mean Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a liquid so okay well well so you know um okay medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to well you know um okay so I mean well so affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that true you know okay okay okay so well like I mean features would last longer (this is the meaning okay you know um uh okay well so uh of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and so um like like uh okay I mean so since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - Hungary well uh um so well um well like in 1918, the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but I mean well you know I mean uh like like uh it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing so like um I mean well okay like I mean a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple okay you know so uh so uh like you know vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often referred uh like um so so uh well okay to simply as Paramount) is an American film studio well I mean well um you know um I mean I mean based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in like okay I mean I mean um like well so Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for like I mean okay okay so um okay like his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse uh so I mean you know like like okay I mean than the titanic, so he worked with a Dallas company well like like okay so um so well to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals um okay so like uh um I mean okay in the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, I mean well okay okay okay like um well hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, I mean I mean like so I mean well well well concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had some so so so you know um um like you know roles in mainstream film and television, including guest appearances um well well okay okay uh you know well in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a cruel remark I mean um you know um like uh well um Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently deceased mother uh okay uh well so you know uh like and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in you know so okay well okay okay I mean like July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's okay uh like like um um like well armor during the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of so like well okay like okay so well what seemed to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / okay uh I mean okay like I mean so uh Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies as I mean you know okay like uh you know okay like son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Grant uh I mean well um well like well well & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link to so I mean like well well like well like Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything else, um you know um so uh like okay okay including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: I mean um um I mean uh well well um 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word 'story' may be used as a okay okay so okay you know well well um synonym of 'narrative', it can also be used to like you know you know um um you know like um refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott um you know so okay I mean okay well okay Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 Unlimited is so like like well like well okay um used as the game's main theme (for the um I mean okay uh uh I mean um I mean PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that um okay I mean well well uh like you know she's the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless I mean you know I mean uh you know well you know uh and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV 15) is I mean so you know you know like uh uh you know a small Public - access television cable TV well so uh you know I mean uh well you know station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was I mean you know so like so well so like previously convicted of four counts of risk of injury like well okay uh so I mean well uh to a minor, or impairing the morals of a I mean so uh um uh like uh you know child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked out on their wedding, and she okay uh okay you know okay so well um currently is single and holds intense anger towards Richard for well like well you know you know uh so you know ruining their wedding, and also became furious to learn like I mean like um so like well well she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated for I mean okay okay well you know I mean uh okay wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the um so you know so I mean okay um so neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long study of like I mean I mean okay well so like so what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to avoid fighting in okay okay you know okay so like like well the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, so um you know um I mean uh you know uh and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, uh like so uh uh okay like um presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a like uh uh so you know okay you know you know more integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands uh okay I mean you know okay like okay like ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), so okay you know uh okay okay um you know and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area code for um uh you know so um so so okay the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by um well I mean like you know uh so I mean Ghanaian DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the uh I mean um well like um you know okay development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James Hamilton was like you know you know okay uh so well um born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- um I mean like okay uh you know okay like first presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on so so like so well uh like uh the screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' you know like uh so I mean um I mean um had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, following um well so well you know you know um so the death of his father earlier that year, like you know well you know okay uh um okay and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for so well like so well well okay um Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a new seven um well so uh okay I mean okay uh - year contract with MGM as a result, but like I mean I mean well I mean you know so well the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have uh well uh well you know I mean well so urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus so uh so well um I mean so okay indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus giving I mean you know uh so you know so um so Roman fathers the right to sell their own children into slavery, you know I mean so um well like um like and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and um you know well um I mean you know like I mean attended the University of Arizona State, where she was the uh I mean uh well I mean um I mean well starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead the uh uh uh like I mean okay so I mean Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main transmitter is now located on the ridge okay you know like okay uh uh okay um between Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit like I mean you know you know like you know uh um for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis you know so like so you know okay I mean you know Israel and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age you know like uh I mean I mean like so I mean of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to you know um uh okay you know uh um I mean live with her Uncle and his two wives (New okay okay um um so you know okay I mean Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus well uh so I mean I mean uh okay um abducted Syme on a journey back from Asia, and had the okay okay well uh okay like uh you know island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been well um so you know like so like I mean new browsers coming onto the scence, many of these well you know well you know you know I mean well you know are open source meaning that they tend like okay like so uh you know well like to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar or on the well okay like uh uh you know okay well ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school okay you know like like like okay you know well located on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour um I mean well uh okay uh uh okay of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start well so okay so like I mean uh so to finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York you know so like I mean well you know so you know Athletic Club and focused on making the Olympic um I mean well uh like well um so Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan well like um uh um um uh uh disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, I mean I mean so okay like so um um appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is reported from okay okay I mean I mean like um like okay a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of the so well um uh um you know well okay venue was started, new side sectors with roof covers were built well uh you know well well so uh okay and the media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her I mean um I mean uh you know well well okay to dive into the exciting and ever - so um I mean well well okay okay well changing world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which um like uh um uh I mean okay okay time it was discovered that in addition to his overspending, Shepherd had I mean um okay okay so you know you know so given preference to neighborhoods and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in so um okay well like um I mean uh the quarter - final match against Denmark; this uh um um so so like you know well meant that Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch was completed in May 1900 but you know okay well uh you know so so like by 1911, another line diverted traffic once like like like like you know well well you know served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI corresponds to a Java standard like um well I mean okay uh so you know interface and is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their uh like um uh uh you know so okay banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt uh uh you know well so okay I mean so. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force so like um uh um um um I mean achieved surprise and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, so uh like like so uh like you know the enemy knew that the Americans were coming; this time well so um uh um I mean okay uh a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was then sold by Gompers to the American War so well okay uh I mean you know like well Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers because their display like um uh like like I mean uh uh of a flag with a blue star for a son um you know so I mean okay so like okay on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use you know so you know uh like um you know well him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; I mean okay um so you know um okay well after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp so uh uh I mean okay uh um so in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, uh well uh well so okay so um St Elizabeth's Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the like I mean okay so uh I mean okay you know Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various senior um well you know I mean so so so well posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he is amazed by um so you know uh so um well uh her broken spirit and whatever he does to torture her does well I mean I mean so I mean uh like uh not demoralise her as she is already mentally dead, the Commantant uh okay so so okay well well uh becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural I mean so so okay so well uh so History and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a you know so you know okay I mean um okay okay box - section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on you know you know well um so so like you know all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, this you know well so like uh uh like I mean variant had been specifically designed for the dual - you know well um you know um you know well uh role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the ground okay I mean well okay uh um I mean okay move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one of well okay you know I mean so um you know well Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, well well uh well like um you know um and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and television, well so well okay you know okay um so and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading so I mean well so uh uh okay like series of shut downs and a major regional blackout, so like well so I mean um I mean you know such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, uh okay okay I mean like well you know uh 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of so uh um I mean so uh um I mean Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed in the standardization of its products, that were sold to okay well you know um um uh okay uh either individuals or to the corporations of an entire industry, okay I mean okay uh well I mean like uh while the railroads at the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation like well well well like well so so for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention so you know you know you know so um you know I mean and it considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it uh well uh so so like like okay can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of power uh so so like um well so so for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and I mean I mean um well you know well you know so enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B so um um uh like so like okay. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the east coast so um you know well okay okay so um of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there okay like you know um you know um well you know is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual once so uh you know you know uh you know uh well a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and um um um uh like I mean like you know similar ones have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is um uh um uh so well okay uh an American singer - songwriter who is best known I mean you know I mean okay like okay like um for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included the entire party and many of um um um so you know like you know uh the fruit vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when sea so I mean you know so you know so you know uh levels were much lower - the analysis of stalactites found like so I mean you know I mean well uh okay in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took place 153, like so well you know well so uh you know 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former outfielder well well you know you know I mean okay okay so and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet okay um okay like I mean um you know like Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the um like um um well I mean so um model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by I mean uh uh uh you know so well um her stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often I mean like okay so so um so like cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design I mean okay uh like okay I mean well okay of an internal combustion engine which in one like um uh I mean you know I mean uh so embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are well uh okay you know okay okay okay um associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the well well okay um um you know okay well fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex well so uh well uh uh um okay Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational uh so so well so okay well like Bible college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by uh uh so like um well I mean okay cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a um um well well okay well so well recording contract with RCA Records Nashville that year; so I mean I mean uh um well so I mean between 1986 and 1990, they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the well so okay well uh uh you know like first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is like I mean like um I mean like um okay a large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from remains um okay um um okay so so well found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed well I mean okay well okay well okay well acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that the so I mean okay uh you know I mean well well failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, an like I mean like so okay um so uh ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto Rico, um like so okay like like uh so was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical journey started very early in life as both um okay like you know uh uh uh well started singing at Sunday school and through basic education I mean uh so I mean okay well so um and also performing in various high schools and participating at occasions I mean so uh um like okay uh well in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and like so well well so okay uh well passes through the northern part of the city you know so um I mean um I mean so I mean of Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders I mean uh uh I mean like uh so so such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with the 'Those um okay like like I mean you know like so Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing the recording of like uh like well you know like like well another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on uh um okay you know well okay you know so the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they like I mean you know well well um I mean you know also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself uh well um like so I mean well so - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the I mean well you know you know like uh you know so 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War I mean okay uh you know well okay well I mean II population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski were so I mean so I mean so you know you know I mean arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and she well um so um uh uh well I mean won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm so okay I mean okay I mean like so um of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - well you know uh you know uh I mean I mean you know season club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established uh I mean well um I mean well um so notions and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest years when okay like like um well like I mean um Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established well you know well you know like um okay uh institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the Hampton uh like so uh you know well you know um roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American like you know so so uh like I mean uh professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian well um okay uh I mean well well like professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their like well uh well um you know um uh 6 -- 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive I mean like I mean okay okay so uh you know 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved you know I mean I mean okay well you know well so in a trashed - hotel - room incident; he like um so like I mean so okay okay and two members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and so you know I mean you know okay uh you know um began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy I mean well um okay I mean so you know uh & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites well like okay you know like okay uh I mean to establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block um well you know okay um I mean um well owned by Cork County Council and housing its administrative well I mean um okay I mean um I mean uh headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - you know I mean uh um uh um so you know specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her well um well uh like well I mean so relationship with Carol, as she believes she has the I mean uh okay you know you know well um so perfect relationship with him and reveals that she is so um um so I mean you know so um imitating her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles for like you know okay well like um okay uh her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down so uh so uh so like well okay and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced um um you know uh so I mean like so an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 um okay okay like okay so you know I mean kind of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves um okay um I mean I mean like okay like on to new levels, which means that the complexity and I mean like you know uh uh I mean like like level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 - you know um like I mean so you know well like 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority of victims seeking advice are um um I mean uh okay like well uh female and aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful I mean so so okay um okay well so effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting you know uh you know I mean you know uh um you know Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and well um you know um so so like I mean turf that today are Grade 1 events and in like well like you know well uh uh okay the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second okay you know you know uh like well I mean like in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a number uh you know like I mean okay um well like of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal well like like um um okay you know uh damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following season he went on to play twentyone games, okay so like you know you know uh well I mean scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before signing you know like so um I mean uh you know uh an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or okay um you know okay I mean okay like so card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district uh you know um I mean um okay um um in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is easy to get involved in the fiesta like uh you know um you know okay you know I mean even not knowing the language and to live the Carnival so you know well uh uh um you know um and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up well well um I mean okay so I mean uh fights, then faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 so uh uh like you know like so um where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she like I mean like I mean well okay um uh founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a um okay you know you know you know you know well okay group that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from well you know uh you know you know I mean you know I mean Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used so well you know so okay okay uh uh by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, so uh uh okay I mean I mean like well materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was built in 1837 and closed down so um okay um well I mean um so ten years later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago like um um I mean well I mean I mean like and she began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have a clear cause but you know uh um uh so like um uh is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali like I mean well you know um okay you know okay Azmat, Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band okay you know you know well you know uh okay um. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described you know you know well um like okay so you know by Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though uh okay uh um well well uh so was widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named I mean like like well uh uh so um by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as like um um so um so well like being 28 stories tall, though the tower / like okay okay okay so well um okay observation deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among I mean um uh okay um uh okay um the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station okay you know well well like you know um uh neighborhood of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in um so uh um okay I mean well like Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, where uh I mean like okay so uh I mean well her parents decided to separate; she and her siblings went with so uh like uh um you know well uh their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 October to um well like like like like like uh 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, like well I mean so you know uh okay I mean ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture okay well like uh you know so okay so with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin well uh so I mean okay well okay um Colleges, is a two - year campus of the University like okay I mean um um so like well of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, as like I mean well you know okay you know like well well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to do I mean well I mean you know like well well like so through his famous three - volume 'History you know I mean I mean like okay I mean well you know of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods after uh okay you know like okay well um uh examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern okay so you know well so well you know you know - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning I mean uh well I mean um you know um so approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, internet um uh um I mean okay so like um - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a okay I mean um like okay like um well philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received an at - large bid in the well well uh well um I mean um uh 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the battle so well um uh you know you know uh like but takes long time to reach as he forgets I mean uh uh well like I mean um I mean his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, like well you know okay like uh okay well the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's largest um I mean uh well you know well I mean uh ship management companies operated in Monaco and is the current Operator um you know um so so so you know I mean of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - you know well okay okay well um I mean I mean pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no um so okay I mean you know you know well so score,' which prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the um um so so um so I mean you know system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his well okay uh okay okay um you know so childhood -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy so you know uh like I mean so you know well us' -- and the destructor arrives in the form of you know um um like okay I mean like I mean a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and you know okay I mean so you know um I mean um perform on stage ever again, after this the song like so um so like so okay like went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in um okay well well um I mean you know like the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was allowed to return to South Africa in so um so okay okay I mean you know I mean 1919, to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had okay you know so I mean like like like well built some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the okay like um uh okay you know I mean like third attempt; the resulting great field position led I mean well so um well you know you know like to Iowa taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- you know uh like you know um um I mean like 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that you know I mean uh you know I mean well I mean I mean the gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was um I mean uh uh like well I mean well to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after that well well um like um okay you know like and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the like uh you know uh so you know well uh 33rd championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a marble um well like okay um like um you know - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 different types of marble I mean like uh um you know uh you know uh are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting the um so um I mean uh so um okay opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and uh uh you know so uh okay like like he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald uh you know well like so well so like & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to um you know so like so I mean well well the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most okay like um uh you know well I mean I mean popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning well you know like I mean well well like so a battle at Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was so uh um I mean okay I mean like well known as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like so so um so like you know I mean like relief worker Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of well you know okay um um so uh um Kadıköy being systematically looted and its residents as well like you know like okay like um so okay as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an okay I mean um so um so well I mean American actress and voice actress who is best known as I mean well uh you know um so um well the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
