2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of so uh like so like uh well okay well digital image processing in which the image resolution, or amount like so well like like um so uh I mean of detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a you know so um like um like I mean well well decision - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or well well okay you know like well okay so well mental model, of a complex and evolving task situation, um uh like well so you know like okay like its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, like you know um so um so like okay like Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of so um you know okay you know so you know you know um Friars Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park and well I mean well so um I mean you know um well St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the okay I mean okay okay um okay um so um 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 you know uh you know like okay so well okay um match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by equity market capitalisation, I mean you know you know I mean you know well uh uh well yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian okay like um I mean okay uh okay so you know film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism okay okay like you know I mean I mean well like uh playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered uh uh um like so like well well like by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic Love' you know you know like well I mean you know like I mean like onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive I mean you know okay uh so you know so so well use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The well like okay like um well um well you know Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot uh like like um like like um I mean I mean on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US uh um okay I mean so uh like um like album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it as part well um you know well uh you know I mean like so of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 um okay like um uh I mean you know like I mean but he now works for Human Rights Watch I mean I mean like well so you know you know well so in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities uh well you know so like well okay you know um located at a maximum distance of from the city, uh I mean um like you know um um like well and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners you know okay uh I mean I mean okay well well um who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is well um like okay well I mean like uh I mean possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located well um uh so like uh uh like well in the center of the seaport town of Cherchell so I mean I mean like well um you know so like in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are okay so well uh uh I mean I mean so so widely considered to be the some of the so okay you know uh okay well okay you know well best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of so you know so well like I mean okay you know well lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, like okay I mean okay so uh you know I mean I mean Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married so so well like like okay well uh I mean in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 so well so I mean well well you know like you know explained to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an so well you know uh so so uh um uh educational institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry is like like okay uh so so you know okay um one such scholar whose research reveals that public servants tend okay okay so um you know um so so um to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly predates the post- okay so so uh I mean like I mean uh uh 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but um like okay okay I mean you know like uh okay suffered nearly 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, well well okay you know I mean um so okay I mean where the 62nd was reduced to the size of a like so well uh okay um uh so uh single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling uh like so um so uh like okay um at a terminal station, the train may not continue in a okay so uh like you know so you know uh okay straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and I mean uh you know uh so um you know um you know determined that it was a protein and in 1938 well I mean um okay okay well well you know okay he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small I mean so well okay so I mean okay uh well virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord of I mean I mean I mean like um okay you know um okay Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by his tenants at um okay okay I mean you know uh you know like like the site in 1320 in a cauldron suspended well um um well um like like uh like from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 %, uh well you know well okay so so I mean you know the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around 3 %, okay um so so I mean well you know well like hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and uh um I mean uh uh I mean well like so Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all uh I mean you know um uh so I mean like well fours with the case at hand is one that almost uh you know well like well okay um so okay exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May 1971) so you know okay okay well so well I mean okay is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without sources, you know so like um like I mean uh I mean I mean please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing you know uh well I mean uh well um well you know his first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the well you know like okay um so well I mean well Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of you know like uh like like I mean well okay um the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane okay I mean uh so okay you know um I mean uh at a young age, Copley played his junior rugby um um well uh okay well okay you know okay league for the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of I mean okay well like you know so okay you know okay Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing you know I mean um I mean I mean uh well so you know all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station as I mean well um so uh so well like uh a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not uh you know so I mean so um so um well compatible across operating systems, so compatibility of the so you know well like I mean I mean well so okay keyboard needs to be checked before purchasing one; like I mean you know um you know so okay like um this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), following uh so um um well you know okay um you know it up with 'City of God' (2011) and so you know uh so like you know so so uh 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of like um you know so so like um um like Belgrade lasted for three days, other sources state the air battle I mean okay you know uh you know I mean so I mean you know over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard like well so you know you know uh so well I mean 40 foot container, but if the rail line has been um um you know well like like like so okay built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack okay you know you know like okay I mean well so uh car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage of uh uh like so you know so okay like you know its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, um you know um okay okay um well uh well France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the I mean so okay uh well well so uh uh Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second you know okay uh so so you know I mean like so to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising uh you know uh uh okay uh you know okay okay them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also uh um like well well you know I mean so well involved in several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, uh well I mean you know you know okay so okay uh including efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in okay so okay um uh um like um you know 1994, entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a well I mean uh like um okay like okay well diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the I mean um like um uh uh okay you know um labor movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him well well I mean well so I mean um I mean I mean as the go to person for comment on issues concerning um okay okay uh uh okay you know I mean like the Muslim community even though he has no like well like you know well you know well I mean so official standing within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on several I mean so like I mean um uh okay okay so well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, and within I mean like you know um like well well you know well two hours the mob was moving about the city, okay so okay uh well uh so I mean like sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and okay so you know I mean so well um like I mean have on several occasions read the comments made on it; I mean I mean um well uh well okay you know I mean the character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore um I mean like I mean uh like you know well um etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, I mean you know I mean well you know so well I mean like has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially you know like I mean okay um um like well um Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa uh okay I mean okay like I mean you know um um and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming um okay I mean okay so like uh you know like to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being taken so you know I mean I mean well so I mean like well to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, so uh you know okay you know okay okay like um 1962, at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk um so well uh I mean you know well so I mean County of a top - billed actress for okay well so like you know okay I mean so so a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management I mean well uh so well so um you know you know at the University of Lausanne and when he returns with I mean so um uh well um uh well you know much fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he has um uh well so uh uh uh so okay secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm okay uh okay I mean well um I mean so you know of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit well well well like you know well um I mean um - houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa um you know like well so you know okay you know well (the Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as okay uh so so okay uh okay like okay the story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, like well uh like um uh well well okay Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and so uh like so I mean you know um so well was given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, you know well uh so I mean um so you know uh Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and holds like so okay I mean uh um I mean like I mean approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the most you know okay I mean well so uh you know um well optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the um uh okay well I mean so like uh um city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free and open source like you know well okay okay you know um okay you know initiative to provide an enterprise scale solution to managing okay uh like you know so um I mean I mean uh the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of well okay so okay you know you know uh you know so primary energy can be considered the same, which is so you know um uh well like so um um not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, well so okay so like like I mean so uh which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there like so well you know um I mean um like you know before joining the ABC and is a graduate you know um well like uh like well you know so of Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted um um like okay you know I mean like I mean um architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph like okay so I mean so like you know um okay Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit uh uh uh well okay okay okay so you know next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the like you know I mean well uh like okay so you know minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, so um okay uh like um you know you know I mean and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as like okay uh um like okay uh I mean so a Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been uh uh I mean well uh um okay like you know upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named like well well you know um I mean like so um after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded as okay so so okay okay uh so okay well an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 1917) was you know so like I mean uh so well okay uh an officer in the Union Army during the American um I mean like so I mean so uh um so Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the uh I mean I mean you know so um well so I mean Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing uh like like I mean um um um well like car designed by the Red Bull Racing team for you know you know so I mean like I mean um okay well the 2009 Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, you know I mean uh well I mean I mean um you know well who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time um you know so so well um so um okay saves the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who ends you know so like uh okay I mean you know okay so up in a cursed life as a ferryman you know well um I mean okay well I mean well so when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall like um okay okay um so so you know you know of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September like well uh um like uh uh I mean like 2007 in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against I mean okay uh um okay like um uh I mean Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging well like well well uh I mean uh you know okay freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making um well okay like um like well like so all students wear the same clothes or limit them like so well um like okay you know so uh to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI I mean um so like uh I mean like okay well Corps in the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen okay so uh um you know so you know well well. Nathaniel Banks, and received the brevet rank of colonel in uh well um I mean like okay well okay like the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan okay so so I mean so so I mean uh I mean footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State University; okay well so I mean okay like I mean I mean like he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in Northumberland, England, um like uh uh uh um I mean I mean you know situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album well okay you know I mean well so like um like 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well as a um um well well I mean like well I mean okay number of various artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated okay well okay okay you know um you know so I mean eighty right - handed patients who showed signs uh so so like uh uh I mean uh well of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of I mean like so like you know um um well you know Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten I mean I mean well well I mean well okay um I mean Island, New York) is an American bassist best known like well uh like um you know so okay um for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged I mean um I mean uh so I mean um like like as a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he alleges, like uh uh so uh um I mean um I mean engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and well um I mean um okay like uh um so instead advocated looking to the original works, his well uh well um so like like um so school is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other so um you know well you know um um well well lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a MF patch only the like okay like uh um uh well well uh club know what those are used for or signify law okay um uh you know so like like um okay enforcement theorizes with the help of informants and through so I mean so like um like um I mean I mean interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature who so I mean so well well like well um um aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he well you know so um okay okay well um I mean is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers that Captain well um uh uh like you know I mean I mean um Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal okay well uh um I mean I mean so you know I mean project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for uh like so uh so um well well I mean free as an early birthday gift from Kevin to his fans I mean well well so like uh well uh I mean and was met with positive praise from numerous music um well so I mean you know so well okay okay sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other well um you know I mean I mean well um okay well hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le Mans, you know you know well okay so like well um I mean driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf sponsorship; the so I mean so you know okay so um well um lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council I mean I mean like like well okay okay I mean like and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent of okay like I mean like well so um okay you know Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, I mean okay okay okay um so uh uh well an area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems well I mean well okay like like you know like like since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on 6 okay like like okay okay well well uh okay March 1856, set sail for England on board the uh um I mean like uh I mean okay okay um Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional uh um um well I mean I mean you know okay um because the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed I mean uh uh you know well well you know you know uh under the by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, well okay you know okay well um so okay okay like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices well well I mean um well so you know okay so on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human body you know well uh okay like um I mean you know I mean and a type of digit, an organ of uh like you know well I mean uh uh so you know and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, I mean I mean well you know okay um okay uh I mean 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was uh well well well you know well like like I mean also being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV and UKIP you know like okay so okay well okay well uh. The Tory party also refused to run a well okay uh okay like I mean like uh uh candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the son I mean like I mean like okay well so like um of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, and you know I mean you know I mean okay uh um so so during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in the 'Bulletin' you know like you know you know well I mean like um okay daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 uh I mean well okay I mean well so um okay Chevrolet Camaro Z28 then parks the car in front like so like well you know so you know um um of the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal um uh uh um you know like so you know okay was granted independence, with only brief periods of well okay um so well okay okay like I mean English occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong um well uh you know I mean okay like okay like (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a I mean like I mean uh um so uh uh I mean Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds on the like um like um uh okay I mean well like existing body of query language issues, many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for okay like I mean I mean well like I mean so I mean allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills well well well I mean I mean I mean like um well him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, well I mean like uh you know okay um um I mean 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the I mean like okay okay uh I mean like so I mean only son of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock well I mean like I mean you know so you know I mean well band The Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the like okay okay okay well um well I mean you know city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played so I mean like well uh um um I mean um in the tournament and became the first nation from America and um so so well I mean like I mean you know well only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched by like well I mean uh you know I mean you know uh okay international institutes, universities and market research companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when uh like I mean uh so so um uh um it first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to with um um uh um like um so okay like Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating um you know I mean I mean well I mean like you know okay and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the uh um like okay so uh um well I mean capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch so you know like okay uh I mean uh uh uh in the history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the well um well like okay uh well well um Member of Parliament for the district of Western so well okay okay I mean like I mean you know so Arctic in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State so you know I mean um uh I mean like like well (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was the petitioner you know I mean like uh okay so I mean like I mean in one of the best known habeas corpus cases of um um so I mean uh I mean like like um the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the um so uh like uh um well you know like R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance services, uh I mean okay uh uh well you know well you know branch off to Estació de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids off so well like like you know like um so uh plants and thus kills them from the impact or so okay like I mean I mean like so well well by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became I mean like well well so you know I mean uh so apparent that she lacked a campaign message, outside of like okay so so so you know okay um uh her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to okay well um um you know well like I mean well flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning hiding so uh okay uh well you know you know okay like in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in like like you know like um so well okay well Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went well okay okay okay like um uh okay you know on their first tour arranged by new label Fearless I mean well well okay so okay so okay um Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of well like uh you know um well so like uh South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North uh so so well uh um I mean okay okay West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at Duke and so I mean I mean uh uh you know okay um okay served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards the you know like okay so so okay okay well you know two parents: a version for the mother and one you know like well so well I mean like well well for the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National you know you know you know okay well well I mean so like Security Archive, CORU was created to unify well like I mean okay well okay so um well five different Cuban exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis following German um um so well so so uh so like invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched a I mean okay so well um well um I mean I mean plan to make her move in with him, which worked okay okay like you know you know well like you know you know but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold Pinter like um I mean you know uh well okay okay uh stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing well so like like so uh well like well same - sex couples to jointly petition for so um I mean uh I mean uh I mean so so adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level of I mean like well like uh I mean uh I mean so shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is you know uh like um like okay um um so a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons uh well well you know uh uh um uh like with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 March 1391) I mean you know well like so uh I mean uh I mean was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in the 2007 well uh um you know uh you know okay well so - 08 season; however, because of the number of okay well I mean uh okay um you know uh I mean games he played for both Charlton and China, he was so okay well uh okay well okay you know um less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never uh okay uh I mean okay okay uh uh uh put into action due to limitations in funds and the belief um I mean I mean um so um well um um that the tides of the war were beginning to turn like okay you know like I mean I mean uh um okay in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and like I mean um so um like like well well later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, um okay I mean I mean like I mean well so like and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available um um okay uh I mean uh you know you know you know on online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, well so um I mean you know uh uh okay you know with the Northeast corner was occupied by the so well uh um uh so like I mean well Wingham Hotel or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in uh I mean like uh okay I mean well like okay memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on well you know well so so okay well you know um Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his well I mean so so you know okay uh um you know murder, Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when like well well you know uh uh so well you know he sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, uh well so so like um I mean so you know and tells the camera that his mother has never you know I mean uh well um I mean like I mean you know wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and so you know like uh I mean I mean okay uh you know propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, okay well I mean you know you know so um so I mean BaraHatti) are a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found so like okay so you know well uh um I mean predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, um um um so I mean uh so like um and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time so I mean okay so okay like like I mean like along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus well well you know like okay uh okay like okay 'left arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and uh like you know like so I mean um uh you know refused to stop at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first like so like well well I mean well you know like hearing in 100 years, took place at the Golders Green well okay okay well I mean uh like so okay Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this production uh so I mean okay like well you know like well was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan well well you know so well okay uh you know like Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of uh I mean I mean like you know um I mean well you know Joe Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State uh you know uh you know so so I mean um like Nittany Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was like so so um like uh uh you know you know commissioned by Paterno friends and Family to Design the so um so I mean you know well well well well sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin um uh I mean uh I mean okay like like you know and injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left so I mean okay uh well um so so you know Tibet and after spending one and a half years in Kalimpong uh so you know so well you know uh well you know he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided the Q so okay well um um well so you know I mean of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater than uh okay I mean so well I mean well uh well the coupling coefficient, then much of the power can okay I mean like well you know so well I mean you know be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum) you know uh I mean uh uh okay you know like uh represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to like uh like um you know uh like um okay close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 so okay okay okay I mean well uh well so minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it was I mean so um you know so uh um uh so considered a possibility that Soro would be named prime okay you know you know okay uh you know so I mean okay minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to so like uh okay I mean I mean well like like sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of uh uh uh like you know well uh so so Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern uh okay well well uh uh you know so okay Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will uh well um like okay I mean uh like well be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became Chief so okay well uh well well you know so like Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina so I mean so well you know I mean uh uh uh County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts well I mean you know so well um well okay like in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and equipments like like so I mean um so I mean well well worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home country you know okay well like you know so so okay I mean as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step like okay um okay so okay well I mean like in this process, and to this end, the 51st uh well uh I mean okay um uh uh okay Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on uh so um you know well well um I mean well to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several okay well um um I mean you know okay like um popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic you know okay I mean I mean I mean you know um well so bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light um so I mean I mean um you know so um okay and Magic, was given the role, and digitally added okay you know well you know okay um like like like to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that well okay okay you know uh well uh you know okay paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role in the I mean I mean you know you know so um I mean you know okay Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', like okay you know okay okay uh like like so as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for him like well I mean you know you know you know I mean like uh to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices um okay um okay you know I mean I mean um okay are located at the town of Alexis Creek, um okay okay like uh well well I mean so which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in like you know so uh I mean like um like well the business to David Thompson who began Owen Owens expansion I mean you know so so so you know you know you know uh they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted I mean so you know like like like you know uh I mean Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to appear well um okay well like okay uh you know you know on MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 well well so uh okay well okay uh like and the song was added to the like so you know okay you know uh like I mean uh track list of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for like um you know like okay you know um um like example, many criminals display this type of selfish behavior so uh you know well you know well well you know I mean in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time well I mean so you know I mean like um well okay for himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake um like um you know well so you know um like for the town of Broken Hill, western New you know okay okay I mean so I mean uh you know like South Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a well well uh I mean like so um so um burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's relationship quickly well you know you know so uh like like so um blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, I mean like like like you know well um like I mean patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana Boy', uh like uh like uh you know I mean so um which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana uh um you know okay you know you know like uh uh Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times you know okay like uh so okay well like okay mostly because of the regime change in the country, for like well you know okay um um like like um example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR it okay um um I mean okay well well so well was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant uh well well so uh so okay like um for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot well uh you know okay you know um like okay I mean and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in the like you know like so you know so so uh so 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team like like so um like like um okay you know for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs um like you know I mean you know like so so well which are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played well um well uh so so I mean like you know there until 1943 after which he played for several um well um um well you know uh I mean like other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had I mean you know so I mean you know you know you know I mean well never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line like um um uh well okay uh I mean so and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks and well uh okay um uh so uh uh well two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for uh you know well like like so uh um you know the principles of American conservatism - although it promotes small um uh so you know um um like so okay government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and like um I mean I mean well okay like well so the synchronous action of neural ensembles in the cerebral like I mean well uh okay okay you know uh uh cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard I mean uh well you know so I mean you know like well elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated a uh like uh okay so okay like uh um proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book by well you know so well I mean well you know you know well Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors well okay you know like um so you know you know um examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation so well so like like like uh like okay hub located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in okay you know like um okay okay uh okay I mean Camden, New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station okay um well uh you know you know like okay so of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the International Marine like so so like okay so I mean okay so Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his well I mean you know you know so okay I mean you know um father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated um like uh I mean you know okay um I mean well him to the Defense Council but the Quaid - like um I mean like like you know like uh uh i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release in well uh so like I mean so I mean um like North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability okay um um okay so um so uh like to fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, I mean you know well you know so I mean like like okay where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but by uh so uh okay so well okay you know like who? , tom shows his sisters who can not you know uh I mean like okay like um okay well help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked um like okay like so um um uh okay in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced you know well I mean okay um like okay um okay in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in I mean okay uh so uh well so I mean I mean the main square in Zlin by thousands of um I mean like okay like you know okay um uh people cheering him and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, well okay so so you know like uh so well deodorize, and / or disinfect that are less I mean like uh so like like like well you know damaging to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific well um um so uh okay so like like Division contender in the 2000s following the drafting of several okay so okay um I mean I mean like so like players, among them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall um so like I mean like um I mean okay so in 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number of uh okay um you know uh um you know um so different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- 1862), well you know um like um I mean like I mean uh the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of Serbia uh like I mean like you know you know I mean you know I mean during the Balkan Wars and after the First World I mean well I mean uh okay like okay I mean I mean War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar uh well you know like okay so you know well so painting, originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part so okay uh like well um you know uh you know of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman I mean I mean I mean uh you know okay you know um um Otis G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness you know I mean okay uh uh well uh uh I mean area in New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress has so I mean uh so well um like well um decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters so you know um uh okay you know okay I mean so the body, which is specified as the moment a person has so uh you know so well uh I mean uh uh the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile like uh well I mean I mean well um well okay long leat which dates from 1493 along with some meadows you know um uh well um well like you know uh were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, um I mean well like um well well um so where he was a three - year uh like you know okay like uh uh like um starter and played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona uh I mean like so okay you know you know so okay Cardinals, McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and you know I mean well okay you know okay uh like I mean made his first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game so uh um you know so like uh I mean I mean with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and well I mean you know you know um okay you know you know I mean graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved to so well so um uh uh I mean um well San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves like um you know um like I mean like okay you know ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same year. This well okay okay okay well so um I mean um profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 um I mean um well uh um okay uh okay to 1957, training in Nevada and California and eventually well I mean well okay um okay so well like piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and Sweet so so um well okay so um well uh tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts as okay well you know um uh I mean uh like so Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell that you know well you know uh well I mean you know so uh worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, okay uh so you know well I mean okay you know you know as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which she you know you know well so um like okay uh uh was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old okay like okay you know um uh okay uh well maps in the secret archives, and even those you know so um you know so you know I mean so okay which Xiao He found are missing; we only um um um um um uh I mean okay um have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a like well okay okay like like so uh um series of ex-service men and women helped by um uh uh well so um I mean um um Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at so you know okay so like so you know so okay the charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for okay like you know you know I mean I mean okay okay so his contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing regular so I mean well uh well you know like uh like assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving well okay like you know so well um um uh complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory as well um okay you know like uh um okay like you know as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the Younger I mean uh so uh uh um okay like um was a brother of the apostle Matthew and the son you know well so well I mean uh well so I mean of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company was under like like you know okay uh okay I mean you know um investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 separate states well um um uh um I mean um well like for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's well I mean okay you know you know like like okay I mean Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the like like well well well I mean uh uh I mean French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr like I mean okay I mean you know well well like so. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the I mean okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like effort to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and established rocket okay so um uh uh you know okay you know you know manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a well well uh like uh so okay uh I mean professional Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a um like like you know I mean so you know um okay multi-platform campaign centered around EDM that includes digital content, advertising um like like you know well uh you know okay um featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for like you know I mean uh um I mean you know okay well its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well um um you know I mean I mean I mean I mean like okay as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 like like okay you know I mean okay I mean like I mean goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last so you know okay okay you know um uh well okay game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town um um you know I mean like well you know um like in Erode district in the Indian state of uh uh okay so you know well I mean well um Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins well well I mean like like um um I mean you know Bari on loan for the season, with Bari having well uh uh um uh uh um so well the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the well so um you know like um I mean uh you know 4th Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during well you know well so well I mean okay so uh the run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal so uh you know um you know okay I mean uh um (CP); the three Série 9100 diesel railcars were okay uh I mean I mean so so I mean well so built for the line in 1949 and continued in service so okay you know you know you know okay so okay like until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; she I mean so like um okay you know so like uh was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly well um okay well uh well um so you know unresolvable controversy over the colour of the Australian so well um so uh well um I mean so flags used at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament you know so okay you know like well you know okay you know house in Canberra, where a lithograph by an um you know uh okay you know uh um uh uh unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on well uh like um um uh well you know so October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled so um okay you know like well um uh okay Exit 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to uh well I mean I mean uh so okay you know well balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul okay so um I mean like I mean you know I mean uh VI requesting to be released from the priesthood, in um uh so uh uh uh uh like so which he admitted molesting children across five states; the Pope uh um uh well you know uh okay uh so granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is like okay um like like okay well you know so not equivalent to the distance in normal space; two star you know uh well so uh uh um uh like systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar I mean like like I mean like okay you know um so Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming well uh okay okay I mean so uh like like of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and 'Sonnets you know okay you know you know I mean okay okay so uh to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence so so well uh uh okay you know uh so of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar you know uh okay um so you know okay okay well drafted a petition containing similar language to the convention resolutions, okay so uh okay so so okay well you know which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the car park, so so well I mean like uh uh I mean I mean and as one of them attempts to unlock the door with well well you know uh okay so you know like you know his key, they hear a strange noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught himself so so uh uh I mean so um okay um by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been uh well okay uh so like uh uh like related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World you know I mean okay um uh okay so um uh Cup and starring well - known football players from uh like so okay like so um well well national teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of like well okay so um so like you know um 'risk everything' - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by buses and um um well I mean I mean well um so so jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby routes, so well like well you know I mean uh okay um taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in I mean uh uh I mean okay you know like so well 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by um okay so so I mean well you know so like a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by I mean you know uh I mean so uh so um um the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well as so well like so well like you know I mean um on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for so okay uh okay well so you know like well pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read - okay um um um okay you know so like I mean throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First Division and I mean uh like you know um um um you know I mean they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', well uh okay like you know I mean uh well okay lit. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally you know um I mean uh so so uh uh like a poem written by Isak Saba that was published okay I mean so okay so well well okay okay in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from well okay so okay okay you know well like you know Rutgers University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling um like you know well okay you know so well uh to put to paper a series of I mean so okay you know you know um um uh you know captivating, colorful stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the um you know I mean you know um um um okay like founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half um uh um I mean well so you know well so - brother and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin okay you know like so okay I mean I mean um well Laden), he acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the okay like I mean like I mean like uh like well Iranian government's English - language TV channel until well you know like like okay well well well you know December 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the like well like uh like you know well I mean like breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do well like so I mean um like okay uh you know not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor like so you know well well uh I mean you know like as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an you know so um like uh like well you know you know British TV chef and actor he originally trained as a so uh uh I mean well like you know so uh chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara okay so um well okay um well you know I mean era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del well uh you know um like I mean so well uh Río Province and profits were initially robust enough that I mean well uh I mean okay well okay you know you know Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to uh you know I mean you know like well I mean I mean you know the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting you know so like I mean you know well I mean so I mean more crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away hunting so I mean so like um well okay like I mean for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal town of like uh uh well okay you know um you know well St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his friend and uh uh you know I mean uh you know okay okay you know instead joins forces with Yash to execute a plan against you know so okay you know well like well uh um Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, you know well uh okay like so well you know like because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening well okay like like so I mean um you know so and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater okay you know so you know okay well you know um so than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft okay well so okay okay uh I mean so so of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters okay like you know like um okay uh well you know of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the I mean uh like you know I mean like well well well species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, the um so okay like so you know well um well wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were I mean okay so uh so um so like um channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units um well so I mean um uh I mean okay um of the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the well uh you know well I mean um you know you know like Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and was ordained um well like like you know um well you know okay to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 1981, for I mean I mean okay like um like well like like the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her I mean I mean so um okay okay um I mean uh Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in well um uh I mean uh I mean you know you know so Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 I mean uh like um I mean I mean like like so prize for the longest flight from England to the Continent okay uh okay you know so like you know I mean well in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking I mean like well you know okay well like um um water from the reservoir to use for m mayor uh I mean like you know so well I mean well well William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, you know so so like you know so I mean you know I mean Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal um well well you know like so um you know like of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in uh I mean you know um so uh like like you know Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with like you know I mean you know so well okay you know okay the Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - um like um so okay well like um so 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more than so like um I mean so um uh okay so minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy is you know so uh I mean I mean I mean like uh I mean not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's I mean so okay okay uh like well um well death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and so uh well so uh well um uh I mean kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the so you know um well you know you know you know uh I mean John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the special collections I mean well well well I mean I mean so like uh built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency so like uh okay I mean okay like like okay medical services level with about half the firefighters like okay you know like uh I mean so uh uh being Certified First Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the you know uh uh you know I mean like okay like uh environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with well well like so okay like you know well um piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very much greater well okay I mean okay uh well well um so in West Africa than in the regions from which you know I mean so okay like so I mean I mean so the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely uh uh I mean you know um um uh I mean you know lucrative, and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South and uh you know uh I mean okay so so okay you know has helped the school reach academic excellence over the other like uh I mean um okay so like uh um two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to uh uh um okay you know so you know so I mean die for killing Tara or Katrina, but she and well like so like um uh so um so Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by um I mean you know I mean well so well so uh the Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat you know I mean okay um you know like I mean I mean well when the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election like uh I mean so I mean okay like uh like and won by a 16 % margin of victory in so so you know like I mean so so I mean so a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists like um like okay well um you know okay okay such as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is I mean okay well uh well uh well well like the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent so so so I mean I mean um so well like with her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, so um okay you know I mean well well you know well The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote the well like um uh you know like well uh I mean screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) I mean well okay well I mean I mean well okay uh was a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), uh well well so uh uh you know okay you know known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove okay you know like uh um you know I mean I mean I mean himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding well like um I mean well you know so um okay was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this I mean um I mean um okay like well you know okay is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in you know I mean like you know I mean I mean I mean like like areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a um uh I mean um okay I mean like um um plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain so um you know you know you know uh um okay so environments to test the effects of toxins on an well like okay uh okay so I mean okay you know ecosystem, which makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian uh I mean okay like I mean like so like uh Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the I mean uh I mean so uh you know so well so single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his okay um so so uh so okay you know uh tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and you know you know like you know well I mean um um like intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work like okay you know so uh like so I mean uh of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and you know uh you know you know like well um um like the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above I mean uh like um uh okay like I mean so Nephi, Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships well so you know um okay like you know okay I mean and alliances, such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from I mean okay I mean I mean uh I mean like uh so the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce and so okay well uh okay okay um um well none of which lasted more than three I mean okay um so okay um okay I mean um years, she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by Mark uh you know I mean you know okay uh well um so 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group released their um uh uh okay okay I mean like uh like debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage to so well I mean you know like I mean uh okay uh various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast Japan, and well well um uh I mean okay like okay so Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and like so like like you know like you know like um he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as so you know like you know um like like uh well well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which like um okay like like um um okay so worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and um okay like okay so you know like well like the American lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and her uh well um okay you know uh you know you know okay role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included you know okay well okay I mean you know you know um you know live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was like uh you know you know okay like you know uh uh no longer accepting GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs um uh okay you know well so uh uh okay jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have been I mean so so uh uh I mean uh well okay preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Road I mean okay um well okay well I mean okay so in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists uh uh like well like I mean I mean like uh of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for um so you know so well well um um like Weathertop, the hill on the East - West um um okay well okay um um okay okay road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various jobs uh I mean I mean you know I mean like uh I mean I mean including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and theatrical like you know well um uh well um well um agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red I mean I mean you know like you know I mean okay well um Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or um well okay you know you know like well um okay not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral so like like well um so well I mean like MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more so so you know um I mean like you know so well pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' than any okay you know okay okay I mean okay okay I mean like other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, you know like uh so I mean okay like so like growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 um uh well um like um like uh okay to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the University of well I mean you know um well well you know like so Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing at like um uh so uh um I mean okay okay the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first you know like like well uh okay so so um film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth so um well so okay well you know I mean well season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in Indian uh um um okay um I mean uh okay well economy in the globalisaton context was first of kind in I mean you know so like I mean I mean like uh well the country. The book in this area is two um you know you know uh well like so uh I mean volumes published with the co operation of 25 scholars so so you know so I mean well um well you know from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather okay you know well you know uh well like so uh who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and okay well so uh so I mean like um I mean as the Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron well okay you know I mean uh I mean uh uh okay punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for okay you know like um so so so uh you know a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today uh so okay you know uh you know like you know well is that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from uh uh well um um like so okay okay China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt was you know you know well okay uh I mean like well okay suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a I mean well like um okay I mean um okay uh large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of uh like you know okay you know so um like um national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored uh so you know like um um um I mean you know Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the Toms okay like I mean like like um I mean I mean okay River Regional Schools, a regional public school system primarily uh I mean uh well you know so I mean well uh in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since okay well uh I mean um well I mean okay um the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the city I mean so okay well um okay okay well okay and trade virtually stopped as people were like so okay I mean um you know uh you know okay fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil like um well okay okay you know I mean um okay to have won a national title - uh I mean okay okay I mean like okay uh like the 1973 Torneio do Povo and to have um you know well so uh um uh I mean I mean competed in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in this I mean well so I mean okay well um um okay sense -- in humans, there are believed to be you know um so so you know um okay well you know none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to well well well well um so you know I mean well fans, due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher like okay so like so uh like so um was unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel and I mean I mean well I mean I mean like you know okay so tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river 67km you know uh I mean you know you know uh so um well northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km southwest of Kadoma um um well okay um uh like um so by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a uh like so uh I mean um well well uh difficult, strictly monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was well okay like okay okay um so well uh captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from you know um okay um uh so okay okay uh Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of well well so um well um I mean so okay the Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces okay I mean like um uh like so like like Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a bombing like okay so so uh so okay I mean well in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson took you know I mean uh like um okay uh well okay 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, and after uh okay um well you know okay so I mean you know his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out you know uh so you know um I mean I mean uh uh their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, okay okay well so like okay uh like well a former track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the future uh okay um uh I mean like uh okay um domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an well uh you know you know uh so you know um uh escape attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county has you know um like I mean I mean well you know so you know a total area of, of which is land and (1 okay um okay you know um okay well uh well. 05 %) is water. T he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson um you know you know like okay well okay like um in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture out um I mean okay uh like well uh so you know of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are I mean I mean well so so um um you know well Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role okay um um I mean uh like like um uh and is considered an above - average skater okay you know well so I mean well you know okay uh he also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four uh you know uh like I mean um I mean like you know - of - a - kind and try to throw a um so um like well so so I mean well Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player should not well you know I mean uh okay so uh well you know keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he I mean um like uh well like well well okay will kill anyone who comes to find him before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were like um I mean you know um uh okay um okay regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige uh like you know like you know you know okay well like having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance uh you know uh uh uh well so uh like château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling I mean um okay uh so uh so okay um and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in you know okay so I mean I mean well I mean you know you know Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as much as I mean so well uh well well well like so 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, and I mean I mean so uh so um well okay um Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants so like um um like um okay I mean um and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign of you know like like you know uh I mean you know like I mean Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a you know okay uh uh um uh um like so newsletter of the Union of Clare Students which was so okay like you know so well so like you know padded out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a so um you know like uh well like so I mean weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate okay um um you know uh so you know so so in calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to so you know like you know I mean um I mean um okay Ca 2 +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), well so so so well like like you know I mean and automatic downstep, where a H following a L is well well so so um uh uh well uh always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in West I mean um okay well um okay so uh like Africa, which involved the pledge of a person so so um um so so I mean like um ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a I mean uh so so you know you know uh you know uh different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so I mean um you know um so well like I mean so that they are now more intelligent and can so I mean you know uh well I mean you know so I mean speak. They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for well so uh okay um you know you know you know uh the Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St like well uh well um I mean well well so. Petersburg, Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field so I mean uh okay well well you know so uh and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account that well uh um like like you know okay um I mean the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the sighting so like you know you know um like uh okay so until after they had landed and even had tea; I mean so okay I mean I mean uh okay I mean you know this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya you know like I mean well like okay I mean well um insinuated were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before enrolling you know you know uh well um like you know uh uh at the Prince of Wales Royal Military College in okay like I mean like so you know so you know well Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical I mean um so um okay you know so you know so manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 okay okay like um like um well so you know meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of succession so so okay um um like um okay I mean and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king well like like like well um like uh you know of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for um so okay like okay uh like you know like the Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and so uh well I mean uh I mean okay okay okay you can knock when it's your turn with 7 or less well so I mean okay okay well you know okay you know points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the you know well like well uh you know um so okay current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 uh so like um okay so okay I mean um from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles you know okay well well okay well I mean so like included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and Vice-Patriarch I mean you know well uh uh you know okay so uh and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; um um like I mean so I mean you know okay you know he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from you know uh okay so uh okay I mean okay uh the institute had collaborated with Laine on information you know like um you know you know like uh um uh by for his the book about the founder of like well well okay um well you know you know like the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell like well uh I mean you know well so I mean like of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, uh you know well so like um so you know uh 1947) was the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 so um uh you know you know okay you know well I mean to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again I mean well um you know uh okay well okay uh erupted after an Omaha police officer fatally shot a like you know um I mean you know like I mean okay you know teenager named Vivian Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading so okay you know uh so uh uh like uh to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New okay okay well so like um well um you know York Telephone before he was elected to the New York so okay so okay I mean well like I mean you know State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in I mean well um well so I mean um um uh 2007 then in 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 I mean you know well uh okay like like so um in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; uh so I mean like well well I mean you know um the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation uh well okay you know uh I mean I mean okay okay for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody tests of blood um um you know I mean okay okay I mean you know okay and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown that substantial numbers you know well well well okay okay so well uh of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the I mean well um well I mean so okay like I mean Glasgow and South Western Railway, but other companies made little I mean you know well you know well uh um okay you know use of it; however the general goods terminal uh I mean okay like uh I mean uh so like at College became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him you know uh okay so I mean like um uh well to escape and as his memory recovers he um um you know I mean well so uh you know um and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the live set - we okay like like uh okay okay well I mean I mean shot the video last week and invited a bunch of you know okay like uh I mean well uh well uh our friends and fans down to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' I mean I mean well so like you know um like um (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the Hump uh um like okay well so you know you know you know operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international relations you know so okay okay um I mean like okay well and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin you know so you know I mean okay I mean um well uh Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which okay like like okay um um well like so stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - okay well like um um like I mean you know you know Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later you know I mean uh well uh you know well well so After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who okay okay I mean uh uh I mean uh so well (Ibid) and spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other achievements um I mean so like I mean um um so so translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard uh so um you know I mean I mean well well so Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during his you know I mean like well I mean well like like well 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, you know okay um like I mean uh well um well Illinois, died 15 March 1950) was an American professional um like I mean I mean well so so so well pool player, a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards like you know I mean I mean okay well um so um Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was you know well I mean um well like you know so um co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch and uh I mean well okay I mean okay okay I mean like the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the well like um well like um like you know so NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure uh um so um okay you know okay so okay using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from okay so like okay well well well okay okay an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at least like um like um like um well um um one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest you know I mean uh um well okay um okay like (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' okay I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay I mean ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC as uh um okay you know so like you know okay so a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received okay um like um well you know you know uh uh an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent okay um so um you know like so um you know towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show I mean like I mean okay okay uh so like like a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on well um um like like you know so so well 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - um well uh I mean I mean I mean uh okay you know 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield uh uh you know uh you know like uh okay um and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on well I mean you know uh well uh like you know well behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of the title um like okay well okay like okay well I mean in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on like I mean uh I mean like um okay well like the FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a I mean well well I mean well so uh well so silver medal at the Pan American Games in uh well you know like so um like like uh Mar del Plata, and afterwards turned into okay like I mean okay so like so okay okay a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third like okay like you know uh uh okay you know like largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other you know I mean I mean um like so like uh uh product in the roofing market, so it is fitting that a so like I mean so okay well like um uh local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication (sintering) so um so um well okay like um um technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often confused with so okay um I mean well so okay um like the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, I mean uh uh like well so um so like and refers to the spears (there is a better, liturgical you know you know um okay you know I mean uh um well word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half well okay uh um so uh you know um so - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant uh like well well like I mean so um I mean coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was okay I mean like uh so you know okay okay you know heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American actor uh you know um I mean okay I mean I mean uh like best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical family in like you know um like okay um you know like uh Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the three children okay um um I mean I mean well you know I mean so of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial you know you know so uh well like um well okay killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American like I mean um you know like like so so like Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician you know so like I mean okay you know uh well um and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson uh um so like like so uh well um of Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry so um so I mean well well you know so I mean Hollis Bradford, later changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the I mean uh so uh uh okay like well well premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming so well um well you know so well um I mean from all around the world though the vast majority are okay I mean okay um well you know so like like Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one I mean well like so you know uh so well okay who gets into school, going from grade 1 - um well okay so uh uh like like okay 7 with students then expected to pass the exams like so so well uh well uh like okay set by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was like I mean um like like so like you know I mean marked for life by the horrors of the Revolution well uh like well well you know okay you know okay when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against well uh well like okay uh uh well I mean the authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, uh um uh you know like so like like uh six in men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira um I mean uh okay so um like like I mean college, until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney uh okay you know um uh um okay like uh Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the um um uh okay you know you know uh I mean I mean Frenchmen launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed um well okay you know uh okay okay um um on a surface - the STM image may so um so well like uh you know well uh appear to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at so you know uh well um uh you know uh well that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and many of so I mean so I mean okay okay okay so well his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics I mean so I mean so I mean I mean I mean uh like of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 okay uh so so so so you know like so April 1914) was an Australian politician who was a uh uh I mean um okay um uh like so member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar uh well uh okay I mean I mean um uh uh to that of Jan Be, who is also known for his okay okay like I mean I mean like so like like witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with so I mean so so okay okay um well like the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, okay um well well uh you know like uh so F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 1369 Bolingbroke okay you know okay um well you know so so you know Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry well well well I mean I mean so uh so like of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that I mean well well well you know like so I mean well she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, so well you know you know well okay okay uh so Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, in okay I mean so so you know like like I mean I mean May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from the so so I mean well uh so like okay I mean mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation from like um well okay so um well uh so Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted in okay um I mean like well like so well okay artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed like you know well I mean uh so well so okay in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the um I mean you know uh like um I mean uh okay barbarian tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his okay you know like so you know so you know um um Eastern campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and uh so well uh I mean so so I mean so some prose. Many og the writings were you know well I mean so well um like um I mean of high quality and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at like uh so you know I mean so like you know so Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and so like well I mean uh so well uh okay in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician of I mean you know I mean um you know okay um um I mean Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he I mean I mean I mean so you know okay well you know I mean is shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely boy you know so well well uh like like uh I mean when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard well um you know like I mean well um um well Croiset, a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was so uh I mean okay I mean like uh like well brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own um uh um okay like like you know so well right begins in the 6th century BC with the you know well I mean you know like uh like like I mean Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of well um uh you know you know well uh I mean okay love between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led I mean okay well I mean so uh so so okay to protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri okay you know uh so well okay well okay you know Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San Juan Hill um well so um um so you know I mean uh began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly won position like you know uh I mean you know like um you know like on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School from uh okay like okay like so like okay um 1919 to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 like um so like so like so so okay to 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based well so you know you know okay so well well I mean strategy game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and you know you know you know okay so okay uh you know so civilian police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II well uh uh you know okay okay okay uh you know of Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally well okay uh I mean um like you know you know like laid down their arms and received monetary compensation from the government and more like um I mean I mean okay like so like like than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move to Royal you know you know I mean well uh like um like so Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay ended his um okay okay I mean like okay so well like contract with the Belgian club at the end of well you know I mean you know well you know well uh so January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with the 106th uh like well well well um okay like so Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard which had been okay like um so you know um like you know well founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former um uh like okay so okay so so well WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he so so um um um I mean well well you know returned to New York in 1953 and started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, like uh uh I mean uh uh you know well so and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, the I mean so okay so okay uh uh um um fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released so I mean um like well um like um you know by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard of uh I mean uh okay uh okay um like well it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less than a like like um you know um um okay like uh duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being well okay well you know um well I mean you know okay called Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X Division I mean you know you know so so well uh I mean okay stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, uh okay you know you know so I mean I mean like okay leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and served as um so like you know you know you know uh um so the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of uh so okay like so so uh um I mean the period of secondary education and students who qualify well um okay you know you know like okay I mean I mean are allowed to pursue a two - year pre-university course; okay uh um like okay well you know okay so after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' so so you know so um you know I mean uh okay Jim Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of the uh um well I mean you know uh so uh you know Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as so well uh um okay so um okay like a registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of um like I mean I mean well you know okay well so Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - uh I mean so well you know well well well like top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different I mean so so well so okay you know okay uh periods of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary Festival um I mean so well um okay well um okay in Zürich and in June 2014, he took part in a okay um um so uh well uh uh like culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if the um I mean I mean I mean you know okay well um okay song is notably about Portland, although the uh well uh so okay well okay like um song may additionally be notable for other reasons too; like well um um um okay like so you know therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in I mean you know well well I mean okay well well okay PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with so okay I mean okay okay like like okay okay samples in them that have not been cleared, uh like uh okay I mean I mean like so I mean however there is generally no legal recourse because the mixtape like like uh I mean you know you know uh okay like is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created uh um I mean uh so okay okay well okay the new FM all - sports format and had so uh so um uh okay you know I mean so success against WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise that um uh I mean uh um you know like okay um until the mid 20th century houses were heated uh uh okay I mean so well I mean um I mean by open fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the well like okay okay uh I mean like um uh lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving on to like I mean uh uh um like okay so so Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first you know like um you know like okay I mean okay like semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V okay like so uh well um okay um so available with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre I mean okay well well um I mean uh um so engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance you know you know you know I mean um uh I mean like I mean than pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used I mean so you know like uh like you know uh uh to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try I mean you know um like well well okay you know well their hands at a ouija board, they don't realize at first you know um I mean well well um well you know okay that they have summonned a jinn, who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity was his like well I mean I mean you know like okay so okay post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, he um you know so um uh I mean uh so so would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which um um well um like like you know well um fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the uh well um I mean you know I mean you know I mean so IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, there was uh I mean you know I mean well like well you know like no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, so so you know I mean so uh like okay well there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named I mean well I mean like well um okay uh like jonkvrouw but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write um like uh well you know uh you know um well religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did and the okay well like okay I mean okay so um I mean tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any well well I mean I mean you know like so like so immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian um um you know okay I mean um okay okay uh academics, was that the material was pulled up from the well you know I mean you know so I mean so like uh offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south um uh well okay um okay so like um New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their so uh you know you know I mean you know well you know I mean houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it well I mean you know I mean I mean like uh um I mean would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original like okay I mean like I mean like okay um uh member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and you know okay um um you know well I mean you know you know sought out and found him; he lost his entire fortune and uh like like um like like well I mean okay became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to okay well well like I mean okay um I mean like the dragon, but the memory of tying her to so like I mean like uh okay uh well um the stake, awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, still um you know I mean I mean okay like so you know um sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End like so you know well you know like um okay well of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British okay so um uh um uh so you know um Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of Parliament so okay well uh so so well you know um (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at uh okay I mean uh uh I mean okay okay like the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious um uh I mean okay um like um uh okay to obtain the information from his mother but she never recognises um so you know you know I mean okay okay like you know him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest in the so you know well so okay you know I mean you know so mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River I mean well okay you know so well like so so Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and uh uh uh like like I mean you know like like Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the well uh like okay well okay you know okay um world, they do not show much; in a Christmas special Pinky you know like you know uh like so okay okay I mean even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and so well uh you know uh I mean um like so John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal leadership you know so so so uh like uh well so in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag so well uh uh I mean well okay well like year the second outing of Eight Women was far um uh well uh well well so well okay more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in um uh well well okay I mean I mean uh like Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the so like well like um okay uh you know um greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, painter, and like I mean I mean well you know uh um so I mean is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC um like uh like I mean okay okay like I mean soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does not stop you know so like I mean um like um uh you know here, since it bypasses using the center express tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal had um um so um uh well um uh okay allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, okay you know you know okay like okay um okay I mean The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two so um I mean I mean well okay okay you know I mean Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city I mean okay well so you know I mean so okay like of Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, like you know I mean um you know I mean so like well passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and okay I mean um uh like uh I mean okay so immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence like uh uh I mean so you know you know um so service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers so like um I mean um um I mean okay I mean -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south coast, bordering uh well well I mean you know so so um well the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded um okay I mean um like uh you know like um California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came into um well like like um well um well well the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such as the uh I mean you know you know uh okay um uh I mean local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, you know okay well you know uh okay I mean um like Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who made his debut so uh you know uh I mean well so so uh in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens so um like okay I mean so like so you know as 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in well like uh like um um uh uh I mean the English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be you know um so you know well you know you know uh like done in private, but the pagan priests said it could only so well like um well okay okay uh I mean be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) you know so um uh okay well okay okay so is an American former Major League Baseball second baseman who I mean uh you know well okay I mean like well you know played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, okay well well well you know well well so I mean and Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', well like well so you know you know I mean well like who was missing, put them in the goo as, you know I mean uh okay you know so like I mean like like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities okay you know um so well I mean well I mean like as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed as Asia's like um uh okay um like uh well okay first botanical garden, although it was predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and um so I mean like uh so okay um so track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at like so you know I mean I mean uh like I mean uh UFC 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring it so okay you know uh um so um so you know 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from so you know you know you know okay uh you know so you know Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died February 22, so so well uh okay well okay you know um 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock drummer so like um so so I mean like I mean you know and session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only okay like like um you know like um you know uh their opener, thus setting the record for most consecutive losses um I mean like like uh I mean um I mean uh during a single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies (NHS) well so uh well okay I mean so okay well has, since its founding in 1903, been at the forefront so I mean I mean uh well so well you know you know of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 uh like so like uh uh well you know uh from Nashville, Jim found a position at Marvel Comics um like okay I mean okay I mean like you know okay handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees like so well like uh I mean okay okay you know of Airbus Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of well okay um so um well I mean you know I mean being dishonest, and was accused of forcing some to sign um like okay I mean like okay okay um okay and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need uh well you know you know I mean well um uh I mean for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), so you know um um you know uh you know so uh among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United I mean I mean well so well uh so well like States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach uh I mean uh um uh okay um you know okay -- 5 December 1991) was a German so well so okay well like I mean okay um naval officer during World War II and recipient of uh um I mean so okay I mean um okay I mean the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two um like uh okay you know like I mean I mean you know album tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' um well so okay well well uh you know uh Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, featuring uh um like so um okay um you know well Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected well well um you know um well so so okay no life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she okay okay okay uh well I mean I mean so like spent a number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team you know so you know okay you know uh like well like that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in um I mean like okay you know um I mean uh okay 1801 due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a uh um so well so well um okay you know Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and well uh I mean um so I mean I mean you know I mean editorial board for the database and its network of over um I mean okay well uh you know you know um so 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld okay so uh uh well like um um you know Court, a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed so you know okay so I mean so you know like um 2. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who watched well I mean uh uh okay so um well you know on closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden like so okay okay well um like uh okay was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their I mean I mean okay uh okay like um like so 22nd team title in 24 years despite the you know um so I mean okay so okay uh so fact that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in English by so um um well you know you know you know like well the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia as the I mean um I mean so I mean uh well well so latter noun is used in philology and literature like uh well I mean uh okay okay I mean so and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with well like I mean okay uh so I mean okay um I - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown well like you know like uh okay like you know well Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to okay I mean like you know um uh I mean well uh his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to uh like uh I mean I mean well you know so you know TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding um well like okay um you know you know you know uh to the five forms of entry, And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, okay you know so well um okay so okay well ', in which he argued that the cockfight served um okay okay uh like okay I mean uh okay as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which okay so um um like um um you know you know judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of uh uh okay I mean well I mean well okay okay New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year I mean well uh so okay you know okay I mean you know - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - okay so um well you know uh okay I mean so Life 2', an amputated part of it exists as um well um okay you know so okay okay I mean an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first uh um well okay you know you know um okay so professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College of uh like uh you know uh well okay you know so Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police um okay I mean so you know um I mean you know so Department who is assigned to investigate the murder of a uh I mean uh so like okay I mean you know like young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body is found in like um you know I mean I mean I mean you know so well the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory so okay so like so um you know um you know where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock um so well I mean um so like so I mean Holliday who lived in a Western dimension did away so well like um uh okay so you know well with the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what like like I mean uh I mean okay uh so like nobody knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation um uh like like okay uh well um I mean program and after finding out that he had I mean so well uh uh I mean well um so only a few months left to live, he uh you know like uh I mean you know like you know so committed suicide on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a like you know like like you know uh so I mean I mean presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide like well okay like so um okay so um molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act I mean um okay I mean like uh okay you know well on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was well you know well um um okay you know so like quite normal for a fighter - sized target) and the well um um uh uh you know like uh so loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, well uh um so um um okay uh like that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter uh I mean I mean like I mean okay well uh like upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste (usually okay um like so um okay um um you know mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order I mean you know you know well like like like um um of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with you know well uh so you know so well okay um Paul Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album uh like okay well uh I mean like you know like featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in the 1980s for um I mean you know like well okay uh okay I mean grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied by several like okay so uh well okay like you know like bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for uh well like well you know so uh um like an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, uh like I mean um uh um you know I mean so to improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi like so uh um you know well uh okay you know Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of the uh well like so so I mean you know uh like city, at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or you know like uh I mean so um uh um so other obstacle the tank would stop and the rockets uh um like well I mean you know okay like so fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 acres that I mean uh I mean like you know you know well I mean um was split off the Simpsonville Mill property by the Simpsons well I mean you know so um okay so well uh in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services I mean okay well so um so okay you know well were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, okay um you know you know you know um I mean I mean you know a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old I mean you know I mean I mean so okay um um I mean friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place I mean okay well well I mean I mean I mean um well and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the opposing oxide I mean um you know I mean uh uh uh like well surface layer and cause damage to the underlying like like okay okay uh well I mean well like bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in you know I mean I mean um I mean I mean uh well you know the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a criminal I mean I mean so I mean okay uh well well okay or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died you know so okay uh okay uh I mean um I mean in London on 1 April 1899, following a longer um like well I mean like I mean so um okay term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological okay uh I mean I mean well so uh like I mean District is a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated like uh uh okay you know uh you know you know uh as such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent balloons, well like well you know uh okay you know uh okay known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the end well um I mean like okay um you know you know so of a defined track on a playing field which like well um well so so I mean like well consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky um like I mean um I mean okay like so okay or sandy and the football team found it difficult to uh uh okay well like okay um okay I mean schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food so okay okay um well I mean so like I mean find', and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over um like like you know well okay well well okay Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: Simon okay um I mean you know like so um um uh & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, 'according to her um uh uh so okay you know so so so Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in well uh I mean like uh I mean like okay uh older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the I mean you know you know so um um you know you know okay techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is well you know um you know okay so like okay so extremely high, with an estimated 229 km² of I mean like you know like you know I mean you know okay well evergreen forest lost in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon I mean I mean so well I mean you know I mean well um afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami okay you know okay so okay uh well you know like and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch well okay you know um well like okay uh I mean bricks and adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian like you know okay you know um like like so okay windows placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three I mean you know you know okay um um I mean like like main presenters on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe like um like so um well okay I mean so joined the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- I mean I mean so so I mean I mean well so like 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with a I mean like um like okay you know like so so 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and you know well you know like uh you know I mean so so released on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and well okay uh okay okay you know well uh I mean convicted him in absentia, and she forces him to agree um well I mean you know you know so okay I mean so to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties well uh like uh so okay like I mean so (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he briefly held um uh I mean so um like like like you know the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind Me well like well you know so uh so I mean so Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before announcing their split I mean well um uh um I mean I mean you know um in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, um I mean so like well well you know like so Torpedo Moscow was not reinstated in the Second Division and they okay well so so um uh uh so well played in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they um well I mean um I mean uh so so uh managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful I mean well um like I mean um you know like so function can now be seen to be carrying out I mean like well uh you know you know um well um these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us so so like like well um well like uh to ask new kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in 2007 you know uh um so you know um I mean um uh Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, like like I mean like like like you know so well Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later okay okay um um um um so uh you know evolved to be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over I mean I mean uh like uh I mean uh okay well 8000 runs in his career yet has failed to well well I mean you know so uh uh like uh catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, well like you know you know you know uh so uh um The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 January 1850, so you know like I mean uh so so I mean I mean a single line was open to public traffic through so uh so okay um I mean uh you know I mean these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part you know so uh uh um like like okay okay of various bands until deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the okay uh I mean you know you know well like so uh school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest of so I mean I mean well you know you know you know um I mean Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in okay uh uh well so like you know I mean so the Maine Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 - like uh uh okay uh okay okay like like 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing the player you know um well you know well so I mean I mean so to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this choice by well I mean so okay well you know you know well you know saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout the game do okay uh you know like I mean I mean well like like not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus you know I mean you know okay um so uh like okay often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and so um um uh like well I mean well um is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and uh you know um uh okay okay like okay so fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations uh okay well well um like you know so you know in Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze well I mean so uh like well like um well statuettes, bowls and other objects including statues, this being an um uh well okay I mean like well well okay indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of um you know I mean so well I mean um uh like seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose members identify like you know so so uh like well so like with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of like um I mean okay so okay I mean so so the end of the 2010 season, with ten, including best I mean well uh so like like so well you know single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of people well um okay okay okay uh like I mean so in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - um uh um so uh you know I mean well so al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully recover um uh I mean you know you know you know you know like okay and some parts of it remained icy, he was unable I mean okay well um um like well um I mean to return them to normal, he became afraid of it like I mean like okay so like I mean so um and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in um like so well like uh like um uh space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time crystals repeat you know so okay like um like well well so themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship like um you know I mean so like okay um okay with numerous academic papers and is probably best like uh I mean well like I mean um so well known for his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) well like uh so I mean um so well uh is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs I mean uh like like well well I mean like so in the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted so well well so so okay okay uh okay from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on I mean well um you know uh um uh uh uh items of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in okay um I mean um I mean like so well like doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Academy's well uh okay well well so like you know so former Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for well uh well um okay well I mean like um his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an um I mean you know I mean uh um so um so Egyptian - born writer, currently distinguished professor at the okay like like like uh well uh um okay Graduate Center of City University of New York, where well um um well uh so like well like he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers, a okay like you know well uh I mean uh you know uh frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student like like like I mean I mean uh okay you know okay and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to so um okay okay so I mean you know okay so print the name of current working directory, if the okay so like uh okay so I mean you know uh shell prompt does not show this, the um you know like okay okay I mean like I mean um user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to typeinfo, like um uh like uh so you know well I mean however, many compilers will not let you assign thsi okay I mean so uh so I mean like um like return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, like so um like you know well uh uh well a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, you know like well I mean uh I mean like like um instead of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', well um uh I mean okay so okay you know uh are there to reassure the invitee that there would okay um like I mean um uh uh you know you know be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning like well well uh um like so like okay as explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district ( well well um uh like uh like you know um 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), well like uh uh so you know like um okay is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals back well you know you know you know okay so so um uh in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford well okay you know so like so okay I mean well and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) well I mean okay so uh like so so I mean was an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer I mean you know I mean uh um um well you know like in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated um I mean uh well okay uh so well um Apollo Crews to qualify for the Money in the like like like so like like well uh um Bank ladder match at the Money in the Bank pay - so um uh uh I mean you know you know you know well per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city like I mean okay okay well so uh you know um of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy you know okay so like so I mean well you know well and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first you know uh you know okay you know okay uh okay you know headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis um um I mean I mean like okay um like uh of their personal appeal and also those candidates who so like I mean well so so so uh okay are sidelined by party political rivals within party but confident okay well I mean uh so okay like I mean I mean to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December so you know well um well like I mean I mean like 1996, currently i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e. G like um I mean okay okay so okay well like. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high like you know like like you know well you know um well - rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated so okay I mean okay you know you know like okay like ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - I mean I mean you know I mean well I mean so well well Sea, Essex and her love of acting began like well so well well so so I mean so with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to well well um uh um well like um well new allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' well like like I mean so um you know so well plan for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more uh I mean okay like like I mean like like uh reliable firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese so uh uh um well um well okay well drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an uh like I mean you know well so you know like I mean of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', well well well you know like you know I mean well I mean the primary star in the constellation Draco, which was like uh well um um like okay um like at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, uh I mean I mean uh uh you know like um um villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she like you know you know um so uh I mean I mean okay is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, like you know okay I mean um okay you know um um such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the Central okay like you know uh uh so I mean uh like American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, and so um I mean you know you know so I mean you know um they were divided into two groups, one you know like okay like I mean I mean so okay like with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain you know I mean okay okay okay okay like well you know and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known as okay you know so um well okay well well like Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 um um so well like okay okay I mean okay October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the Man in I mean like so um okay uh uh well like Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, you know uh okay um you know uh I mean okay I mean with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the scanning you know so you know um you know you know okay um like unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the uh I mean well okay I mean so uh so so position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon okay um I mean um well like uh well okay Fraternity He persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a so uh like okay you know well so so uh memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an so uh uh you know so well okay I mean well Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops uh like okay like well you know so um so from the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative I mean okay so uh like like well uh um is an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to so um you know uh like okay um I mean uh bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of I mean you know um well like um uh like I mean the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching you know so um so well well okay I mean I mean career as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November okay well okay well well okay I mean uh um 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general well uh I mean so um okay uh okay I mean who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated in so okay um you know well um I mean um I mean the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational bands well okay well well okay you know uh so okay and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider okay okay uh okay you know like well okay so and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next you know um so I mean okay um okay um you know month with a blush on his face, but you know like um like I mean uh okay uh well was reduced to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of okay uh like well uh so um uh uh posts in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the um well you know you know uh okay you know I mean like Continent for King Henry V. In 1429, he was like so you know you know uh okay I mean so uh elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in I mean I mean okay um um okay so like okay 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and later like so so um okay I mean okay like you know competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of like um you know so well okay uh I mean well embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the um like um so well so uh uh you know 2nd century A. D. It was replaced by the Panhellenion, you know I mean you know so like uh you know like like established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada Enterprises like I mean uh you know um so uh okay you know LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend well so you know okay uh I mean like well you know Kenny out of jail for $ 100, 000 uh so like um so so okay um well after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily well I mean so um um I mean well I mean I mean influenced by its success and sexual content, as its sexual - so uh I mean okay I mean uh like okay well explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and I mean I mean um like so okay you know well I mean led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World you know like okay like like you know you know um you know War the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used to like like I mean okay so uh you know I mean uh jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on well so like okay well okay well okay like Paris and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material so so I mean well I mean like so I mean like throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that so you know so like well so well well like began as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the you know um uh so like um like well so British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor who also okay like you know I mean you know I mean you know uh uh migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east uh like you know you know uh well okay um you know and west, it has traces of western sound um you know well um well so like I mean um like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, who um well I mean so well I mean um well so he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year well you know like um I mean uh okay like so of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious um like uh so well well so okay like clash of arms between Māori and the British settlers after uh uh well you know um well like okay I mean the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, so they uh well like well like I mean I mean so I mean may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the you know um okay so I mean well like you know um Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily armoured cavalry like uh okay uh uh well okay um you know were noblemen in which they underwent extensive exercises in warfare so so um um well uh well I mean um and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small um you know well so uh uh you know uh so seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November um um uh I mean um you know you know you know well 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but later so okay okay you know I mean uh um okay well stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to you know uh well um um um well well okay take responsibility and pull their kids out of uh okay so I mean you know you know okay okay I mean the activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then um so um well you know okay well I mean okay looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly caught okay you know I mean so um so well um so by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and her um okay well like you know um I mean you know I mean first solo exhibition opened in New York City I mean well I mean uh like well um uh so in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major so like so um well so I mean uh you know interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half well so you know like uh okay well well uh of the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under like you know like well like well um okay you know the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, cement, I mean so uh like well I mean uh okay so sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which is uh you know um you know um you know well you know so applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a well I mean well um you know I mean uh okay you know young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage and I mean you know I mean you know well okay so you know um significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, I mean um well okay you know okay you know like okay is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for so I mean you know like well okay so uh like the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the position I mean I mean well um uh like okay well I mean of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent so you know like like well so well um uh to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve world I mean like you know uh uh uh um I mean okay - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the uh I mean like okay um well like so so Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they so I mean you know um so well I mean well um turn a blind eye to his tactics when they I mean so like well you know well uh like uh need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down by uh um like I mean okay okay like I mean I mean the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is served by I mean I mean like you know um you know you know well okay Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and well so uh I mean okay you know um okay um double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a further okay um like like so uh um well well residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Charité, and I mean uh so well okay okay so uh okay subsequently became an assistant at the department for okay you know okay uh so well like so well the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 okay well okay uh well I mean um like so sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing um you know I mean um okay um like I mean well 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with you know you know okay okay um uh I mean okay so a website service designed so that users can learn languages online like uh okay like uh uh I mean well you know in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, so so you know uh you know you know like uh um and he had three brothers, two of whom died fighting so you know you know so well well um you know you know the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the um uh okay okay um um you know um um large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs you know you know well okay like like well uh okay like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor when I mean so okay you know uh okay I mean I mean uh he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - you know okay you know um okay uh well uh uh named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic series um um okay uh I mean okay um you know I mean called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of okay uh I mean well okay uh well like well solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, Jackie like you know um like um like um well um freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to figure well you know so okay like you know well I mean you know out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and uh okay so okay you know like so uh okay Morris be seen together around town; they liked each you know well I mean you know okay okay um you know um other and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the uh like um you know like well so I mean I mean 2009 - 2010 American sci - fi television series I mean well I mean I mean I mean well like I mean okay 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American okay um well you know I mean well so I mean so college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Coordinator well like um okay um well like okay like for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of well um like well I mean so okay I mean I mean their high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be more okay okay okay you know like uh so I mean I mean economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable batteries I mean okay okay uh you know well well um so may allow charging without removing the batteries; for example, a light okay you know uh well well like I mean well so kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses um well I mean um like uh I mean you know uh these requests in an episodic manner; during the course okay uh you know you know um you know okay I mean I mean of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an well uh you know I mean so so uh so I mean English professional football player and currently plays for Bristol well okay you know I mean I mean well um you know uh City, on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the so okay uh uh I mean you know uh well okay City of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of I mean you know I mean um um well okay I mean I mean the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, well um so you know you know you know like um like to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in the I mean okay well like you know um I mean so I mean 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians I mean uh so so uh well uh um uh in the Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and well uh um like well uh uh like okay sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks like you know so um I mean okay uh um okay from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, escort uh well okay so well you know like you know I mean carriers were part of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to you know so uh um I mean so I mean okay I mean school at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated like well I mean like you know so okay okay you know with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, like uh uh I mean like okay well you know so there is also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in 1954 uh uh I mean well okay like well like I mean with a degree in animal husbandry and then, as well you know I mean so I mean you know you know okay okay had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a yeshiva uh uh like you know um like okay um you know high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it is uh you know like well um uh like um okay known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped um you know okay well so I mean um well like as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and okay well like so uh well like so like Kotelny islands and ties them together into a single like so you know uh well like so you know um geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver you know okay okay well okay okay I mean so okay after steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of okay okay okay like you know so uh so okay time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made you know like so uh uh like okay okay uh before the start of the quiz and made be you know um so uh so well um so um available on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks so so um like uh uh okay okay um and recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint you know so um so uh okay okay okay okay - Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 like well okay you know okay um uh like I mean after the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales I mean um so well um like like uh I mean and very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton I mean well okay like uh okay uh uh I mean Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - you know uh you know you know you know well okay you know well return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was one of well um you know I mean so you know okay like so the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film is I mean so um um okay I mean so I mean um directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in you know I mean like like you know you know okay well well trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both like you know okay so I mean like like well uh the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 you know well so uh I mean I mean like I mean I mean and 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota you know uh like okay well um uh okay like in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented like well uh well um well you know I mean well President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter - well uh okay okay like um well I mean I mean day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his I mean well so so uh well uh um I mean denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being well so uh I mean well well um I mean okay the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most you know like like like I mean okay okay um so prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret uh I mean like well um uh okay well you know mounted amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, uh okay I mean um uh well so well like include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation like well I mean well um okay well okay so and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 like like I mean so well you know you know okay uh -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the um okay um like like um so like so title in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable you know um so okay uh well um I mean you know Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love I mean I mean well like I mean you know um uh uh with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged I mean um uh so I mean like um I mean like to Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial um like so like well well so you know so plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street you know I mean uh like I mean um okay um okay Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a fellow ninja so well okay okay like okay uh so so classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St um well so you know I mean okay I mean okay well. Petersburg was raided by police but after Glasnost the well uh uh um like okay well so well group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular so okay so so well so you know like um season of the National Football League is tentatively set to well like okay okay well um you know well I mean begin Thursday, September 4, 2014, with the defending Super so I mean so well so so like well uh Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin I mean um um uh well um like you know you know with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish plan well I mean like I mean you know I mean like you know like to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing cultural uh you know like so uh well so okay um treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, the I mean so well I mean I mean uh well um well most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family name you know I mean well you know I mean okay um I mean you know of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was you know okay so okay okay like um well so a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who you know well um so I mean well I mean like um graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing you know you know um uh uh uh well you know um on wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the well I mean like I mean um um well you know um members of the royal family which, along with well um I mean like well you know so you know so the governorship of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a well okay you know well okay like uh well okay reputation for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love uh okay uh you know um so uh like well to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and like uh so okay so okay like okay so later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting well um you know like you know uh like okay like for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due uh I mean so I mean so uh I mean well um to script differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, um I mean like well um you know you know so um ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 um um so well like I mean um well so until she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program so you know um uh like well uh I mean um starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, and uh um uh um okay uh uh um uh was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any uh I mean um like I mean you know you know well uh manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four um okay you know um okay so um so well solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be I mean well I mean okay I mean okay uh um like reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to learn you know you know so like I mean okay okay well like language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP well I mean like uh you know so uh you know so released by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the okay okay uh like you know you know okay like uh Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer okay like um I mean okay like I mean um you know of the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th you know okay I mean you know uh okay you know okay okay century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van you know uh um um you know okay so I mean you know Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - like well like I mean like um I mean you know well 2 on the regular season and earning a berth in okay like you know um like you know um well uh the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie well uh uh I mean uh I mean so you know well Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed his I mean uh you know um like so I mean you know you know outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and uh um uh you know like okay well so uh gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, well you know well like so okay so you know well whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is a okay okay uh uh okay well you know um okay Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays so um so um well um uh so well for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer currently serving as so okay okay so uh you know uh well well executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first like uh uh well uh you know I mean uh well blast furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 um you know um uh well like okay uh well seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; well well you know uh like you know well um so it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of well I mean so so like um so uh uh 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that I mean like you know well you know like I mean like okay one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick um okay uh well you know uh uh you know okay to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, you know uh um um um well like okay so who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President I mean um okay you know um well um like um Kennedy in 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the okay I mean uh so well you know so I mean okay young artist with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from like well so okay uh uh like like well the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained I mean um okay well okay um like you know so 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end of you know um like well you know like uh I mean um the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham okay like okay um okay um um well so for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with so um uh you know so like well you know uh a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear you know like you know okay um like I mean like like the same, by God there is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas you know like well uh you know so well I mean like and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the you know like I mean okay uh uh like uh uh Erie Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, okay you know okay well well um I mean okay okay in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales so like you know okay okay you know you know okay well of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by I mean um I mean I mean I mean well okay I mean well the central wing of the building comprising the Chief okay okay so like uh um um uh so Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in okay like so you know um like you know uh like West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the well like so well I mean I mean like well uh well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is well um okay you know well okay uh like I mean a retired American mixed martial artist who fought for the well um like um like you know I mean so uh UFC as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of the uh like like well well I mean um uh you know insulation over many years of energised service and at I mean like I mean you know okay you know well well you know present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in you know like I mean I mean uh I mean uh okay okay talks with BBC to get Torchwood back on TV, the uh like like so you know I mean like well um announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it I mean like um okay okay like um so well makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals I mean I mean well so uh well you know like like and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and so okay um well like okay so well you know his father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of okay well I mean uh so I mean uh okay okay his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use of you know you know uh like okay uh uh like um shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and uh okay um um um uh well um okay the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed uh I mean so you know like you know so okay uh president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes I mean um like so like like uh um well You See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', okay okay uh um I mean um like so you know and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter I mean I mean well uh well I mean uh well like would be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on February 5 um uh like so okay like I mean uh you know of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and then like uh I mean I mean well um um well I mean Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) you know um like so okay so um I mean um was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney General I mean like uh okay okay like well so well of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located uh so you know you know like I mean so um like at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of um uh so uh okay well well you know I mean the United States Air Force based out of the you know you know well you know I mean like well I mean so now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many uh uh so um uh so like well um different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - so you know uh um um you know um so um known and popular personality among the residents of his well uh um I mean uh uh like you know okay hometown, respected for his exploits as an All - okay I mean you know like you know okay um like okay American athlete and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure time, I mean you know okay um um I mean um well well using a photographic film with a higher ISO like uh so um like so okay I mean okay rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of so um so like I mean uh so so uh copies have been made of the originals, which are I mean I mean so uh I mean well um um um no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - Leaked uh um I mean um you know well I mean well uh on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and subject so I mean so uh like like okay you know so painter, had a large practice in London, and was a regular I mean okay so well well well well uh well exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The I mean um um um um well so uh uh Metropolitan Police Service and it was him who encouraged like well okay like I mean um uh okay like Goodwin to learn the piano from an early age which um you know uh you know like uh okay well you know would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, including like okay uh like well okay like uh okay the murder of its protagonist shortly after a moment of well uh you know so like okay well I mean like enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture like okay you know okay you know you know well well you know during the nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was uh I mean uh okay okay well um well so constructed by François Coignet in 1869 one week um um you know like I mean so like like I mean before the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) I mean well you know so like uh like you know so is a fictional character created by the author J okay like uh well uh well uh uh okay. K. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the well well I mean well uh okay um so so face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event okay I mean I mean um I mean okay well I mean you know held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and so you know um I mean I mean well like um um remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his like okay so I mean so okay like like okay site and Myspace, as well as during live shows like okay uh you know like I mean like I mean um he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch like like okay okay so okay um well um was working on a PlayStation 3 title called I mean I mean well so like uh I mean you know so 'inFamous', a sandbox game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic uh like um like you know um okay um um graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into you know okay okay I mean I mean like I mean like I mean Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with her I mean so you know okay uh uh uh you know you know father and allow her to take back her place okay I mean like so uh I mean um so so as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their like you know uh um I mean well well uh well Class A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last okay okay okay um well well uh you know well with the New York Yankees' Double - A Albany um you know so you know um you know I mean uh um - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the uh so uh uh uh uh okay uh like Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th century, um um okay um like I mean you know I mean you know most of the territory of present - day Albania became part I mean so so okay like okay so okay well of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during um uh um okay like so um okay like his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when he so I mean um okay well well uh like so returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both like like uh like so like um so I mean lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds that can I mean so I mean like like so uh I mean so have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE um I mean I mean um okay so um you know okay SmackDown Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament okay you know you know okay you know I mean you know okay okay to crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor Coleridge and uh I mean um okay okay I mean well so um the encounter, a life - changing event was subsequently uh well uh you know uh so like well um to exercise a profound influence on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, um uh I mean well I mean okay like well I mean who works with the Triangle Project and is so uh um you know uh well uh okay you know a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, okay you know I mean you know so I mean I mean I mean like born at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system so okay I mean you know I mean well well okay I mean the vehicle must be moving at a slow speed I mean um okay okay like uh you know okay like less than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, like so I mean uh I mean um okay well I mean and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where you know like well uh so well uh uh like he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black um okay like I mean like well I mean um okay Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated I mean so um like uh okay uh uh uh in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting okay okay you know you know you know you know so so you know favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress like okay like I mean well like I mean you know I mean / director Susan Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf um I mean like I mean you know I mean uh okay so moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' uh so okay like uh okay like um I mean singles, however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale of uh okay like uh you know so uh um like bonds, with the first issue planned to be around $ I mean okay okay you know so okay I mean so um 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to like um you know uh okay well I mean um I mean factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about their well well okay I mean well well uh you know you know factorization; for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on well um uh like uh well uh um like their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, assisted so uh so well okay so like uh so by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he so so I mean uh like you know like like well seems to have acquired a vocational interest in becoming so you know well well well well well like so a clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist you know uh like so you know uh uh uh so schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship you know like okay you know well you know well well I mean which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, um I mean um so okay like I mean um you know Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two decades uh okay so like um I mean I mean uh well Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still maintained a loyal um okay well I mean uh you know so I mean well following from his Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her so you know okay well okay I mean you know so I mean that they are not right for each other, prompting well like I mean uh you know you know okay like like Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree like I mean um so like well um uh I mean cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and handles um um like well like I mean um you know so 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television series well uh so uh uh so you know you know so 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 well uh like um um okay I mean um um September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, well you know I mean um um uh well so you know athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 okay so I mean you know uh so so well uh PCC streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later okay like um you know okay so uh uh okay work has included restoring PCC cars for use on you know I mean like so um okay um I mean I mean San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former okay well you know um you know so so you know uh professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only so so I mean okay you know I mean well like well one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to uh you know so I mean I mean so I mean um so it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, excommunicated Geoffrey, well you know well well um well you know I mean you know but on his deathbed, he became a monk at uh um well like uh you know so like like Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and like I mean uh like well I mean so uh um dramatic way, like a lost sheep for okay well so so I mean well okay uh I mean its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close I mean okay you know like like uh I mean I mean so by 2016, in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the um okay okay um um well you know well like area are at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic so so you know um you know uh you know you know I mean people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of um you know I mean you know I mean uh um you know I mean Māori and Samoan descent and played rugby union until he um I mean um so uh um um like okay was 14 - years - old, then making a switch okay okay you know you know I mean uh I mean I mean well to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, you know well you know like well uh uh so okay as their immediate area of influence was about and um uh I mean okay okay I mean um you know uh their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the West Coast uh well I mean like I mean you know you know you know you know division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap so you know uh um um okay um like you know Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i and uh I mean uh like um I mean um so um 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it is um uh you know like like okay okay well so advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as a um well well um so you know you know you know okay 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and so well okay I mean so you know you know okay so with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party of okay okay so um like uh uh like uh Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, so well you know uh you know like um okay um also known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to well well like um so uh like I mean um Puerto Rican parents at the age of ten Jimmy's well well okay like I mean so you know um like family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most populous like I mean you know uh okay okay I mean well uh urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' okay you know like I mean um uh well so so with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer okay um I mean well uh well I mean you know okay who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited well you know I mean so like um um um you know with popularizing the naked bike style of uh so like um um so well um okay motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned so well so so I mean you know well I mean like his books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his I mean well uh so okay okay like uh okay fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking up like I mean okay you know uh uh so so um and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor okay like I mean uh like okay well well um of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center well well you know okay well like okay um I mean & Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of okay okay I mean okay I mean like okay um like polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion through space okay well uh you know you know you know um uh uh impacts time: time slows down for the person who is uh um uh okay I mean like so so well moving but goes faster for the one who stands uh I mean um so uh okay like okay I mean still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of Glory' well okay um you know um I mean um like so (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are um um uh um okay so like like um simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', um okay so okay um uh okay um like since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD you know I mean okay like you know like I mean well I mean box set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between uh okay okay so okay uh okay uh I mean 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, well so uh I mean you know I mean so okay okay and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the first um so I mean okay so you know uh well like round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather I mean like uh well I mean well so uh well relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of the okay so you know uh uh uh uh okay I mean lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a you know you know well you know like like um uh you know person other than one of the songwriters or composers uh okay like um uh like I mean so okay and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two computer okay so uh so like well okay uh I mean discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he uh so well like I mean um okay like well had met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, I mean you know well uh okay so like you know well Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland okay like I mean I mean well um well uh like Yard, the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy uh I mean well okay you know like you know uh uh and the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' by the I mean like uh I mean I mean well uh okay I mean 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at like um so I mean okay you know I mean you know I mean the southern end of Wukang Road, on the okay I mean like you know um okay okay okay uh corner with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the I mean I mean like so like I mean well so so Hungarian - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording like well well uh like so well okay you know started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in um so okay well you know um like well okay on the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served I mean I mean like you know like okay so well uh as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Quayle um so well like you know okay uh uh so Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a okay I mean you know like uh well um um uh sour note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide like well well well uh okay uh so I mean hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World um you know well like you know I mean well you know so Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also be like you know okay um uh um I mean like um used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman okay well okay so well so well um like Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November you know um um um um you know okay so um 1965 ) is a Sudanese - born British actor, known okay uh okay uh so like well okay well by the stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest census, like so um so so you know you know I mean uh it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October 1982) well I mean well uh so like um um um was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk singer, like so so you know so uh well I mean so pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in you know like so okay I mean I mean um you know okay Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence of so um like so uh okay okay uh um Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, okay like um so you know well uh you know um one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew well uh like you know like so uh um um up in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became well you know um like okay okay I mean so uh too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, uh um so uh okay you know like like like the spider sequences were to be present near you know you know I mean like okay okay okay you know um the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, like okay um uh um okay uh uh um eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs well um so um okay like you know um you know are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured a like like you know you know well so um uh well scene in which Pee - wee Herman knocks over a like you know like okay so so uh well uh row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over I mean like you know um um okay okay I mean so the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the well so okay so well okay like so so Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son um like you know I mean well um like well like of the late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) um I mean I mean you know so okay well um so and Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built you know um so you know uh so so um uh entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on uh um okay um um um um uh uh four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', you know okay uh I mean um you know so like like the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of I mean uh well well I mean so well um uh Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is well I mean so so so like uh okay so the director of the National Resource Center on Supportive uh I mean you know you know okay okay like okay um Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & like uh uh okay okay um like you know well also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is um um well uh okay well okay you know I mean measured, is about 20 km from this place and okay I mean like so okay um okay like um Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a I mean okay you know well well uh like I mean okay 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park like you know uh well um like like you know like on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still well so you know you know I mean I mean well I mean um relatively easy to locate in the night sky; if so um um like uh okay um okay okay one finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown song um like like like uh you know okay well I mean first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out I mean uh I mean so well uh um so um in the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, well you know like so you know so okay uh um Wisconsin and bolstered by his new found status, Nelson so I mean um you know um so so you know uh boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American like I mean you know well you know um like um so football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be okay uh um um you know uh well so like a messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims like you know I mean I mean I mean so you know you know you know to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year okay uh like like um you know um I mean I mean jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient you know you know um um uh like well well I mean in extending basic needs to the poor than well I mean you know like like uh I mean uh um subsidizing supplies whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough well okay um you know uh like like like well to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided like okay well um well well you know so uh over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important irregular so so I mean like well okay so okay like marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls okay like um you know like like well like uh it an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', okay you know um uh you know um um um you know in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover so like so you know I mean like you know like uh features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia like like well like well uh you know you know you know on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, um I mean um like I mean I mean you know you know uh and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have seen so uh so like you know well you know so okay a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet okay I mean you know you know well well you know uh you know many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation um well so uh you know uh so so okay Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large I mean like so okay well okay uh like I mean data sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio I mean well so you know like uh um I mean like in 2009 to meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor you know uh like well okay you know like uh like at the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice you know okay um uh well uh like okay so as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of uh uh I mean um like well you know you know well the entry of German troops into Ukraine and returned uh I mean well um so well well like you know to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip is uh um okay uh um um so um you know mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the temperature, and by making well you know I mean uh so uh well okay well small adjustments to the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Fire like I mean um um uh okay so I mean um Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, okay um so uh so you know um okay well a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali so I mean you know like um well uh uh uh militia launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the uh you know so um okay so well uh okay First World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, well well well I mean um well I mean you know so the largest naval battle of the First World War I mean well so okay uh uh well well I mean and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the like uh like um well uh like um you know turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was so you know well well I mean um like like well operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate uh um okay well well you know so I mean uh and the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, removing like like I mean well you know I mean like you know like much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as off - I mean um well like okay you know like um I mean topic, media, and graphic arts forums and on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community I mean well well okay you know I mean like like um Sir Motiur Rahman suggested some of students to be um like I mean um you know I mean I mean you know uh active in this regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, okay uh uh uh um uh like so like which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples so okay you know you know okay like like so like and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on okay okay I mean so I mean um like uh so March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high okay I mean so like uh I mean um so uh plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on 27 okay so you know you know uh um I mean well well March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service on okay well uh you know like I mean um you know so 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of the like so well uh well well okay okay like North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, okay um like like like okay like I mean you know is a high melting white solid used like you know um I mean you know well you know I mean okay in high - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and um you know like you know like um like well okay thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a um so um so so you know um so so loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of well uh okay so so so so well like letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) so I mean okay uh I mean like so well okay was a U. S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of like you know um so uh you know I mean so uh the World' for always having an excuse on their well like I mean well I mean I mean well I mean uh shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development like you know you know okay well you know you know like well Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years old, well so well well uh you know like um you know and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes so like you know well okay you know you know okay so into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a so um uh um you know so you know so you know servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician you know okay well okay so um you know okay like from the Sunni Arab community, and member of um you know uh you know you know so well I mean you know Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of so I mean like so okay well um so um Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School so you know so okay I mean like like you know like in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and 'well well okay you know um you know you know well um like - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and you know like like uh so so I mean um so encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns um you know you know so you know uh okay like so - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles firing solid well uh uh so so okay like like um shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 - well so uh okay you know so uh okay so 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company well um uh well okay you know okay uh well she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from you know I mean okay you know so okay uh uh um year to year, and more contexts that are designed to um you know like I mean uh you know so I mean like be engaging to students as they make connections among mathematical like okay well like uh uh I mean okay uh topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian I mean well um okay okay well um you know so Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach Stone was like you know uh well um so um um I mean promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and okay uh uh like like so so I mean I mean smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still um uh okay um well well you know like you know elected as is every other sheriff in the state, so well you know okay so you know um like you know has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey you know you know so I mean um so um so so player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places you know you know so I mean um like um like um to gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, 000 um I mean uh I mean I mean so like you know okay visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported I mean um I mean um um um you know uh you know 12 killed, 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to the um so I mean I mean I mean so so okay okay fence, his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began uh okay you know um okay you know you know you know um to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in um well okay um you know so like I mean okay the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some you know you know well like uh I mean um um so local people have reportedly made a habit of killing these so I mean um okay um you know like um like spiders in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, I mean um so um I mean okay so like I mean pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as okay okay uh uh you know um uh so okay part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, and I mean so like I mean you know okay uh so so saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age uh you know uh I mean okay I mean well so okay 115 and 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - I mean so so well okay like I mean um uh Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on I mean well so okay well well so like I mean November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini well um I mean um like like I mean okay so changes career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure I mean well um uh um okay uh like so island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes I mean I mean okay I mean um so so um like are also on full display, but the album is so I mean uh I mean you know uh I mean okay you know most remarkable for the intimacy of the performance, with okay okay like well you know like well you know well Van Zandt taking the stage alone and accompanying himself you know uh like okay you know um so I mean you know on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but you know um like you know um you know so you know uh there is no penalty for failure to comply with it like you know so okay like I mean like so um and it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the uh uh I mean like well well okay so uh U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive uh like so like uh so okay I mean like enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed from so okay like you know um like like well like the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and replaced by um like okay you know well okay like um I mean Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer responsible for the you know well well like I mean I mean like so uh operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking um uh uh um uh like you know um uh about and spending time with the creature (played by Chris okay okay okay um uh I mean so like uh Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for so okay um I mean well okay well like okay the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in uh so uh you know I mean uh um uh you know the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - duty you know like um uh okay well so uh like transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 - you know okay so well well you know uh so like feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his best result, like like you know you know I mean okay so you know so sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that okay okay you know uh you know okay okay you know like Ace has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more equipment, okay uh um so uh uh well well you know meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting material well uh okay well well so I mean I mean okay is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely by allowing um you know okay so uh well okay so okay it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in well um I mean well like like well uh like the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and you know you know you know like like I mean uh well okay Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of like you know you know you know uh so so like okay declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from like like like I mean you know so okay um uh a holiday retreat in England and named the town he I mean okay um so I mean so okay I mean so surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, you know well I mean okay well I mean well well you know and natural sciences, a function of a real variable is um you know okay um like well um uh you know a function whose domain is the real numbers ℝ, more specifically you know okay you know uh so you know you know okay like the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing you know like you know well uh like um um you know this; the potential predator may desist when it knows it so like I mean uh uh okay I mean uh you know has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara um uh so I mean well okay you know okay well in Malibu, California featuring a male actor who so well okay uh um like like I mean you know she is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, so like um uh okay well like well um and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours well okay so well um like well okay um I put into going to places and taking pictures of so um um I mean so like okay well uh monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from um uh you know like well like okay um I mean rural areas and continued to neglect the US like I mean okay okay well you know uh I mean um agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout uh so uh uh okay like like you know uh the decade and would later be blamed as one um okay um you know well I mean you know so well of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the you know so um um uh so um so so Crestside neighborhood, for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office failure and many uh uh like uh um um uh uh you know reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by um so okay so uh like I mean well um Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in so um like okay like uh um uh well the January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round okay uh uh you know so well well uh okay Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before okay um um well you know like you know uh you know 1900... Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the 1989 NCAA you know like um um um well you know I mean you know Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and Switzerland well so so like you know I mean okay like um and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of um well um uh okay you know you know you know um 1970s based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to so uh like I mean uh uh I mean like you know participate and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a like um you know well well um um okay um new arena in San Francisco, but the arena never came uh so like I mean uh you know like so um to fruition, and the Seals played in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved okay okay um okay I mean like okay okay so his cousin from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank I mean like um uh um um you know you know um of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west bank like um okay um you know uh so so uh resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to okay like so okay I mean well um well like pursue a degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, so like so so okay um I mean uh I mean she confirms that will be studying at Southville International like so uh okay like I mean I mean you know well School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in um okay so okay you know um um so well counties Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, like like you know uh so so um like you know and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 you know well you know I mean so I mean like well um but found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without so so you know so well I mean I mean uh uh graduating to attend the California Institute of Technology, the following year, well um like so okay like well uh so where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army you know so like so well like um okay okay was named interim President of the Citadel, The Military College of um well so I mean you know I mean like uh uh South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected as the 16the so uh uh you know you know well I mean so um President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of I mean you know so uh I mean um I mean uh you know heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is okay um I mean okay okay like um I mean you know usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at I mean you know okay well well you know like I mean so some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria well um okay like um okay I mean so so generally don't harm the plant, but promote the you know well well you know well um so you know well formation of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone okay well like you know I mean so well I mean like which promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities um well uh so okay you know uh um um of the UAI, follows the progress of the various uh uh so well so well I mean I mean okay projects and supports the Bureau in its handling of the like you know like okay okay okay well uh I mean correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of I mean uh so okay I mean okay you know well I mean the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and okay so uh like okay well um you know uh made officer of the Legion of Honor ( like okay like I mean so well okay I mean like ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn um uh well uh uh so well okay you know State and graduated in 1991 the creator and like okay um like uh okay so so okay executive producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to so so like like you know uh uh like so Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his I mean okay uh I mean you know uh um so like daughter Zareena when they come to know that um well um like you know I mean I mean I mean you know Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were uh I mean um uh you know you know well uh like ranked No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the okay okay so um well um well um okay first time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an I mean uh okay okay so okay you know you know well Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda you know okay I mean well uh I mean so okay so County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down in May, well so uh so I mean um you know well I mean Atlus made another annoucment stating that the servers would uh so like um well okay you know um well stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged football okay you know okay uh uh okay um like okay fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 and July okay so well so you know like okay like like 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians of like I mean okay uh I mean like uh like so Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that like well you know I mean like um um you know uh are signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh so I mean okay you know well um so okay like (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only you know so okay you know so well uh I mean okay after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome you know okay well um so like uh I mean uh and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New you know okay so I mean like so I mean I mean I mean Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and acquiring well so um okay uh uh well um I mean over a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each presenting I mean well like you know well I mean I mean I mean okay a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave the uh so uh uh so um so okay well mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store was you know okay uh like um um like well you know soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp uh well I mean um well like well you know uh prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track like you know uh well okay so you know I mean um was used where one side heavily banked, and included like I mean um okay okay well I mean so okay obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has like okay um uh so like like okay you know been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University um uh okay okay like I mean you know um well that occurs in March, often in the week before okay um okay like I mean well okay um uh Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; so well I mean well like uh uh like so there is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which so well okay well okay I mean so well I mean seems to derive purely from the first letter of his monogram, I mean okay um okay uh like so you know well which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring um uh I mean so so like uh like I mean and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend so uh you know um well like well I mean so due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological um I mean well I mean well uh um uh well finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have okay so I mean um you know well okay like uh much recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a soldier uh I mean you know so okay you know well okay so who has fought in many bloody battles only to um well uh um well okay you know like uh return home to England as a beggar asking a so you know uh uh so so uh um like man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University of okay um well so okay so so uh like Florence and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab like uh okay um um you know uh so so - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably I mean you know um so so I mean okay um uh the biggest touch screen display ever used in a well well well well well okay I mean well I mean Philippine television show as well as a huge WAR like you know um well like okay like you know so (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted so well um so like so um like okay by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his uh so I mean I mean well you know um um you know friends whenever they needed him, in the end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted so uh like okay um uh I mean okay I mean as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; well I mean so um you know you know uh well okay to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used so you know um um I mean okay well okay uh by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be like okay uh I mean you know you know like uh like dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a okay I mean like like like I mean okay um I mean propeller - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features uh uh I mean I mean like so well uh uh 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, and okay uh uh like okay so uh you know like during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated streak to um um so well well uh well like so 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 - like uh so well like okay uh so I mean 64, and became undisputed leader of group C so uh like okay so um so well so. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal you know like I mean okay I mean uh so I mean well projections (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of I mean okay well well like okay you know uh uh the hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she I mean um like okay you know I mean well uh okay is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the um like like so okay okay um uh uh Mega Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own uh uh uh you know I mean like so uh like Illinois Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller seven / so uh okay well um like uh uh well eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and like um I mean I mean okay well so I mean so Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way uh like so like uh uh I mean so um. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and like well you know I mean so uh okay um I mean played four years of college soccer at Drexel University, like I mean uh so like uh like well you know before being drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme so um okay well you know um well like well despite her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem well okay well um I mean uh um you know like. Com member, they also had requisite knowledge to avoid okay okay well uh well like like you know uh future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com users by warning users well so like uh I mean um okay uh you know of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and usually resembles so okay uh like well okay you know so so the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged when like so uh uh I mean well um like like stationary but more visible when it moves about, at um I mean uh okay um uh well I mean uh which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on I mean well so you know I mean you know you know I mean okay Federal Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare uh okay so like so so uh so like Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee like I mean I mean okay uh like I mean uh okay on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, okay well well okay well so I mean well um Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and I mean uh um I mean I mean okay you know I mean okay the Southwest Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the college well uh you know okay well so well uh you know became nationally accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating like so you know you know um uh uh okay so prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of the Pacific um so okay so I mean so well well uh and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the well uh um you know well so I mean so um Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin okay okay I mean uh okay okay uh okay so and a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated in well I mean okay like you know like you know I mean well a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling uh like okay so okay you know you know uh you know contract in 1921, but, in part due to the costs of well um well okay I mean so you know uh you know rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on August 3, well you know uh like you know um well I mean well 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned you know you know well um so you know you know like okay small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black okay like I mean I mean okay uh okay you know like mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt so well uh well I mean I mean um uh uh basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, um okay well like um um okay you know okay Italy in 1790, generously on loan to him from the like so uh uh you know well so um well German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named I mean like well you know you know so you know like you know a prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with I mean okay well okay well I mean uh okay well Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky and you know I mean uh okay um um you know like so on the same day it was taken off of so um uh so okay uh so well you know Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), you know well like so so like like like I mean which was fought as the contest of succession between uh so uh um I mean well um you know um Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', um okay you know I mean you know uh okay I mean um prospect for gold in various locations in the U. S. , and like like so you know um um um like uh teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when her editor Robert um um um um you know so well well you know Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', she has been best so uh okay I mean okay you know I mean uh I mean known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents um so well uh I mean you know I mean you know uh of what their child is doing on social media sites is I mean okay well I mean I mean okay well I mean well a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on okay I mean like like okay you know uh I mean like average its performance is or even depending on I mean like okay like um okay like well well the random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and Harrogate College okay you know well okay okay so okay you know so and became the youngest Mayor in the country like like uh like like okay uh okay well in 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian um uh um uh I mean okay okay okay you know telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U okay like uh um so um well um uh. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the I mean okay so okay like so well okay so California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have like like like you know like okay you know so um used the character, sometimes with great results -- for so so well uh well um so you know well example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd um um you know well like well um um uh 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard okay like like well I mean you know um um you know for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, you know so okay you know I mean um um like uh and may even be the third most well uh well like okay uh okay well I mean common trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth decay um um okay I mean like um uh well like and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, uh you know okay you know like you know um well uh but Jerry just pats him on the head again, then uh uh I mean um um okay uh um you know blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in uh well so um um so okay okay um 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet um um well like well you know uh like you know concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used uh um um uh you know uh like you know well per acre of land to confuse male insects about I mean I mean so I mean I mean like well I mean okay the location of their female partners, it can thus so well well well I mean okay okay so like serve as a lure in traps to okay well like so well so well uh so effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it uh you know so uh okay um so uh I mean was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery bombardment like I mean I mean so okay okay like um uh of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - free um well so I mean um um I mean so like resultant which it is useful both conceptually and okay you know you know um um uh I mean uh you know practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was I mean uh um I mean I mean I mean so um um awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions well so okay you know you know well so like uh at the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one like I mean so like I mean um you know well you know in Wales, which is part of the military okay uh I mean I mean uh I mean like you know like is wholly Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for uh okay um you know you know like okay well uh aircraft crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a well uh okay uh so uh um well like staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, um like okay well well you know um um um originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a so um well okay like I mean okay um well tropical plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation you know you know okay you know uh I mean I mean so like and a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India you know uh um you know uh well so well uh which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d um uh well I mean like I mean so so you know. 1942) was a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after well um okay I mean so um like um so 1919 an official of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin well like you know um okay um uh so so Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' you know uh well okay uh okay so so um speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its you know um so I mean like well um uh okay architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of the few okay okay so uh well well well um well places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby well um you know uh um okay I mean um so Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who were well you know okay you know like um so well you know also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then I mean I mean uh I mean um so you know okay um Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner well like I mean um I mean so you know I mean you know represents the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving I mean uh like um I mean okay like like okay for excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a okay like uh you know well you know okay okay like ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in well I mean I mean you know so okay I mean I mean well Chicago, IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', um okay you know uh so I mean I mean um okay a new version of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, uh uh well okay okay you know I mean well uh for the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial I mean so um um well like well um I mean operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the um you know uh uh I mean you know well okay uh Tate Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson okay um so uh uh um um well um Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a I mean well well like um uh so um like three part short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV like well well like okay you know um you know okay in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane you know uh like like I mean like like so you know with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration well so I mean like you know well you know I mean you know suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are you know so well I mean okay okay like I mean well living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the okay like well I mean so okay you know so um crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase his well like uh uh okay you know I mean I mean I mean fourth state title at the helm of the okay uh well uh I mean you know um you know I mean Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about okay like I mean I mean you know like um I mean I mean a young boy, who dies and then his favourite math uh uh well like okay well so I mean um teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American like I mean I mean so I mean you know I mean okay like country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their like you know you know okay like you know uh you know I mean actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, um so like like well like you know uh well after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two okay well you know you know uh so you know okay um majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been so so I mean well you know um well um you know at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day um well you know like like okay you know uh um by an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American okay well okay okay well um like um like actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season so uh um I mean um I mean like okay well 20 winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles I mean so you know you know okay uh you know I mean well Hornbrook who helped him with his work, acting as a skilled well uh so like like like okay uh like technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending like you know I mean um I mean so so okay uh to a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and like okay okay well so okay like uh uh ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child you know you know okay like so um uh uh I mean fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the well uh okay um I mean uh I mean you know so Bishop Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming okay so okay well like so okay I mean like the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at his family um well I mean um okay okay uh okay um farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - time so so um like I mean uh okay uh you know substitute for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away draw I mean um like um okay so like um well with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before um well um like like okay like well you know being recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to you know um okay like you know so I mean I mean like scavenge what he can on a beached ship, so well okay like okay so well you know you know leaving his son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and so um uh uh like I mean I mean I mean uh 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to his so so you know like uh um I mean I mean I mean family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing like uh like so like like you know well uh Editor and before that, Editor of the FT's Continental um I mean I mean so you know you know I mean uh uh European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed so uh so okay well okay like like you know US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell uh so okay okay uh um you know I mean uh and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond white; you know um so um I mean I mean like well okay these broad streaks broad are divided only by the um okay um you know I mean I mean I mean I mean uh black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that okay um uh well so you know um uh you know usually involves closing or holding the arms around the neck, you know I mean you know well well you know well you know like back, or waist of another person; if more than uh you know um like you know like well um um two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they I mean um uh okay so uh you know well like can not continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet uh like so uh I mean uh uh you know you know when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with added like well you know well like you know like uh so enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition and pH you know I mean like okay uh you know well you know uh. Invertases and s into honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a like uh like uh well okay so uh so former water polo player who won a silver medal for so well well um you know like okay well like the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where okay like I mean okay well so well so so her daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down like so so uh like you know like okay like entirely on the highway, even going so far as I mean you know like uh so so you know like like to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his own like okay like I mean you know I mean so okay I mean ends while the original Heat attempted to protect her: okay so well um okay so um uh you know when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked you know I mean you know I mean uh like like uh okay to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the so so well you know you know um like I mean I mean law, and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that um well you know like um so okay uh um the state would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline like you know so well uh okay uh I mean I mean signing and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 uh I mean like I mean so well okay like like A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote okay okay you know like um like you know I mean like 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker like okay uh like uh so okay so you know culture named after the shape of their typical clay uh well I mean I mean okay uh okay I mean well vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one so well you know okay okay I mean well I mean uh of the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, so I mean I mean I mean like so I mean uh okay apart from P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory you know well well so I mean uh okay like I mean in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and well uh okay uh um well like uh well cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani like uh well like I mean um like uh like people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on uh well so I mean I mean uh okay so I mean Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance so uh I mean um um um okay um like and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an okay well so I mean okay okay well you know uh Icelandic footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa uh I mean um like so uh like well well and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in Ireland, like I mean like um okay uh so you know um he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three okay so like well well I mean so I mean like kids, two cats and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants um um you know well okay so like you know okay to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb well okay uh you know well well like I mean I mean Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, who okay so I mean like um well uh so well designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in you know like like I mean I mean um uh like like the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording well so okay you know okay so you know like um artist Nicki Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, well so okay well okay so um you know uh much of the language and traditions had been either like like okay um um uh um I mean you know corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia like okay uh so like like so you know you know (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen to well uh um uh like so I mean you know well serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane and okay um uh so um I mean like I mean I mean Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the okay I mean you know so like you know you know so like former head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction in large okay okay okay well so you know um like you know ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from so well I mean uh you know um like so I mean water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out like okay so so I mean like uh uh so of high school, and began working as a gas station so um uh um okay um like I mean okay attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked for okay uh I mean you know you know so so you know I mean follow - up action to the president of the okay okay so uh so okay so okay uh college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From 7 uh um you know you know you know so okay well like July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 uh well um I mean you know well so so well flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant well like uh okay I mean um uh I mean um it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and um um okay like I mean I mean like so um express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, so I mean well um um you know well so um though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on like I mean so okay so um okay like okay 3 June 2010 and was released as the third and like uh uh you know okay you know you know so like final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James um so uh you know you know okay uh okay uh Greaves and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a I mean um uh you know okay like um um well record of 13 times and they are second overall you know I mean uh so uh uh okay like um with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and so like like I mean okay you know um okay so 1986, lasting seven issues, and it filled an I mean uh well so uh well like like um important role at the time, giving new creators a I mean like okay well well so okay like well chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and so you know so um well um like like you know in the studio with other artists have been extensive and like so uh so okay uh uh you know I mean he has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, like okay so you know so I mean so like like Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations listed by um uh like I mean you know you know okay okay uh the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić well um okay well well you know um okay you know (née Joanides), was the mother of son of King Milan okay okay okay so like so uh well okay Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', well well I mean well uh um well you know okay the show can be seen for thirty minutes and okay so uh so you know like I mean um like competes with another half - hour production airing at the so so like um so like I mean so uh same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, okay like like well okay well you know well like that in the nativity scene the statue of the you know well okay I mean like you know um like I mean baby Jesus shows him standing and there are three well I mean um so like um okay like like crosses depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with um like well I mean like you know uh I mean um some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and like okay well um you know like okay I mean you know nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson I mean like okay so you know I mean like um um County was formed and a year later it was like um so I mean I mean so okay well so renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded I mean so um so you know okay so okay so its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church uh um um uh okay so so well well in Blackpool, while in the Lake District village uh like like well okay so I mean so like of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational so uh you know so well um okay so well and academic courses which can be taken at various academic okay I mean um uh okay uh well you know so and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health uh um well I mean you know like like you know you know and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a um you know you know you know like I mean well um so three - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead okay like you know uh um you know so um okay of the four year maximum as it allotted him the so you know so well I mean uh uh uh um option of seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the well well well you know like so so okay so leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, like I mean like I mean you know you know like you know uh had again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from well I mean uh like uh you know um uh okay the Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes you know okay um I mean okay so okay well like of the city, including Native American, art deco, well you know so um you know you know I mean so um and contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players you know okay um uh uh I mean okay um I mean and would have been lost when it nearly met okay I mean I mean so okay so I mean okay so its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United like I mean uh uh so um uh you know um States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, the I mean you know I mean uh um um so like like code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of okay okay you know well okay you know I mean like okay Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya okay you know I mean you know like I mean uh you know you know and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their I mean well I mean um you know you know I mean okay I mean career opportunities these students expect that a degree from um okay so um um uh uh so I mean a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still you know well um okay like well well uh um produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and you know so okay uh I mean uh well um I mean the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS like uh you know you know you know okay you know I mean um 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when she like like um okay okay so well like I mean came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 I mean okay you know you know okay uh um um well by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at well uh so um I mean I mean um I mean like the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held well uh so uh so uh um well so in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first so okay okay you know so okay well um so units of the United States Marines Corps to like so uh uh okay well well I mean like participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Steven like I mean you know well you know um so like well Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost so well like uh um like well um um Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is okay I mean um okay you know I mean you know okay like a New Zealand politician and leader of the populist New okay I mean okay well uh I mean I mean I mean um Zealand First party which he founded in 1993, okay um you know uh you know I mean uh um you know and served as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in well uh uh uh I mean like you know I mean well and made the highest score of his career, his I mean I mean um okay so well like you know like 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania okay well you know I mean um I mean you know uh you know in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the okay uh um so well um so okay I mean location of the bandstand demolished during the second world war, okay uh you know well I mean so I mean like like and as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's um like I mean well like I mean okay I mean uh palace, fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare um okay so so like okay I mean like well bright spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent you know okay I mean uh well I mean uh I mean okay from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 million well like I mean uh okay uh well um uh and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - so you know um like like you know you know okay okay Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown you know you know you know uh I mean so okay uh you know worked on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned well you know uh like uh okay so okay okay to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, okay like so I mean you know okay I mean so um Harari or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the okay I mean okay okay I mean I mean so uh so sheltered lee of the Bonaire, has the same geological history, um okay uh you know well okay uh I mean like and while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is you know okay you know like so well you know well well pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on uh so okay you know uh I mean so well I mean December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the North um okay so like um well well like you know East of England and Scotland, in addition to a lot of non-Buddhist um I mean okay okay I mean um uh you know so groups and individual visitors, including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende you know uh um I mean so well you know you know I mean Neubauten ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, okay okay I mean so well like I mean okay um and since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by I mean you know like so I mean um well uh um Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of Oregon, the um okay so okay okay uh like uh um early economic orientation of Lake County was like so you know well um okay well you know I mean toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San Francisco I mean well you know well so so so I mean so Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled like okay so you know like you know well well um from her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution in Pakistan um well uh okay you know well well like like was conceived in New York, USA in the mid of you know like okay I mean so uh like so okay 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, the um like you know um you know like uh you know okay present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who you know um well I mean you know I mean you know I mean uh held Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land like so well uh well I mean okay so so in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business office with well I mean um um okay uh I mean well I mean several windows and a fireplace used by Dr. This also served like uh uh so okay I mean um like well as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' Xbiex, okay um uh so um uh okay like you know also back then part of Sliema, by the same okay um so I mean you know like okay well so Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and the exact I mean so I mean so uh so so so well location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, 1884, so okay so okay I mean you know okay I mean uh starting out as a weekly newspaper, after the paper was acquired so uh uh you know like um you know like so by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches at so I mean you know like okay like you know like you know DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her I mean um um well uh okay well well um lover, and used her as a messenger, asking okay um okay um so okay I mean so um her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England okay so okay like well I mean like uh you know captain, but he was replaced as Test captain by okay like like um okay so well uh well Jardine, who was not a popular choice; the selectors like like okay okay okay like well so so chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from like like okay um um I mean like you know so Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek heritage through um um like I mean um okay well so so her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the feed industry um you know well you know well okay you know like uh where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability okay uh um okay like you know so um you know to maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed you know like you know uh okay you know okay so you know captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, like uh well like I mean you know um well like and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town so well well uh so like um so you know and commune of north - western France, in the 'département' of I mean you know you know you know uh you know uh okay um Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province I mean um I mean like okay you know well um um (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the you know I mean uh you know well well you know I mean I mean School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its presence I mean um you know well um so um like you know on its surroundings in an expression of the family's um okay I mean you know like so okay so okay power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character uh um I mean you know well okay um uh I mean of the same title created by Len Wein and well so okay so okay um well okay well Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent I mean so well like so um um like um films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail you know well so um um um so you know well trade sector have 13 % of the population working you know you know uh I mean okay so um uh like within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son I mean like well I mean uh um uh um um Roger were all aboard the balloon; the two adults I mean like okay you know like well well you know uh died when the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Tilleard okay so you know like you know okay okay you know um Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 at a okay you know uh um uh um you know so uh cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded okay like like uh you know um like uh well with a special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that uh uh okay uh okay okay like so well was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or not well uh so uh like uh uh so you know the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen okay you know okay okay so well um um uh whom she met in the city, she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about uh um uh you know I mean um uh I mean um Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely based so uh uh okay I mean uh um you know okay on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and tells like okay you know um like like okay so like the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy so you know you know I mean you know I mean I mean um I mean Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing you know like uh um so um well well um video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published um okay well so uh uh I mean like like by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego well okay um you know like like uh you know so located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and uh I mean well uh uh well uh uh so father of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives in uh you know um so well okay I mean so like a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the like you know well like okay um uh well um Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was uh okay so well I mean um like like okay unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back okay okay you know well um you know well well you know to Australia along with the 9th Division, landing in so like um like um okay um well you know Brisbane on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored like okay like um well well so so so and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view of the you know so well so you know okay uh you know you know insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects had like I mean uh like I mean so you know I mean okay preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C.) Emporer you know so like okay well you know well well you know Jing established an administration in Dangyang on an areas of 2000 you know uh I mean uh like like well um you know square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love I mean you know uh so you know you know you know like um with Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist well so like like okay you know like I mean well blessed items, which is originated, used for raising fund in okay okay well um well like well uh well order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- actor so uh you know um like like okay well you know and former Governor of California as host; the show's former so uh okay um okay uh you know well uh host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave um like I mean well I mean I mean you know well okay 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the U. S so I mean like I mean um well so like um. Marines, who had recently been driven out of Los um uh uh so well so like so um Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along so I mean you know okay so like so uh like with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active in uh you know like uh uh um like uh uh the late 11th and early 12th centuries, and is well I mean like well um um uh um I mean classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined uh okay well so uh I mean so you know I mean the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the well so well okay uh like I mean like okay Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it I mean so uh okay well like you know I mean well but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are you know uh okay okay like um okay you know like very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and okay I mean you know I mean like so I mean so I mean the first senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal like okay uh so like I mean well you know okay Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the uh uh you know so I mean um well okay like number of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear uh um um okay you know so like you know like in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the you know like I mean uh okay okay well I mean like Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool and well you know I mean um I mean um you know well okay relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being so so you know you know like like okay okay okay uh weak can't open the lip gloss; in a okay uh okay um uh I mean I mean you know okay montage of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's I mean I mean like um uh um I mean so well bones sticking out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by Lockie, I mean you know I mean well so okay like like like and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season well well uh well um I mean well okay well you know and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a um you know like well okay okay uh so um Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place like well um I mean uh you know you know I mean uh name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor you know well you know like so like okay so um of the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews so um like uh you know okay like so so left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the so uh okay um okay um like so like chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley okay okay uh um you know like well you know you know 'Shortly after the team published its first results in 1940, well um um well uh okay like like you know Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or uh uh I mean you know so so uh uh like meteorite impact event located in between or to the east of I mean uh uh okay uh like okay well um Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced like I mean you know like well okay okay so um values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 - I mean so well like um well well you know I mean 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, you know so I mean well okay I mean um um I mean and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book - keeping, okay so so okay okay um so uh so conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself uh you know you know okay uh I mean um uh okay and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, you know so uh so uh so so okay um while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and the um you know well so like okay like uh I mean cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 I mean you know like so well uh you know so okay and entered Michigan State University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace like uh okay you know you know uh like well so owned by Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft I mean I mean you know uh um so uh uh so Square, Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard I mean uh um like uh um uh so like in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores uh like um okay you know um well okay well by the Kroll and Hunter process es. The I mean well so like I mean uh like so um most common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, but uh okay so uh so you know I mean you know um Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January like um you know like like uh uh I mean I mean 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a police service okay um uh you know I mean like you know like um weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals well um I mean well like um like uh like were born in the water, by the influence of so uh um um okay okay you know well okay the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human being well okay uh um so uh like like well was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other I mean uh uh um so you know you know um okay animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named um I mean uh well okay like okay you know uh 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its okay well like okay like so okay okay I mean design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the like so okay okay I mean okay uh so um Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and I mean so okay uh um okay okay I mean um officially on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 um uh you know like well I mean okay okay well the Department of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set uh well you know like so um I mean you know like at, for example, 15 ° relative to the I mean um well like uh so you know uh um apparent wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page um okay well um um uh um you know you know listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a colourless um I mean okay um um like like okay like to white (although often coloured by impurities, like iron well you know um so okay um you know you know well substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate well uh um so I mean I mean so so so mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and uh okay okay okay you know um I mean um so the town has held it every year since; however, I mean I mean um um so you know well so so the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 so you know I mean like you know uh well uh well A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of uh like uh you know like okay I mean so like himself and used to burn whoever opposes him with you know uh like well well well I mean okay you know fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess um um okay um like um okay like I mean degradative chitinases related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Plains okay like okay like okay okay okay you know uh in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed you know so I mean okay you know you know okay well like BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing the okay like so you know well so so okay I mean BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life to um so like uh uh you know so okay well Live' all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps In okay well like uh I mean uh well uh like Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during the life like like okay uh like like I mean uh I mean of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number of well well well you know um you know so well you know adherents of Islam has lived in Asia and specially South um uh okay uh you know you know I mean okay so and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 uh okay well um I mean well like I mean you know locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the uh you know uh okay okay well well I mean um fifth series of 'The X Factor Australia', covered like uh like so uh well like I mean um it in his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high well um like um you know um I mean I mean you know jump behind Irving Baxter of the United States, and the so so so I mean I mean you know okay I mean so bronze medal in the long jump behind Alvin so well well well so um well so okay Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth I mean um I mean um I mean I mean um well so place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha uh you know uh you know I mean you know like so you know - Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The Committee so well like uh you know uh I mean okay well for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in securing the like well um um um uh you know well um right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division 1 well like uh so um um you know so I mean College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it I mean I mean uh like like um you know um I mean may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though the mean well okay um you know okay okay so um okay trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 I mean okay like uh so okay okay um so DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the books I mean well like like you know I mean uh so I mean sell more than a million copies annually, several you know okay um I mean um well you know I mean well new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know what so okay I mean you know um like so um so to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the informant was so uh um like well uh um well um immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran so okay okay well so I mean like okay I mean alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it so um I mean well okay well you know okay you know was the first permanent Spanish military center, but the um I mean okay I mean well uh you know I mean like Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried um um I mean uh you know so well I mean uh BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, uh well like okay um so well I mean okay and an RfC, then when that didn't work, we well well you know so so you know well uh like worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase so like well well I mean so like okay like approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately uh you know you know so I mean so okay um so ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies well um like okay I mean uh um okay so overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in um you know well uh you know well I mean so I mean 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper um okay okay you know well uh um like so - class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English um I mean like well okay um like I mean okay actress, best known for her role as I mean so so well you know uh um I mean uh Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New you know um well you know uh like like well um York City, United States; however, the brand is far more famous well uh so okay like you know I mean so okay in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to the well uh well uh um uh so okay you know mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next year to you know okay I mean so well you know okay uh like Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison okay okay um you know I mean you know well um well which was the site of abuse and executions of okay um uh uh well um okay I mean um political dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse um um you know well well okay okay you know well of prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the well uh you know okay um like okay um um demonym for Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, uh I mean so I mean so you know so I mean well Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best I mean like uh so uh like um um you know known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators well okay uh uh okay uh you know you know you know and Designers Association in 1966 and after merging with the International well okay like I mean well you know well okay I mean Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by over 17, um like like like so well like so I mean 000 people, who paid up to $ 50 I mean well like so well okay I mean like you know for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian football um like so I mean like so okay so uh running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy documents; well so uh well so so you know well like less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), so well well um uh uh you know you know like also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de uh well like well I mean um like so you know St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near um uh well so okay so so well uh Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A I mean so okay like so like so like so doctrine which originates in the degradation of the individual whose uh so you know you know you know I mean I mean um okay elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic entities um well okay okay you know well well like uh such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by um uh like uh you know like okay um so a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass you know you know like um okay okay I mean okay uh as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, um um okay so um like um uh I mean a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed I mean I mean I mean so okay so um I mean I mean live on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer you know well well I mean okay um so uh um who played in the 1930s, playing at representative level for like so like I mean so I mean okay um okay England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately forty square mile uh uh well you know so you know you know like you know town twent - four hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through I mean you know you know like uh you know uh okay okay the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, I mean okay uh so so um like um okay 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, well um um okay well I mean like I mean you know who played a key role during the freedom movement, was you know you know uh uh so um okay well um closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family okay I mean like well so well like you know you know was first recognized by the crown during the reign of I mean well so so so you know like like uh Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, um um well well uh you know like you know you know an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George I mean I mean okay well okay uh okay you know like Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied uh well so I mean well so um okay like repeatedly for it: it seems that he was actually I mean okay I mean um uh so well you know okay promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in the you know uh you know well okay um okay um so Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major party so well like like I mean okay like well um presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama by so um um I mean you know so you know you know you know 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) I mean uh okay so so so um okay so is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September okay uh like okay uh okay uh I mean you know 1939 Ireland was in no position to become involved, in um so uh um uh like so like um fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of you know so you know so uh uh uh you know so the infectious disease and public health community, in I mean you know um so you know uh okay um uh the US particularly their professional organizations like the IDSA, the um uh so you know um well like you know okay PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 so so so I mean so I mean so like you know May 2017) was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic um uh okay okay okay well uh so well champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world um okay like I mean I mean you know so so so record - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered I mean okay uh like uh uh um um you know on the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed you know okay well like like um so so so down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New so so you know you know okay uh okay well okay Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball player okay okay uh I mean well um um I mean um who currently plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 well you know um like I mean so you know so well by the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, well like you know well um um um like okay in West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and like okay okay I mean well um you know like okay they are not a recognized pure - breed in the okay um um so so like um well I mean Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers and specialist breeders like so um I mean you know I mean you know like well keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri officially like I mean I mean well like uh uh you know I mean moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah you know uh uh well um you know okay um um likened Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice so uh I mean well um so so uh um Stewart gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing like well uh so well so you know like well that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is a uh you know so I mean okay well okay like like failure as businessman and has steered the catering so um so you know you know uh you know uh like business bestowed to him by his father to the brink um so like so I mean well um um um of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of I mean uh I mean I mean so okay um well well return (ERR) is a rate of return used in um uh I mean so you know uh I mean like like capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined you know uh like okay well I mean um so so with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought well okay okay like okay uh you know um okay out bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured like I mean um you know so you know uh like um in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles on the well um um I mean okay uh uh well um ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the final of okay uh like like okay you know so okay well the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and the uh I mean well like like well uh well so semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been you know so so you know okay well um like like whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the well uh uh um well like okay uh so 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and I mean well okay so okay uh you know well um the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), so um I mean you know okay so like I mean well the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a so you know uh you know so okay okay so uh Welsh television, film, stage and voice actress who well so so okay I mean well I mean I mean uh graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of his okay uh you know okay you know um so okay um subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and you know uh I mean like okay like okay uh uh performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in the okay well well I mean you know you know um you know um Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed I mean you know so you know um okay I mean well um to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in the uh well well um like I mean um you know okay fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an improved you know you know I mean um I mean um well like I mean version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a uh like so um well I mean well okay so Canadian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing so like like you know well you know I mean okay well for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for I mean uh well okay well okay like okay you know CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise like like well okay well I mean you know well so in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's daughter so so okay well okay you know I mean I mean okay then wlks under the decking and Alex imtandly follows after I mean you know like I mean well you know um you know well a gun shot is heard when she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application you know so um I mean so well um okay I mean Less Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which is uh uh you know like so okay so well you know a customer relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and like okay well so I mean I mean well uh like rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John I mean I mean okay uh okay uh like okay uh Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough okay so I mean I mean I mean well okay um I mean of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, well okay you know okay you know um uh you know so the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of um okay okay uh okay you know so like I mean captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham who um um like I mean uh so okay uh well both appeared for England on 5 March 1892 and okay you know I mean I mean so like like well um the most recent player to be capped while with okay well you know you know okay uh like well well United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and like um so um well like uh you know you know final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and um uh so uh I mean like like like so settles into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between okay okay um so I mean so so so I mean the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, and finishing so well I mean like okay so um okay well twelfth on the money list to regain his um uh well um well you know like uh well PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may um uh well uh so um I mean well like be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the like like so um um you know like I mean you know breed to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the well um uh like well you know you know I mean you know name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show well okay you know so so uh so uh um - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to uh I mean so uh I mean uh okay I mean okay spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based in well uh um um you know I mean um like you know Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that government, so well uh like like okay like so like commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when okay uh okay like well um um okay so Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim like like um uh I mean I mean so you know so is to communicate to do a good cultural, social well well okay so well I mean okay um well activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September 1984 like well okay well I mean well so um okay by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of Indian you know so I mean um um like well um um origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a um well so so like uh well you know uh memorial brass placed in All Saints church in Durston you know okay well so well um like um okay which includes a picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat uh like like I mean so well you know um okay and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next you know you know like um well well you know well okay to him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even break okay so okay okay well uh well well I mean apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti I mean you know well I mean so like like um I mean Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station so well okay well like okay uh I mean I mean is said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned so uh like um like okay well like I mean above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a Swedish I mean like I mean I mean I mean um like well I mean singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests I mean okay okay uh so like uh so so twelve were killed during the The War of Power, due to okay well okay I mean you know okay you know I mean well arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that there well like um you know you know so so I mean um were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained uh well you know well so well so well I mean by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having witnessed I mean like you know I mean like um like well like as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius uh so like you know like um like you know I mean W. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee was uh I mean okay like I mean like so uh so the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was like uh I mean well like um I mean um I mean granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December I mean like well I mean well I mean so so uh 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, um you know you know like um um you know well I mean an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for you know you know uh I mean okay um you know well uh their first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two you know like uh well like you know like um um star as Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a uh I mean you know uh you know you know um you know okay business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes well so I mean um so you know well uh you know (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the okay you know you know so uh I mean well uh I mean fourth - place candidate and a Republican member of so okay like okay I mean you know like you know um the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical um well you know you know you know okay um uh I mean institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves I mean uh you know okay uh well uh uh um students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an uh you know uh well um you know okay um okay affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at Gravesend, so uh so uh so like you know okay you know New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 uh I mean okay I mean um so um well I mean and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it moved like um I mean so you know well you know well okay to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to okay well okay so you know uh uh um you know the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World you know like you know well okay like like okay okay War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied Europe, this was okay like um uh like well I mean you know uh the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player well uh so you know um okay uh I mean um selected in the NFL draft, and it is a well so you know I mean well um well uh uh parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry so you know like you know well you know like you know uh Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and you know I mean well so well okay um like well Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the second uh well I mean well you know you know okay I mean like Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to like you know well um I mean well I mean like okay Rod in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - I mean okay like you know you know like well I mean well laden boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated, I mean like so okay like um uh well okay catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in 2008 well you know like like well so uh well so and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the like I mean okay like well I mean you know so you know city of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over uh okay I mean you know you know I mean uh uh uh 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary Western like uh well okay well you know well you know you know setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' era that okay okay I mean so okay like I mean well uh allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into okay I mean you know I mean like okay you know uh um the new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, so um well like you know uh uh so so but instead chose to run in the newly configured 6th district, uh okay okay well so okay so I mean well where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent established so um like you know uh well like I mean like the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal to the you know like like okay well you know I mean well um citizens in which they expressed the wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, and well I mean um like you know I mean I mean I mean you know 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko like um uh um so like um okay um (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the okay you know well like you know like so um uh Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka Sarvas, and well so I mean like uh you know I mean so okay since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent um well uh um like um uh okay like or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted amalgamation you know I mean well okay I mean okay I mean um you know of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him into like so like um well well you know I mean you know a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his uh okay uh um well you know uh so um insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC so like you know you know you know so like like um Symphony Orchestra in 1948, the same year he okay I mean I mean you know uh so like uh um became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it you know well so I mean well well like uh I mean the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a I mean well you know so uh like I mean okay like pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom 'Leave I mean so um uh you know I mean well I mean I mean It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was well so uh I mean I mean okay you know you know like launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was well you know uh so so you know um well I mean the man to lead and entry to Tibet might be you know you know okay you know so um well well uh possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some um like um well so so okay well you know of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is an English uh I mean um so you know so so you know uh professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, so so um okay uh I mean so uh um playing at representative level for Wales, and at club you know you know well uh I mean like um uh you know level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that it uh I mean I mean um um you know like well so will have some of its mobile phones made in India, uh well so um I mean okay well so um and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry uh you know so okay okay so um you know I mean is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation by Iran so uh I mean I mean well uh like you know uh to retake the Dezful - Shush area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her last you know um I mean um so um uh well like rock - oriented album of the 1980s, before she would well okay okay I mean so well you know you know okay go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' um okay like I mean okay like uh okay uh was made, but the only member of the band featured was well okay so um like well I mean you know um Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic um um so um so uh um um you know Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former uh uh so you know um like like well well American football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to move okay I mean well you know like well you know so I mean to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children by you know okay well like okay um um okay okay her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon you know like I mean so you know uh like well well Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 I mean I mean so well so um well well like in Avignon, Vaucluse), who changed her name to Mazarine you know uh like uh I mean so um okay okay Marie Pingeot - Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer so like well well uh like okay you know uh and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government in June well so like okay you know okay okay well uh 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced both Circulars well well so like okay so okay you know like with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink um okay you know um um so well you know uh to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club well I mean like um okay okay you know you know okay struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable I mean okay like uh like I mean um I mean okay comeback in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners you know okay like um you know um okay um okay in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters and was well I mean uh I mean um um uh uh so featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come Out With uh um okay like uh well so um so Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - you know okay I mean like um so so you know so 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, I mean I mean okay okay like um okay uh I mean however even today it is unknown who was I mean so okay okay you know like so you know so responsible some point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it would be better if like so well so well well like so like low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established well like like um well okay well um uh the Roya Film House and under this banner produced more so like okay um uh well I mean so um than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made like okay okay I mean um I mean you know like like with a hand plane or other method of wood removal and like okay um like okay well well so I mean the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but uh I mean like you know like I mean uh I mean you know the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth okay you know um I mean you know I mean um okay like ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which uh you know you know okay I mean okay I mean so so also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an like so like uh well I mean so well like American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor uh so I mean uh well you know I mean okay like mountain, and had been thought to be the highest point like okay uh well like you know so you know so in Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that was called okay so I mean well okay like um like so Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / Ionides um so I mean so um I mean well um well (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis I mean okay you know like you know uh like you know well (1784 -- 1857), who had set I mean like so uh like well so uh um up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the um okay like uh okay um okay you know like voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be well okay like okay you know like um so I mean found the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay uh um so you know okay you know like I mean I mean its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry like okay okay okay well I mean like you know I mean owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack his um I mean okay you know I mean uh well okay um hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned uh so well okay I mean um you know you know so Albanian Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a uh uh I mean um like so um um um call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 you know okay like uh like so like um um - seat Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to so um like okay uh uh you know I mean so London's West End at the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre I mean like okay okay so I mean like um okay for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th I mean so like so so so uh um I mean Shawwal 1372 AH / 25 June 1953) was merely so um uh well so um well I mean uh 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and I mean I mean okay like I mean okay well um well was later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the you know well um like uh um uh like so first he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed one you know so well well like um like like uh night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George like well well okay I mean you know well I mean um Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied um well uh you know okay I mean so I mean you know Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which can um well so well well well you know uh I mean be used to advance your position in discussion about the well uh I mean um well I mean um I mean so topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or if you know I mean you know okay um I mean uh well uh your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 well so like uh well like um uh like energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, whose so so you know you know so um um you know so businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are not I mean so okay so so so uh so okay authentic but cheap knock - offs (as the boys um well so uh so um um I mean I mean originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der okay um like you know uh well so I mean well Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never so um uh well I mean I mean so uh like translated into English ), in which he recounted 100 well I mean okay um well you know like um like or so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American well okay like um well you know like you know like rock band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in um uh okay you know well uh um I mean uh the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing away you know like um well you know well uh I mean like on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German Cross so well um uh you know like okay uh well in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical land so you know so well I mean uh so like I mean of Gensokyo is once again at peace until yōkai begin to swarm so okay um um like so I mean you know okay the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy cavalry, um well so well uh you know okay so uh and a similar number of infantry, from which around 1000 uh well I mean okay um well um okay uh cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May um like uh well um okay I mean uh um 1926 constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and uh um like um like well okay you know well was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 like okay um okay um I mean um I mean well - 1981 during this time he was a starter for like like I mean well so so well like okay the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which okay like like um like I mean uh so you know was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government well like okay uh I mean you know so okay I mean Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from um okay like like um uh I mean so like 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect apparently centered so like you know okay uh I mean you know I mean so in the areas of Coele - Syria, Galilee and Samaria, like I mean I mean uh uh so um um um essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually so you know so you know you know I mean I mean uh you know simultaneously in the Judean Hills in front of Nablus and like okay uh so okay um um I mean so at crossings of the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth I mean you know like you know uh you know like you know I mean Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest so uh okay uh you know so okay so you know daily Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, enters um okay um well you know so I mean uh well the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north I mean okay um I mean well uh uh I mean I mean of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 okay like so um like well like I mean okay km (12 miles) south - west of well I mean so um um like okay I mean you know Medjez - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by the I mean like you know like so so I mean uh okay Army of the Soviet Union during World War II you know okay you know uh so uh well you know well. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded like so you know um so okay uh like I mean on the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible uh I mean uh I mean okay you know okay um uh wheel impact conditions are flawed in the sense that these like I mean so uh I mean like okay you know I mean sensors would not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, so I mean I mean uh so like so like so lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood like I mean like well uh I mean um okay so known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in like okay like so okay okay you know uh like your face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but has succesfully okay uh like so I mean okay like you know uh found a cult audience in the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered I mean well like I mean so um so like like nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm uh well um um well you know you know I mean well. The local governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, so you know you know so so you know like you know uh biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who uh well um well I mean okay uh like well in 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her writings you know like you know okay well so well so um and also began to advance the terminology to describe her you know so well you know you know so uh you know uh approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly like so I mean like well like I mean well uh used by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the so you know you know okay so uh like um so line the pioneers were digging under was subjected to okay I mean okay I mean like uh so well okay a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during uh well you know so okay so you know okay okay which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time like um okay I mean um like you know okay you know strategy and role - playing video game okay so so I mean okay uh okay okay well created by German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to well so so um uh well uh you know uh their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to you know you know uh well okay well like well well the boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a you know well I mean so like well uh so so general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before okay I mean okay uh uh like um okay well moving to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others well I mean uh like okay you know uh uh uh in the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, uh like um okay I mean uh so like okay and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological uh okay okay okay so um um you know like organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' uh so well I mean I mean okay well um well in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is well I mean well uh like you know uh uh um secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this um so uh so okay well um okay you know has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder okay like okay like I mean uh uh I mean I mean of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he like like you know uh well um uh uh I mean vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead of embedded you know well so well um like um you know uh shortwave troughs, which are of smft within the uh uh well so uh I mean like well well troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan uh you know like uh um uh okay like so to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master I mean like okay okay I mean well um um okay craftsman Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, well uh uh uh like um uh okay you know Who had learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print like I mean I mean okay like like I mean I mean uh by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two years uh okay you know I mean um I mean I mean well I mean later; police have said others were involved in what they okay you know um you know like like okay um okay consider a murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter divorce well so you know um I mean uh you know so um from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, and uh uh like um um I mean like so like the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse I mean I mean okay like like um I mean uh well the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of a major bleeding I mean like um like you know I mean okay you know well event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than like well okay uh you know like like okay um Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC I mean well well well uh well uh you know okay 202, but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in okay like well uh like okay um okay well Lac La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver okay like so okay so so I mean you know uh medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is shown um okay so like you know so so so like to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by like well I mean uh okay okay well like like Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of like like uh like um well um okay okay direction in the line as it jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject you know well uh uh okay okay uh well well to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo uh um well like um um like like I mean to sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, so okay um okay well like I mean okay um but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro high School you know you know uh like like okay I mean I mean okay in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum you know okay okay like like um um so so Vitae', which appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as like you know uh okay um uh uh you know okay the work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead so well you know well well you know uh uh I mean of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' I mean I mean you know uh well um okay well I mean and also voiced a variety of comic superheroes and um you know okay okay I mean well well you know um villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha um like I mean so you know okay uh like so O Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr. T uh um you know like okay okay uh okay like and Pain played football at Brown University and Mike okay like you know you know uh I mean like so you know Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie I mean well okay well well okay I mean okay uh was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, I mean well um uh okay well you know well so and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in well like well so um I mean so so um removing everything of value from their victims, and often went okay I mean okay well you know well well okay like further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of uh um uh um so okay so you know well Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the I mean um I mean I mean you know well okay okay you know daughter of a well - to - do family, and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a you know okay like uh so like um I mean like knife salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold like uh uh you know I mean um well uh like Simpson a 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made knife um like um so you know like I mean like well similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect for well um so I mean so you know um okay so the first time and concedes that the interpersonal aspects well I mean like I mean I mean like like I mean like of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status by I mean I mean so like okay okay uh uh you know the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years okay um I mean you know like so okay like so in diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show okay so like uh uh you know uh I mean okay the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in okay I mean I mean I mean like so I mean okay so AC / DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots um so uh you know I mean well okay okay well were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also um I mean you know I mean like I mean like um like ethical traditions and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems so so I mean um so um uh you know so always impose trained judges who are presumed to have an ethical I mean okay like so you know like like like you know relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of like like uh okay I mean um well okay um the Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, okay okay you know uh um uh so so well Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found okay like uh um uh uh okay so uh only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt uh I mean I mean I mean um I mean I mean okay um leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while supporting the approach you know uh I mean you know um okay I mean so well of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University of well like okay um well so well so you know Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor like like I mean okay well I mean okay um I mean of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and so okay like well okay I mean um uh well the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, well I mean okay well uh like uh I mean uh tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for the okay so like so well like okay like well Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants okay I mean like like well well so I mean uh arriving from Turkey has advanced through the league system uh like like well okay I mean like so I mean and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring uh like uh uh you know um uh um okay semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks like um well uh like well well you know um and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages okay um okay uh you know okay like I mean so and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And in so like you know like well I mean uh like I mean the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb I mean you know uh you know you know okay um um like squad robot, with the robot placing it in a you know well like like uh I mean so so uh 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his like well you know well um like you know so uh studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later well uh um well okay like uh well okay enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, uh um okay I mean okay okay so well I mean covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the like okay okay you know okay um so okay okay two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is to build uh well like you know um like okay I mean um up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with okay you know uh well I mean um like like well the development of family - focused initiatives and programmes to like so like okay um so uh well you know strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, like like well uh like okay um I mean well Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his first well like okay well like um so you know uh IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another I mean um uh I mean okay um um okay you know Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and so like uh I mean okay uh okay um uh Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of sustained first okay um well um I mean I mean so you know well - person perspective in film as a reason for its absence I mean um I mean like um well like uh like from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old manager you know uh you know you know okay like um I mean okay an easy ride and let him add to the three uh okay uh you know so so uh I mean so title success he had managed them to in his you know um uh so you know uh um like okay time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such uh okay uh so I mean you know uh I mean you know talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing you know like like well I mean like like you know um distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce I mean I mean I mean okay well um so um um the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura I mean um uh um so um um well uh marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - I mean I mean okay so like so I mean okay so propelled artillery and trucks, in many cases the division made I mean so okay you know so um like so I mean use of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged well you know like well like okay you know uh well and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in like I mean I mean um I mean I mean I mean okay like eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the like um um I mean well uh uh well um former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the Doce so I mean uh you know like you know um you know so Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of the uh so so um I mean so I mean um well American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown, well okay uh so so so um so um Ohio, and is shaping up to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish 'Ollscoil uh you know well um like well okay well I mean na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a I mean like well well like so like well you know tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans okay okay uh so well so okay you know well drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on okay I mean uh well like so so uh so 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 okay uh uh you know I mean so uh like like -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the okay like you know okay well like uh okay so fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) um well you know okay so you know well like you know is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang okay so like okay so you know I mean okay like Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to one well um so um well I mean I mean uh I mean year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission like so like so well um you know um well approved nomination of the building for the National Register uh like um well okay like I mean you know um of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided like like you know well so well I mean you know uh to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed uh uh like uh well uh okay I mean like in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 loyalists you know I mean I mean uh like I mean like you know well sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen okay I mean I mean like you know you know well uh uh as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when so like so like uh well I mean okay uh she realizes that she is pregnant with her second you know so so I mean uh okay I mean so you know child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as okay so okay uh uh so so well okay well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at well well you know so I mean okay uh well uh RailAmerica as well, although the ownership of FEC and okay uh like so well okay okay like um RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the spinoff well I mean um you know I mean well well uh you know of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions I mean okay okay like I mean um you know um uh of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat so like um well I mean you know uh okay you know in Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, I mean uh uh well uh you know um um so as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year okay okay I mean like well you know like okay uh - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer so I mean you know like uh so so okay uh from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions F so like so so okay uh okay I mean okay. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and so well well I mean I mean okay so well okay if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid a okay you know I mean um like you know like like uh flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team of FK I mean okay um um so well so like I mean Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in 1998 I mean uh like you know well I mean I mean you know you know with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, okay like so so so like you know you know well consisting of separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General well like okay uh I mean you know okay I mean okay Manager of the UIC and went on to publish um you know you know well okay um I mean okay I mean several books, including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to so like like um like um like you know well Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and available uh so uh so so uh well well okay in the United States, while the GZ125 is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast I mean um um well you know so uh I mean you know Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect um well like okay um I mean uh well um to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the I mean like so I mean like uh so I mean I mean country on many international visits. Now days she is like you know like uh I mean like uh uh you know working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu um so uh like so okay so uh okay Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour led by uh uh I mean so okay um you know uh I mean Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority government you know like um uh uh um like well you know fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a Best I mean um so like like well like okay well Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an okay like um like I mean like uh uh okay archetype directly inside contemporary culture with the Black you know uh well okay like you know okay okay uh Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke University uh okay I mean um so uh you know you know I mean where he was the first Duke basketball player to uh so you know well you know so so uh you know earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of so um uh okay like okay so um like the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey okay like okay so okay okay like well so was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set alight um I mean like so um okay like uh uh in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was you know uh um so okay so well well like started more than 100 years back providing education up to uh so well okay you know uh like I mean um 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 um um so you know um um like okay um WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst okay okay um um uh like uh well well ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out through his um you know um you know you know like so you know you know mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists and I mean like uh I mean uh um um uh okay even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she you know uh you know um you know well well like well can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and so okay okay like um um so okay like reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; his first okay you know well uh you know uh well uh well notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, um well okay like well so so well um came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip uh I mean so you know you know well I mean like so hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get okay um I mean so so uh um so so killed if he does so, Andy puts the final piece you know okay I mean so uh like um um uh of on rock, which then falls into the portal, which so um um uh well um so I mean I mean begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance so okay uh um like so I mean okay I mean MPs to break party ranks and vote against uh I mean um so uh okay like like um the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it you know I mean um uh well well uh you know uh violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States okay well well uh well okay well so okay Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and like you know uh okay so um I mean okay okay emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, uh I mean so okay um I mean like I mean like probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, okay you know um you know so um so you know uh the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or well well okay okay like like I mean well um transport vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( um so well um I mean uh you know uh I mean called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during so um okay I mean well you know well so uh prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for so like uh okay okay so like well you know download, OpenSearchServer was developed under the GPL v3 license and uh well okay well uh okay so like well offers a series of full text lexical analyzers um you know well like uh uh so so I mean and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- like well um um uh okay well like so most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped I mean you know well okay I mean so well um like at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to I mean um okay I mean uh uh like like like be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the I mean well so um so well like uh okay Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and so I mean you know um like so so okay you know agree to call each other after they both wake up uh I mean well well um so okay well um to see if they were both really there well okay so you know you know so like well well and then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as the like okay uh so like like like you know well three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure if uh uh you know um uh um okay like you know revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed well you know well you know uh you know so I mean I mean a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number uh uh I mean I mean um I mean well so so has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the like I mean like um um okay like well well new campus was sold and developed with homes, but in you know you know you know so I mean I mean so uh um 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, well I mean like you know like I mean okay uh well one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the so okay so like um I mean okay I mean so same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis I mean I mean like I mean um you know uh like I mean of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased recognition for okay like well so well I mean okay uh so survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see like uh well like I mean uh you know uh okay below), since 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel okay okay I mean uh so you know um okay okay member on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers okay I mean like I mean I mean um you know well I mean the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about uh uh okay well uh okay you know you know well 1500 yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - well you know like you know uh so you know you know like siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe I mean um like um so well um I mean so she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, um um um um you know uh uh uh like which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building like like well like I mean like um like like and networking on key issues. Extending its agenda I mean like so uh um like um okay you know beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare you know like I mean like okay well like you know um but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended okay okay well so I mean like um okay um Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' so well I mean well um well I mean so like while his short stories have been published in a number I mean well uh okay like well like like okay of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and Mr. Bennet okay okay I mean well like so like uh well explains that her that Chandra has you know you know I mean like um like uh I mean okay a list with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in like so so uh you know uh you know you know like Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, by the um well so well I mean so you know well I mean Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 I mean so okay you know you know like you know like like appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a okay um like like um well um okay well key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls 'Generation's songs, I mean I mean you know uh I mean so so okay you know Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics for two uh okay you know uh like well so I mean uh songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in uh okay so uh um uh like you know um the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady you know uh you know like you know um okay okay okay of the Hermits, that title being derived from the you know well okay well you know you know um I mean uh circumstances of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of North you know well um uh so like well you know so Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack of diamonds well uh um so so you know like well um playing card being shredded by a bullet is used well so you know you know uh you know you know okay um in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage so you know so well uh so uh like okay sources (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant so uh uh um you know so like I mean like current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release of like okay I mean um okay I mean okay so well 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal uh okay like okay I mean so uh you know I mean Scottish Academy of Music & Drama he won a Laurence like well you know like like so you know like okay Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no you know um like like like you know I mean you know you know profit with the exception of the sale of his farm I mean well like I mean well okay well you know I mean for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out of humour' when he uh well okay well like uh you know I mean you know found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons you know um you know well um well uh uh like & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set I mean like I mean uh like well you know okay well in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington uh um I mean uh um so well you know okay Bridge Bus Terminal and a series of four high okay well so um I mean I mean okay okay like - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale okay like well like so um like so like catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew I mean um you know well okay you know um like okay they become evermore corrupted by the influence of power and so uh I mean um um so okay like I mean money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian you know I mean like uh well you know so like so footballer who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group I mean uh okay so well so I mean like okay that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) uh so uh okay okay I mean um like um and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic uh you know uh um uh so well okay so island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the um okay okay um like okay uh so so son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Islamist uh so uh you know well I mean well so like militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the I mean well I mean um um uh like you know so court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 um um so I mean so well you know uh okay March 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is okay uh like well okay okay like like I mean a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January well okay like well um well uh well you know 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and um okay I mean uh um okay okay um okay communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, you know well you know well um well okay okay like and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks were uh well uh okay okay you know you know I mean well and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the city uh you know well uh well I mean you know um well for the first time and his team wanted to maximise every you know uh well you know uh um so well I mean detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to the okay so so uh like I mean I mean um like antelope mainly due to its great size, but it I mean so well uh so well well okay like is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, um you know like okay so you know so I mean so 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted to you know so you know um I mean well uh uh okay the RLM but it was the design of Walter like I mean okay um like so like um I mean Günter with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working uh so okay okay um you know like um I mean on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the um um um um um well so so uh University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who you know well uh okay okay so uh uh I mean gained the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe I mean well I mean you know um I mean like so I mean the tattooed bodies of the people residing in the islands so uh uh uh okay you know so I mean so of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington okay so um you know uh uh I mean you know uh Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where okay like well well so uh I mean uh you know end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with so like okay well so um okay um you know the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric well like like well well you know well so so Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based um so um uh you know like I mean well like on a different model than the earlier two editions, and okay I mean um well like you know I mean I mean well resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon so um well so well um so so well tired of the long journey and was bored okay I mean I mean uh uh so I mean like you know and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark (Peak okay you know uh um um you know you know well uh time only) was operated briefly with the service being withdrawn I mean I mean I mean um like okay uh well like 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, online okay like so well well okay I mean I mean well friendships have changed significantly; it is possible to hold uh okay you know so okay you know so um um real - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the like um like uh uh well uh uh so city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the like well so okay like you know like okay well action was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in okay like uh okay well well I mean uh you know Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like a um well um like you know um well um uh ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events you know you know like okay I mean like like well so occurring in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces I mean so um like um okay um you know well under Teuta attacking the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests well uh um I mean so um like okay uh took place in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts player okay well uh you know I mean uh well like you know who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) is well well like I mean like uh like so well a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO of the like um uh I mean um you know so well I mean Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and uh um I mean well well you know well you know um tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch so so well so well you know so I mean um Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 notable is okay so like uh well well you know like okay that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even um like well you know well so well like so if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the so okay you know well uh uh I mean I mean um old skool rave / jungle techno sound and releases his okay you know like uh um you know you know I mean uh music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects so like like well so I mean um uh uh in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou like I mean uh um well so okay like okay (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 July well uh so uh so uh okay you know so 1876, and worked first as a school teacher in so you know uh I mean uh well so okay I mean Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left Germany well like so like uh so okay like uh in January 1933, and seven months old, John and his so uh so you know uh I mean uh like well mother arrived in England where his father had secured uh okay um um uh I mean like okay um work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / like okay I mean so like you know okay uh like West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, and is you know okay like so um so you know uh uh the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of you know okay um well uh uh like like I mean October 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Football Club okay um like uh well like uh well you know in the Australian Football League (AFL), the first like okay uh you know um so you know okay okay woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became well okay I mean so uh uh well you know uh the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town so you know you know so uh I mean uh well well was abandoned around 1889, at which time you know so uh you know you know uh I mean um so he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he you know I mean um okay I mean I mean well um so was working at a railroad company, and found that monthly so so uh you know I mean well like like um accounting was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, California like I mean okay okay so okay you know okay um and is mostly known for his time with uh you know I mean um um okay you know you know you know the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob I mean okay like well so well like you know well Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under okay you know so you know I mean so okay um so Amasis II. This brief period of Egyptian domination left its um okay so well um I mean so um okay influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with Search for you know you know uh so like uh okay like so a Star (Launched as a joint project um okay okay okay you know you know um um like with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can uh okay I mean well okay like um so like tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter like so like I mean well um uh well well what the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has a um you know um you know I mean you know like I mean I mean degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber full so like you know you know so um uh so um of water at less than atmospheric pressure which is uh um so like you know like so okay uh formed when the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 1906) so okay so you know so um uh so uh was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a like so I mean so uh so okay so I mean white Boston attorney who later went on to become I mean uh I mean well like like uh I mean well president of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president uh like uh I mean you know I mean I mean you know okay of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to like I mean like you know um okay like so you know find a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't you know um you know um I mean okay you know like well need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that uh I mean I mean so um um you know I mean um she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, silver was um um like so um I mean I mean uh like discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and a uh like you know you know you know uh so well well few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 I mean uh you know you know um so uh uh you know in Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would um um you know well like uh okay okay uh consist of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp turns well okay okay like okay um okay you know uh to the complementary angle, as if the skier is uh um so so I mean you know you know so um being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with like you know um like um so um uh uh no father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part um you know well um so okay I mean well okay of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted um I mean so uh so uh um uh like on assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the so like um like uh like I mean so uh physical land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to uh well okay okay um so you know okay like be part of China before the founding of you know I mean like so well um I mean um I mean the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was um um uh you know uh uh um well like reported to be in fair health in 2008, at so uh uh you know you know I mean um you know I mean which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would well okay like like okay okay you know okay um purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera received I mean um I mean uh so you know okay you know okay an order to sew a number of Russian military uniforms that later I mean uh I mean well okay so um well so were used in an exchange of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish like uh you know I mean um you know I mean uh so outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both you know uh well well um like so so well credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their you know uh so uh I mean so you know I mean uh way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan Mehmed you know I mean like um well okay like okay well the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on the site of I mean um I mean I mean so I mean okay well uh the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits okay like so like you know okay um okay uh he is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil you know um um you know I mean um so okay um halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, okay um uh I mean so uh okay uh I mean the Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years of like I mean I mean like uh um okay like you know peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his so I mean you know you know you know I mean you know well like henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, like you know I mean you know you know okay like so okay which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's um so um uh you know um so I mean well character and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told so uh uh you know okay so so you know uh Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: well okay so like um I mean well okay um a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours okay okay I mean uh like so okay um I mean but the resolution could go up to 1024 × so okay well okay you know okay uh I mean uh 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, like uh well okay well like well well so constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but like like like okay you know you know um I mean well during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by like okay you know well well well so so so writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling uh um okay uh I mean you know well okay you know pay - per - view (PPV) event produced by Extreme um um I mean you know okay you know okay like you know Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, 1998 so okay so you know uh uh uh I mean um from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 like I mean so so like I mean uh I mean um and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) like I mean um uh uh I mean okay I mean okay of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become like like um uh okay I mean you know so um ensnared in its web, killing them with its venom before uh um um like uh I mean uh um I mean wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his well you know okay you know like you know well so you know opponent may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would okay um like you know um well you know uh so probably only be knocked back in this situation, um well um you know uh uh like you know so the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uh so uh so okay well uh well um uses as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to um um um so you know you know I mean okay uh send strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto well you know okay well okay um uh I mean um the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity so uh so I mean well um I mean well um and patriotic values, and that is why they are uh um I mean well so um um okay like still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian international like well so uh so okay um well uh cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured uh like uh um um I mean okay so so Hector Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography so uh you know I mean you know you know okay uh uh of Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped um okay you know so um okay you know you know like gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against Larry Olubamiwo well you know well well like uh you know okay like in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an I mean um uh okay you know I mean okay well you know Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of you know so um so okay so uh I mean you know Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi I mean okay well like okay you know you know I mean so was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that so like like so you know I mean uh um like massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped um I mean well well well well um uh uh define the field of American paleontology; he was a well okay uh you know I mean um uh okay well prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, so like uh I mean um uh well like you know although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which I mean uh uh I mean okay you know like well so meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the I mean I mean I mean um uh okay like well uh album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion okay you know okay so uh like you know you know uh and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera I mean so uh I mean uh I mean okay like you know y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or um you know you know you know uh like so like uh Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic you know um so so so okay uh like so turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and like like you know so I mean you know like um like the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, um I mean uh uh you know like okay I mean uh now stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick well you know so so I mean uh so well so to a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently uh so like like okay like like like you know belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, uh um so you know I mean um um like I mean court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and um I mean so okay you know uh like uh okay Serpentor and took them to their hidden headquarters I mean you know uh okay um um okay um I mean to try Cobra Commander for his failure, and um you know so well you know so uh okay well put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to sign okay I mean okay you know you know I mean uh you know uh an American player when they signed former major league I mean so so so so so um like well pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played so I mean like I mean I mean like I mean um so in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl I mean I mean uh okay um so so I mean uh XXXIV in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked as um uh I mean okay well I mean um you know you know a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals well I mean I mean so I mean like you know okay well for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the well you know well uh I mean okay okay so um third - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be okay you know you know I mean so uh so you know uh reached by land) structure in the world, but there are I mean I mean um um you know you know um uh like nomonolithic rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic orchestration with like I mean um uh well okay like okay uh celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well so um uh you know so uh um I mean well known, they are regularly seen around the islands you know well um I mean um well I mean well okay as well as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese I mean um like like um um you know you know well waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval okay um um well I mean okay I mean you know um weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is I mean um I mean uh well well I mean you know okay said to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville like so well so uh well like so you know in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, okay so I mean you know uh I mean like you know you know the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a so so well um okay um you know um well number of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful I mean so uh you know like okay you know okay okay heir, Idris said a family council would decide um like so I mean I mean well well you know you know who would be king, not an heir, and that you know well like well um okay okay um uh his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with its sister station, um okay I mean um like like uh um you know talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based well so well okay um well I mean um um in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for um so okay I mean well well so okay well the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet so well so uh so um so well uh she shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 well okay uh uh um I mean okay you know okay on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday well so okay you know uh you know like well okay with a 1: 19. 495 and took his I mean well okay um um so well so okay sixth pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the so so so I mean I mean you know so you know well Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several times during like you know like well like like um so you know the Thirty Years' War and conquered in um you know well I mean like uh well like so the Silesian wars of King Frederick II of Prussia well I mean so so um you know um okay well in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' ( like so so so okay so okay like like pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed you know I mean so okay so okay I mean I mean okay elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North you know like like I mean okay well like I mean like America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by Wat Tyler, I mean I mean like um um okay so I mean well Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the DFL um uh you know you know um you know well uh um endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in you know like um uh uh okay okay uh so April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south I mean so um okay um I mean uh I mean uh India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in you know I mean so like like like I mean um you know Business Award in the non-profit category as um you know uh well like well so you know well presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op you know you know so so okay so uh I mean like Zoom or Breda but at the same time he had well so like uh uh like I mean um I mean worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to you know like uh uh um well you know so okay which she agrees also, and he kisses her um um so um uh like um you know well on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, like I mean um so uh uh well okay so North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian I mean okay I mean you know well you know so I mean so descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 so you know uh you know you know like like well like to 1927 was called the Nevada - California - so okay like you know so um I mean okay like Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as like well I mean so so uh well well um a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, okay well um I mean you know you know so um um and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she well you know well you know well so well I mean okay is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is surrounded well you know so okay um okay I mean well like by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics like well so uh you know okay I mean so I mean supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of uh well so you know so like you know uh okay hemoglobin, the red pigment in blood, but are uh like you know you know you know so I mean well so also found in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins um um well you know um uh okay so so such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part well well um you know I mean I mean well I mean so of a collection of dances in a piece well so um okay I mean okay um you know uh entitled 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American like well um I mean okay you know uh so like Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines um like um like well um I mean well so and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson well you know well uh um well well like you know he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born & so well okay you know well um I mean so uh bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, like um okay well so so like uh uh Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the you know I mean I mean you know well I mean well like so premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly until um so I mean like like you know like you know well the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, so well uh uh well um you know you know okay but shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort well so okay okay okay okay okay uh okay St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian professional well like okay so okay uh okay so I mean ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very so I mean okay um you know uh so you know well smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious you know uh so I mean I mean like so so like case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything stronger okay okay well well I mean you know uh uh well than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and I mean okay um uh okay so okay okay okay it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA so um okay um okay okay like I mean like at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed well uh you know okay like you know okay so you know that Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real okay like so okay like so um um so estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - so well like well so I mean so uh um use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than you know you know okay like um so you know uh I mean any other intervention in America, however, it should be like like I mean well you know you know um so uh noted that often Drug courts are the only avenue for well I mean like uh you know okay so you know you know entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim as uh well um so I mean um um like so the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled so um um well you know I mean uh like well his plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, uh you know um well okay uh okay I mean um however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian like like uh I mean okay you know uh so uh professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes um uh I mean okay uh you know so so um on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned uh uh well I mean I mean I mean I mean uh uh B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, I mean uh I mean uh okay you know so I mean like the women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories so like like um like well like okay well and Yukon, will be held from January 11 to 12 at like so so so um okay I mean you know um the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and abuse you know like like uh uh well um so well against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with you know okay so um um uh you know um um mud the whole French army, and even France herself, like like um um well so okay well you know for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train okay I mean okay you know well um you know uh I mean one day from Twickenham to his office in so I mean you know so I mean uh um like so Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, like um like you know so so so like like bisected by the entrance road and connected via an underpass and I mean like you know well okay you know uh I mean like a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than in other okay like um uh you know well like um uh 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the so I mean okay well um you know um like you know hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to uh like um you know you know so so okay so identify a younger male or female that an older individual like um uh I mean like uh like well so was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either like um so like uh like uh okay uh the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word okay so you know okay so well so you know like 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H so I mean like like um um I mean um you know. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, even uh so you know like so okay you know like like though she is never seen using it, and was so you know okay okay so um you know so okay removed in the PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of uh I mean um um like um so um um high school, and soon after booked her you know well I mean like like well you know so uh first two jobs in one day, a cameo in I mean I mean um you know I mean you know you know uh I mean the Academy Award winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 so uh you know okay you know um okay okay okay in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland um uh um uh okay um you know um well in August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent well well you know okay um so well um um to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony which uh well okay well uh you know okay well you know was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep you know okay so so like okay so so so station in the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a I mean okay so um uh okay well uh uh successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, like okay so so okay well I mean um like Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and like so you know like well I mean okay well um video from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned well I mean okay uh well I mean like uh I mean toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of uh uh uh I mean uh so well uh uh Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from the so um so like well uh well you know uh British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the I mean um uh you know like like okay okay so venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking um like so okay well okay okay so uh to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him I mean okay I mean um so I mean so you know like and he confronts her about the engagement telling her that she well well okay um you know you know you know you know you know should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British like uh um like okay uh you know like like prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, like okay okay well so I mean I mean um uh in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website on 23 uh I mean so you know you know um well I mean I mean November and then went to all UK music okay um um well so well so I mean I mean channels, the video is black and white and sees Ferguson I mean you know so so I mean okay um um like singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, so so okay so uh like so I mean well Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn um so okay well like okay so like I mean Eagles Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put okay um you know uh uh like uh well you know the basis of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' you know like okay like so like um I mean uh (The Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive um like like like okay well I mean um you know medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as um you know um I mean I mean uh I mean so so the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn um you know so so like well so um um Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably well you know well you know you know well like like I mean Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, well okay you know well um well uh okay you know which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a Spanish you know I mean okay okay like uh I mean so like footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of HMS 'Agincourt' well um um okay so you know uh uh I mean in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as Second - in I mean like like uh um I mean uh so like - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, you know um you know like well so I mean well I mean Minnesota, United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and his uh you know um okay well okay like so so book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', um well so I mean I mean like uh like well but it was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Broadcasting like well well like well well uh like okay executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel so okay I mean uh I mean okay um you know so 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of like uh well well you know you know okay well well the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook vegetables well okay like I mean you know like um well uh using the water inside the vegetables without any additional I mean I mean so you know like um you know like well water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones you know um uh okay I mean uh well well okay were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead you know I mean like well I mean well well okay okay - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and named so so um so well um so um you know by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, I mean okay um I mean well you know okay so I mean Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the um um like like so so um like um volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location in uh uh you know um uh okay so like um a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the design of sewerage, more uh I mean so you know okay okay like I mean um specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to uh well um you know um so so well um work for her on missions other A. R. G okay you know well uh uh like I mean uh I mean. U. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to you know you know so I mean okay um well um I mean have Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack well so um um you know uh well uh so to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the okay uh uh okay so uh like okay um Bellingham riot, on September 7 and 8, in response you know okay like well well I mean well you know like to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) I mean I mean uh um um like well you know well is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research team like okay well I mean like okay um you know uh to conduct a detailed case study on her, and in so um I mean well okay uh so so like May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital well okay you know so uh like I mean well um scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions well so um I mean like um okay I mean so in North Sydney including beach defences to respond to so uh well uh like I mean okay like I mean possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and well okay okay I mean um you know you know so well Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports in uh like okay uh so you know like so I mean the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band uh um you know okay I mean you know well like you know Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an international he played five times for Ireland before okay um well you know like you know um okay uh it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born okay well uh so well well I mean so okay Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential so I mean I mean you know like okay you know I mean uh election he became the subject of controversy when you know well well like well uh you know uh you know a secret 2005 recording surfaced of him and presidential um I mean um um so like um okay okay candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he like well uh you know I mean well um okay I mean wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and tells him okay like I mean I mean well well I mean you know um that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this um um uh okay well okay okay uh you know more off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin I mean well well well um I mean uh okay well finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was you know like well okay uh okay you know I mean uh the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority well um okay so um you know you know like so of the town late Monday evening after an earlier battle between like so like okay I mean um well uh you know Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year I mean uh I mean well I mean okay like um I mean in the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical uh like I mean well uh uh like uh I mean perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return of I mean um uh so you know like okay okay okay studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien pod; while I mean well um uh uh like like okay okay examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at so um like well um um you know well I mean 24 Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade Award uh you know so like uh well like well I mean in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve okay um you know so so well um you know I mean white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' okay so like so okay so I mean okay you know in green letters, printed on the bottom front of you know okay I mean well like so so like well collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be linked uh uh okay I mean um okay well well well to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was okay okay well uh you know um so um like also used by other Residents and Governors, and so it became uh okay uh uh so uh you know I mean I mean known as Government Hill until it was renamed um well uh um um like well uh I mean Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in like like okay um well well uh well okay Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) was so so like so I mean so like well I mean a Fijian chief and statesman, who played a major like like like um so well I mean I mean you know role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded man I mean well um uh I mean you know well like uh in a black suit jacket with white lining, who okay well so well okay so like okay I mean informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and okay uh uh okay well like I mean uh like Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it um I mean uh I mean you know uh like um okay is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it failed you know um well um well you know okay I mean um to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is so uh uh like well I mean okay um uh approximately 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the um okay uh well so uh like okay I mean greater number of men is possibly due to the so uh well uh like um I mean well um significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite after well um like uh well like I mean um so Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with a fever and like you know um uh well well so um uh won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie you know okay I mean well uh I mean I mean so you know Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with okay um well so you know like like uh um Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league um um well uh um um uh uh um footballer who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at so you know uh like you know you know okay okay I mean representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father uh uh okay okay so I mean so I mean well of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association um okay um well you know you know uh so okay (LAAFTA) was founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and uh you know like uh I mean like uh I mean you know meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the I mean you know uh uh so uh like like you know rights and privileges granted to Russia by China in uh I mean okay I mean like I mean like well okay the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as so you know like well I mean um uh like uh enlarged by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, uh so so you know I mean well well so so while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his like I mean I mean so so I mean um well uh nephew's wife, mother, and two sisters - in - law to um I mean uh like um you know well um well gain control of their oil rights, and then so okay like so I mean I mean uh um like had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters like um uh uh so like like well you know beyond the group's control, these two releases failed to get okay so well like um so well okay uh sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was um okay okay well I mean okay so so well just short of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of so um well you know well okay like you know I mean only one whiskey and drug store, and the population consisted I mean you know like well so okay okay um you know mostly of railroad workers, but this store was later joined uh um uh I mean okay I mean like so like by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the um you know well well I mean like so um um chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope until she like like well like you know so um you know um was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel okay you know uh well well like uh so um Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a okay uh you know like okay you know you know so so drainage basin located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of uh um um okay like so you know uh uh its donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly okay so like like well I mean like so so after the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall so like I mean uh um I mean uh okay like in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the um uh so okay uh I mean you know you know so Arkansas Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran uh like I mean you know you know okay uh okay like artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She okay you know I mean well so you know okay you know okay was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 like uh I mean so so okay so okay uh - 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 uh like so I mean I mean like like well so September 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC like well I mean okay okay um like you know um in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return you know okay I mean uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean the ring, but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris so you know so um like you know well okay so ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 film I mean um like so uh um so uh so about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja like uh uh okay like I mean you know um okay Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the like okay like uh well like like okay well school year of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced so um okay um uh like okay um you know Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular um uh uh like like um like okay okay P. E. Subject to all pupils and presently he is well so like uh like like well so you know the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson is actually uh uh well um you know uh you know you know so a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made you know uh um well like um so um okay of oak which doubles the axial frame and I mean I mean so okay um okay like like okay the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by like I mean you know like okay I mean okay like so 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy so uh you know um um okay like well I mean Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included like okay okay I mean well okay okay like so in the release; these are short - form pop songs featuring um you know okay uh so uh so I mean you know lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that is well like like like I mean you know I mean I mean um a member institution of the Sydney College of Divinity, delivers theological studies at okay you know uh uh like well so so uh both undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications and prepares students who I mean well I mean uh well well like you know uh are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their okay you know okay well like I mean um so well apartment, and becomes a slave of her own paranoid you know you know okay so um you know you know you know you know fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan society; um so well you know okay uh you know okay um the president oversees this and the would be okay I mean I mean uh uh so I mean so uh king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for all uh okay well you know I mean um so I mean well the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the so um okay um well um well like I mean stick controlled the upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much okay uh like uh I mean like you know um uh - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum uh so like you know uh you know you know you know like amount of energy they could produce would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English footballer well okay I mean like like uh okay um so who plays for Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town as a uh okay uh uh okay so um so I mean striker and has represented England at U17, U19 and under uh I mean uh um I mean so well well well 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight so okay so I mean well well so like uh operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 January okay uh like you know uh so well so um 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten you know uh well I mean like okay like okay I mean the peasants but quite the opposite was true - over I mean um you know like I mean like I mean okay um the next year they secretly prepared for war, recruiting so well uh okay well I mean I mean okay like one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - uh uh okay well uh uh like you know I mean range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 I mean so like I mean so um so well you know minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located like you know you know um I mean like um you know like from the Sea of Galilee at a height of um I mean I mean uh you know I mean so you know so above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from okay okay well okay like so uh you know uh 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the I mean so you know um okay um uh um you know lab as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled like okay so like um um I mean so uh by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the like like you know so uh so so okay like Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois well like so like well you know I mean uh I mean in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in I mean okay uh well you know um so so well the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold on okay you know uh so uh like so I mean uh Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt to like uh you know so so so um so like storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, daughter you know okay so okay okay I mean uh so um of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston like like uh you know well uh uh well you know (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded I mean so I mean well uh uh like um um in 1963 in North London, best known for their um so like um so okay I mean uh well chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - these like uh um I mean um like uh okay I mean dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the I mean so like uh I mean okay uh uh I mean CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus to like well like uh you know I mean well you know like warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons the audience on um uh you know so um I mean well so like Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the you know okay um well like um I mean like I mean Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 and um I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh well in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed a well okay well I mean well so okay I mean like new constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that persisted into okay I mean well I mean uh like I mean so well the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because of his so so I mean okay um so I mean so uh desire to unite all all Slavs in one Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he uh well like like uh so like uh okay held until his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV you know um you know um okay uh like like um comedy drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred uh okay okay you know you know well uh uh you know Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference okay uh so like you know uh I mean uh um voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and like um I mean like I mean um um okay I mean called for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue to you know I mean like so um uh well you know well engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or um um uh um like um well well you know Meranie,) was created during the German Empire time well well like so uh so so well so. It is also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that okay I mean well I mean um well I mean uh uh is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported you know so you know so you know well uh okay you know herself by DJing and was featured as a cover story like like well well you know you know uh I mean um in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that uh uh so okay I mean you know so you know well encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 uh I mean so so I mean so like uh I mean % of the oil had been contained and that well um uh I mean um um like okay uh the slick had been removed from about 95 % of well uh so you know you know so well um I mean Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which like uh so you know okay okay okay well you know sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very limited um so okay I mean well okay I mean you know I mean distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to 2007, Sons you know I mean you know so okay um okay uh okay of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with so uh um I mean I mean like okay like well Mussolini, who announced that his objective was the so okay okay like so well well uh you know capture of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but I mean like you know um I mean I mean uh so well withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use I mean okay uh so okay um like well you know of this method including differences in observations when using um okay well well you know well like like like single and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of uh well okay well so uh like okay okay the FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a I mean so um you know uh okay uh um like six - episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in you know like you know I mean like I mean um okay okay the first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and so so like um uh so okay uh I mean other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as you know um um I mean like well well like uh the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age like uh like like uh well you know you know okay - restricted retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, I mean well well so uh so like uh I mean United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts uh you know um um I mean so uh you know um Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects okay okay uh well I mean okay you know so you know and other multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December like I mean uh well um well okay um like 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for I mean like like okay um like like I mean so the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to so like okay uh okay well I mean um um 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, like um like um so um okay like okay in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad for well um I mean like okay um uh I mean okay the first time in May 2007 for an end of I mean uh okay I mean like like you know uh so season tour to the United States and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's like you know okay so um you know okay so uh stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the I mean um so uh so you know okay okay so local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to Pakistan, I mean okay you know okay well uh so I mean so where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various you know okay well uh you know I mean like um so types and models for fixed - route service, and over well I mean um like so uh so you know so 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, so you know um you know uh you know like okay I mean providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during World okay like like well so well you know uh okay War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and um well well um um I mean well uh I mean was released just before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 on I mean okay uh um um well well um um limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, although it I mean you know well well uh like I mean so so was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy well uh uh well uh um well uh you know pigeon characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, well um so uh you know okay um I mean so abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the um I mean I mean um you know well you know I mean so following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and well so well so you know I mean so well I mean Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three years in so okay I mean you know uh okay I mean I mean I mean scoring with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and um so okay uh so um well well um green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for Jessie, I mean so well so okay you know like so I mean sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in you know like like um you know you know you know uh you know downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, the Divisional uh so um okay you know um well so okay Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of you know well uh uh like you know um so like Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to okay uh I mean um well like I mean you know I mean be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch okay well well okay um um like okay I mean of the present church, and the church is famous for I mean well I mean you know I mean so like uh I mean being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the um uh you know so um so you know you know like above list, but one source estimates the I mean you know uh okay you know you know uh so so population at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy um well you know you know you know um you know okay um is based on agriculture and fishing, with wheat and so well like like like like you know well well barley widely grown; however, this requires huge inputs in fertilisers uh like so so like so like you know I mean because of the sandy nature of the soils and you know like uh okay so I mean so well uh is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space - you know well well so I mean I mean uh you know I mean based experiment to test the theory of general relativity, performed jointly I mean um um okay like um so so so by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was headlined okay you know I mean um well um well uh you know in newspapers across the United States, as for example like okay okay so uh uh so uh um on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, uh uh you know you know I mean like I mean you know uh Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released following I mean I mean like okay okay so like okay so the song's success, which was also quite successful as was certified okay I mean well like so I mean uh you know you know 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play okay like uh okay like okay you know okay uh home games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held off okay um like uh you know um uh um you know from eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops you know well so you know um like you know okay okay back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have lead if um okay like you know um um um uh uh they got married, however the realism influence on the story shows uh uh uh well well um uh uh uh how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of okay uh like um um okay um okay okay playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because like well like so uh well okay you know okay it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age you know okay okay okay I mean you know like so um of eleven at the National Ballet School of Canada, for well I mean like um so I mean so so uh seven years and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in uh so you know uh you know so so you know okay their late grandfather's attic and brought it to the attention of um okay um uh like so okay like um a local reporter, whose TV news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town I mean okay so um well you know okay you know so was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation okay well okay you know I mean okay uh um uh is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry um I mean so uh I mean well um like so this includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely okay uh well well uh well okay so um to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his I mean well like well I mean I mean okay okay uh talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing like like well so so well um uh um the seat of Frome in the South Australian well so okay uh like so okay okay uh House of Assembly as an Independent, after a shock win you know well uh um so like so you know okay at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit you know um okay you know you know so I mean so okay within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a um um well I mean like uh I mean uh you know county located in the Central Valley of the U okay you know okay okay so I mean um so okay. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year okay you know okay uh like uh well okay like hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', I mean so you know you know well so okay so like and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the leadership okay you know so uh like so I mean okay well of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the well okay I mean uh I mean um okay you know like Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of I mean well um uh so okay like so like choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' like like um you know so so uh well well ) was a program devised by the CIA in early 1961 okay like so well uh like um like I mean to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June you know um uh um you know uh uh so uh 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he uh okay you know so um okay okay like uh moved several more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by I mean uh you know I mean um like okay so so a creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and I mean uh so you know okay like okay um so practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against I mean you know okay well like so well um um Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - like okay well well um um okay okay like once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue well well okay you know well you know um well okay of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor well so you know I mean okay well you know um uh and sadly the rest of the house became little more so okay uh you know so um I mean so so than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley (the well like you know like uh okay I mean okay well present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around 1685 were so uh I mean okay you know like um like uh in part a reunification of the old La uh so well so well like you know well like Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large population of you know so like so uh so like okay uh Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June so okay okay uh uh so you know well so / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches um like well so I mean okay well like well struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and um well I mean okay you know okay well uh so POL. Vang Pao now regained the confidence in air power uh like um you know I mean uh uh uh uh that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old um um well like well I mean well like like Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at um like um I mean I mean okay okay you know you know Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where he you know okay like well like I mean uh I mean so teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while well well I mean okay I mean okay you know you know okay continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki Rua Theatre so uh uh I mean uh um well I mean I mean (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural works and saw well you know uh uh okay like like well like the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, well well um well so like okay you know um when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses so um well well uh I mean I mean uh okay the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush uh um uh so so okay uh you know you know Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the fight, the I mean well I mean uh you know um um so uh fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian like well uh well uh I mean you know so okay retired ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey okay um I mean um I mean so well so I mean League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made like so you know so I mean so okay like well a huge financial investment in an effort to win another European okay um so okay you know so you know so um Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, uh so um well um so well I mean like and she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, much to her surprise, so uh okay so okay like like well um her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in the audience, and so um you know you know well okay uh okay you know Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late you know you know well you know like so uh like like to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of um okay so I mean um okay so uh like 21 in the early 1990s, where he did well uh you know I mean like you know um like uh his formal training at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance so okay like um so well like uh okay in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the I mean uh so you know okay like uh like like group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly find there you know um you know you know you know um like uh I mean is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section um like you know uh you know well okay uh um of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV and um uh um uh like um like um I mean KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility um you know I mean okay um so you know uh okay at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc you know well uh so you know so like okay so from the inside to the outside of the body, the well I mean I mean like like I mean you know you know like back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality okay you know um um okay like okay well well 'Tunceli', Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk okay like um so uh like okay so well galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies currently so I mean like like so I mean so like uh known, at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented so like well well um well I mean okay um the diamond industry in the London Chamber of I mean so okay okay uh so you know well so Commerce and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for um uh um uh you know I mean well well you know the Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 MLS Cup, okay I mean um okay so like well so okay when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged a group of like like uh I mean um uh I mean like um Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air into the well like okay you know okay um um like so water; the air is compressed by surrounding water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military said that like you know okay okay okay um you know uh you know the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, and well uh uh you know well you know so um I mean those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for you know like okay well um well uh so uh popular brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV like I mean you know so so uh I mean so like Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story because her grandmother uh okay well you know uh I mean you know uh well is dying and she feels like she is killing her okay well like um like you know uh um so because the fairy godmother finally found a replacement and I mean I mean well uh okay uh like okay uh now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, um uh um like um you know well um you know 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) or well well like uh so uh I mean okay well of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class okay you know um you know I mean well uh okay so was now the dominant cultural force; a number okay I mean you know okay uh uh you know so you know of its members were influenced by political or cultural uh well I mean okay um uh uh so like nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of okay I mean uh so um well so uh uh Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and uh so uh um you know um like well I mean services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world um I mean okay you know okay so so you know you know markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of well you know okay um well um uh so well St Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, where like uh uh like um um you know I mean okay the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who okay well um okay well well um well so attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went you know well uh I mean okay like okay well so on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was like okay um I mean I mean uh I mean well well a candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and so so uh you know um I mean well so like is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased and so uh well um okay I mean um uh you know this particular escape route became less and less important, I mean okay um um well okay well I mean like other means of leaving the GDR were used more I mean so I mean I mean like like uh I mean you know often, for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was celebrated you know um um I mean okay like so uh I mean on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for so I mean uh so well um I mean well like France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, uh I mean well okay so uh well uh like where captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers and well you know so you know you know I mean uh I mean I mean magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two LGBT members you know I mean I mean okay I mean okay um okay uh of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has uh so okay uh well so well I mean you know been used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft uh uh well well you know so okay okay um SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before uh like like okay um uh so so I mean transitioning into the next track, a Phil Collins cover um like like so like well so you know well from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, the well like like uh well you know so like so nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and well well you know um you know uh you know I mean okay is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity okay uh I mean like I mean so um okay like of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and so like like uh so I mean okay um like later reached a career high of world no. Nine well so um so I mean well so so I mean of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of so so uh um so you know I mean I mean so carbon capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as opposed okay so you know uh okay uh uh well um to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered so um okay um okay uh um so like with a very low initial interest rate ( a so - uh well okay okay so I mean uh okay like called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum payment, which you know um uh so well um um um well permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy was well I mean um like well you know uh um I mean discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, like well I mean okay well like well like um 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival like so you know uh I mean well okay like you know of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars I mean um you know like okay I mean so I mean well and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando II well uh so well um I mean like you know you know obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of you know um okay I mean well um well okay um both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great uh well uh you know like you know so okay I mean number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 uh you know okay okay well um you know I mean um as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win okay well well I mean um so like you know so the Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after okay I mean so like like I mean well um you know the caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail you know so like um um like uh okay you know to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for like uh like okay okay uh so uh well defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was you know um uh I mean well so so so well formed from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it you know okay okay um um okay so well you know consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 you know I mean so I mean um uh you know so okay December 2006) was an English children's author born in so um um you know like okay um like you know 1920 and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in like I mean I mean uh well so um okay um the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis so okay uh well um um you know like well Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of okay so I mean uh okay so um okay well Leiden University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries so so uh um you know um well well well of history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city of San uh uh I mean okay well okay well so so Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in I mean I mean like you know like well well I mean so 1987 as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, uh so okay I mean like I mean I mean you know you know and was an elevated terminal station with two I mean uh you know you know uh uh I mean I mean so platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June 1861, like like uh so like like so um I mean and the French had began to report that junks like well you know um well so I mean well um from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX so okay um okay um you know okay um um officially returned to live performing in Spring 2017 with okay I mean well okay okay like I mean okay um original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a new uh uh you know um well okay I mean um um enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation I mean like so um um well well I mean like 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse well like like I mean I mean well uh uh like as a result of the war, is undermanned and um okay so uh like um like like so struggles to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering um so uh you know okay uh like like like systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', and so you know like okay well like so uh um from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to reveal I mean so um okay uh well I mean well like their location to Johnny, believing that the robot would become so well okay I mean like you know I mean well so over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of like well I mean you know well so uh uh so Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U you know um well like you know um you know like I mean. S. Government, and returned to a studio he had um um okay well so like um okay like taken at the Tenth Street Studio Building in New I mean uh well uh um so okay uh I mean York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an okay you know like well so um I mean so like action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by okay you know like like you know so so um I mean a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes well well I mean so okay you know so okay um the construction of four new stations in Boston, while work on um okay well so okay um I mean you know so a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is um so like you know so I mean okay like um in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was born so you know well you know so like so I mean okay sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village you know uh I mean like uh well like okay okay in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal um okay okay like you know uh uh okay well position to fight homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in the you know so okay well you know well well I mean so 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of that series uh well I mean like um well um you know okay becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were well so I mean you know I mean like so well I mean doing enough, so they constructed, on their own, a you know you know so okay well I mean you know I mean I mean sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from so okay um you know uh well uh okay okay Dalhousie University with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, so okay you know you know um um uh so you know the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside okay uh um well so uh you know you know like the Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' well okay okay so um okay I mean so uh (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', well um you know I mean so so I mean like uh though a single line hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest um okay so like you know you know well uh you know - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a like so so uh I mean I mean well um well language in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi okay okay uh um well okay uh you know so Zeichner went on to compare the album to the I mean uh well uh um um um you know okay work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this well well well uh um so uh okay well village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent I mean um so I mean you know you know like so I mean you can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP - well so well you know um like uh uh I mean FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United so you know okay like you know so um so um States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won like uh like so uh um uh I mean okay a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health care um so well um uh like okay like um fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school I mean okay like so you know you know like um well of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 um like um um like so um uh uh football team to score 100 points against another Division 1 team, okay um you know so well okay I mean well you know (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division I mean um well you know you know like okay so like I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress like okay okay okay okay um you know you know like - call from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of um okay okay so like so um okay like the Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree you know uh uh okay uh well uh so you know planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as I mean um well you know you know well so you know you know plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - to um okay okay uh okay so I mean okay well - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name like okay like well well okay um uh like was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found in uh uh well so well I mean um like I mean northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in the German like I mean I mean okay I mean I mean uh like like second tier league during the January transfer window on so like um uh like uh uh like I mean 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are you know uh you know uh uh well well so I mean now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url parameter therefore okay I mean uh um you know I mean you know well like the use of the asin parameter and any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field teams like I mean you know you know uh you know uh like so play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is so um um I mean um uh so um you know almost the same size as HIP 110703, I mean so you know like like I mean you know you know okay but don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia um uh like well like uh you know uh um legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where okay I mean uh so you know I mean like I mean well he became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General like okay um okay you know like well well uh of the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more episodes well like like um you know so I mean um okay and air the original Dragonball anime and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th uh so so okay I mean you know um like you know February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate um well I mean um I mean you know okay you know um from 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened so so well um you know uh I mean so okay its doors to its first batch of students okay like you know okay um uh I mean I mean uh pursuing Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business well I mean uh like like like uh I mean like. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered you know I mean so um well uh well like like states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of uh well so uh you know um I mean uh you know music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, and rumors developed well like like so like I mean um um you know Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, like like so okay I mean like well you know okay 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the resulting well like um um um you know okay like I mean power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and articles okay well well okay you know so you know you know I mean. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, I mean well you know well so like well like well called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one like okay I mean so um well okay like okay season a half helping to keep the club in the you know uh well I mean I mean uh okay so uh Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron West you know so uh well you know well um so I mean KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) was the okay okay like I mean so I mean I mean you know um oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community okay so like so okay okay okay well well however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold um okay okay well uh so uh well I mean miners were trickling in on rumours of gold, driving okay okay I mean well um okay so so um a population increase justifying the setting up of a police force, so uh I mean so you know um so like okay just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has been um you know I mean uh um okay I mean I mean like a National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 in Paris so uh I mean uh so like I mean I mean um and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL okay okay um okay okay you know so I mean uh. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key you know I mean okay you know uh um like I mean well item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly well like I mean well okay so um you know like will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church well you know um um uh um I mean I mean you know of Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his work, well well okay you know like I mean like I mean well there is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March you know well well like well um I mean okay okay 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves uh uh okay okay okay you know um like um - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way um uh okay like okay um I mean like like to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met a resistance well like you know okay uh uh I mean well like of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, deployed along okay like like well so uh like okay you know the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced you know I mean so well uh uh like uh um a period of strong economic growth during I mean so you know I mean well you know um okay um the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - like so you know uh uh um well so okay Gymnasium in Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he was called up well um I mean so well so you know like like to the Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in I mean like um okay I mean um like I mean you know Savannah, Georgia) is a United States novelist and I mean you know like well like uh okay okay um short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with so I mean okay you know um so like so like Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square kilometres you know uh like well I mean uh um so like (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - third the you know you know I mean well well uh I mean I mean like area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 um like okay well um okay like like so Days in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a so you know like okay uh well you know um well sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state okay so so um you know you know um okay you know of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- 1950s most okay you know you know um I mean I mean uh uh okay of the surrounding water was filled in, so that today like uh um um um you know so um so only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, uh like so like I mean uh um um well the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, I mean I mean like well well um you know okay well a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make I mean I mean like okay I mean uh um uh so them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as you know well um I mean I mean you know I mean well uh Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known uh you know well like okay you know so like um for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known okay I mean uh um I mean okay um okay I mean as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is so you know well I mean like um uh well I mean a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) like uh uh um like like okay um well is a Mexican footballer who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below a well so well like um well you know like like certain temperature, as there was a risk of the sulphur well you know I mean well like I mean so so okay and nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely okay uh okay so so well uh uh you know devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, well so like well so okay you know uh okay beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes cast, you know like okay I mean uh I mean I mean uh like followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic I mean you know well I mean so so so um I mean foot structure on the rear feet: the symmetry well you know okay um like I mean I mean okay uh of the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins with so I mean okay well okay uh you know so okay the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured okay you know so like well uh you know well you know that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) you know um I mean so I mean you know uh so I mean can emit single photons and can be constructed from the so like like so like well I mean well you know same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging is okay um um you know you know um like well you know thought to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, and well okay well uh so you know like okay um locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based so well like um well um okay so okay on her ceramics for a festival in Seville uh um I mean um uh like um well well Expo in 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani railway so well so I mean okay like like like like lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of railway track is okay uh you know um well I mean like I mean you know in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord so so so uh so uh you know uh um Speaker will assume most of the duties of the Lord like okay um uh uh so like like so Chancellor that relate to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord I mean I mean you know well so uh okay uh okay Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized um I mean well like um you know uh you know uh with the rest of his family, but he has started uh you know well I mean you know um well um well to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately participates in I mean so like well okay like you know you know um a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most like I mean you know okay okay I mean I mean like uh of the supporting characters returned for the new program, which okay like okay I mean so so so you know like ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of Risenga Evans uh uh I mean uh so well okay uh like Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 so I mean well um you know uh uh um um -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, okay um okay uh um um um I mean like who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September 1996 you know like uh okay you know uh like um um she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave castles', fortifications okay well um you know okay so well uh I mean in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally for trade in okay um you know I mean you know uh okay so um timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for recording okay I mean like well you know uh um uh uh with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing okay like so uh like uh like like uh the guitar and bass guitar in the studio, although like um like okay okay so like well I mean the line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health uh I mean well okay well you know well okay I mean is not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance I mean um okay well uh okay okay uh like Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council you know um so you know so like uh well um in 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first okay uh uh um like uh um I mean like Voter ID Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain country uh you know well so okay I mean I mean you know I mean in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of well so I mean so so okay okay I mean like India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the so you know you know so okay you know okay um well facilities for their summer practice and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and uh so okay um I mean so well I mean like it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the okay I mean okay um well okay you know well okay municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice - cream uh I mean um okay um like um um okay salesman and a night - club bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 I mean okay so I mean okay I mean so um well February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son of so well um like uh so I mean um so George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 I mean so I mean like okay well okay like uh - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea um well um I mean I mean you know I mean you know so in the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon like you know well uh okay you know um you know okay split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes okay um well you know so you know um like you know 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' and you know you know well like uh you know like like okay 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on well like so uh um like uh okay well the true experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept like I mean uh like well I mean well you know I mean interned at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert like I mean like you know um I mean okay um well E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and um uh I mean okay so I mean okay so you know headed to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique you know okay like so um you know you know I mean so Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with well uh um I mean um okay uh you know uh a single room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying you know you know I mean so okay you know like you know I mean events for The Open Championship; the leading three players well so like I mean well uh okay so okay who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May 7, okay so um well okay well um um well 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with well okay um so I mean I mean um like okay some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the I mean you know so you know like you know you know like um breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who you know so okay I mean you know okay okay um okay were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards you know I mean uh um I mean so I mean so well Pataliputra but getting the news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog well so like I mean I mean so uh so okay what existed in Brazil at the time of the uh I mean like so um uh like well uh conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don you know um I mean so like so I mean so I mean Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of okay okay you know um like uh you know well um sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe you know um you know like so uh I mean you know like went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice um um like okay um you know okay well well Tripp also attended, and all three men would more than 20 you know I mean uh so I mean okay uh okay um years later play a key role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any so I mean well well uh I mean okay so like unit that manages to get close to them can take I mean so I mean well well I mean I mean uh you know them out very easily, the units that they so so you know I mean um you know like uh well are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third well so uh okay I mean uh uh I mean okay stint as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who like well um um I mean you know uh like uh may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of two so um uh you know I mean uh um you know okay councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases that council okay well okay like uh uh like well like had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the next well so so you know like well well okay okay council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil I mean I mean so well I mean I mean uh uh like São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, uh I mean well um I mean I mean I mean uh well 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and okay I mean uh so um um well like so about 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, you know well well well so you know um um well native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal so like well okay like well like I mean um parliament of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, so uh uh so okay okay like well well 2007; the second round of the elections to the okay so okay you know uh you know uh well okay Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took okay I mean you know okay okay so you know well okay up the campaign against the truck system, by uh okay you know you know uh um like well I mean which employees were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie okay you know you know um um um um I mean well Red denies it at first, but later he tells them he so you know like okay like uh I mean okay okay did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of you know so um you know I mean like so okay I mean Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, uh like you know well I mean uh I mean you know like although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, um like um so like uh I mean okay uh four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, uh okay um uh I mean like well so um aimed at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received like you know well well um you know so um like two Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over well I mean well I mean well like okay uh like terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the so like well well um okay well I mean um major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida um so I mean uh uh you know uh uh um Baqai were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been like um well so well well I mean like um educated in Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the uh well um um okay like like okay well series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single okay uh uh um okay uh you know like okay League game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is um like you know okay um okay okay well I mean ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 th in I mean you know I mean um okay uh you know so you know reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI journals, and so um like so like um um I mean so 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in 2006 well I mean so okay like well I mean so I mean where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists in 8 okay okay so okay well you know so like okay games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became you know I mean I mean you know um I mean like okay uh apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular beginner so like well so you know um like so uh surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers is okay so um um so you know I mean you know like frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a uh so like uh you know um I mean like okay variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to like you know like so like so well okay I mean 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months old, I mean uh like okay you know well I mean like okay forcing her mother to move to California to so um like well you know so uh like okay find work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and so okay um uh like you know you know so so Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never to uh uh you know well um uh uh like um speak to her father again and didn't want him in so uh uh uh okay um well like okay the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent on agriculture I mean okay like I mean uh uh I mean um um and fishing however, a growing industry in machinery and I mean so uh uh um like okay okay well tourism has contributed well to the city's annual income making it you know I mean so you know so I mean um well you know one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in international I mean well well I mean you know uh um I mean uh football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of like I mean okay well well so so you know uh its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with so okay I mean uh you know okay I mean you know um the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a uh so I mean well I mean um well so like sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed you know so like well I mean like uh um um him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, and served I mean um so I mean so well well you know you know from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship I mean so okay I mean uh okay I mean um I mean and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the you know you know well you know so you know well I mean you know 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to well like um um um well um well you know understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments like well okay like well so like you know okay and screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative well you know you know so well I mean okay you know um metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is um uh okay I mean um um um okay um an unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which well like um like um um like like okay remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's uh so well okay like okay okay um okay brother, Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to like like so uh like well like uh like tell Liam that she is an escort but keeps quiet uh well like you know uh um you know uh okay after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP you know well uh so you know uh so so okay Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen okay you know okay uh well uh you know you know you know & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by a um I mean well okay well you know so well so Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline of the um you know okay okay um uh um okay so charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from so um um I mean uh like um well like 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, I mean you know um you know uh you know you know um uh and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for uh well I mean well um well you know so um Watchmakers; also known as Parsons Horological School) was okay well well well um um I mean well um an American horological school in La Porte, Indiana, which was I mean okay like I mean like well I mean so so moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) well I mean like like I mean well you know you know okay is a former Czech football player, he is a Holding I mean um you know like like so okay I mean uh midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition um well so well okay well well so like Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while uh like I mean uh well so um well I mean that of the nobility and military establishment waned, even well like I mean I mean okay um um well you know though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss at I mean uh like like um I mean well you know you know C. D. Aves, he was sent off in the 71st minute okay I mean uh like I mean I mean so so like for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in so I mean like I mean okay you know um like so a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the NRHV like okay um like so well I mean I mean well are either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and well um like so okay you know well well uh charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one of um I mean so I mean like um I mean um like the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the prosecutors so you know so like so like well um um were building their case, a number of key witnesses turned so I mean so so um uh well okay you know up dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is you know um uh well I mean okay um you know I mean an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening uh uh you know I mean uh I mean like I mean I mean occurs after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with I mean you know um I mean um you know okay okay um his right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with well well well you know well okay so uh like his left hand scribbled a simple note for well so well so so well like um well Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly you know like you know uh okay so um um so 317 times per second, corresponding to a period of well so uh like so like uh like okay 3. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill like you know uh uh uh like okay I mean um demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, day I mean okay like uh um uh okay well like school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy well like okay uh so well so you know um Wuletich, Gary - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when well um um um okay uh okay uh uh he was living in Serbia drew upon her personal I mean uh I mean okay um um um well um letters of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, some so you know like I mean uh uh okay I mean um believe were designed in the likeness of their okay well well uh well you know um well like purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could be uh okay well I mean you know well like you know um solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he had you know uh uh uh okay uh I mean you know okay failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room you know well uh um like you know so uh you know in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in hospital you know okay okay um like so you know so so but he was discharged after recovering but died on 6 well uh you know you know uh you know so uh so June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the Abbey of okay uh um uh well I mean I mean I mean um Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew okay like okay you know okay uh you know so well up in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color I mean like well you know like well I mean I mean I mean of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was making like um okay I mean I mean I mean okay so okay them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area to join I mean so uh so like um I mean I mean you know a wrestling tour in Japan and have another outstanding feud like so I mean uh uh well well so so with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, I mean you know like you know I mean like um uh well Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being a um well uh well uh um okay well uh member of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem well you know okay um okay um like you know uh also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models must uh I mean so so you know so uh like uh have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer I mean so you know uh I mean uh so well um to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term is you know like okay I mean uh like I mean you know uh disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, as okay okay like okay you know um so I mean well part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project of the uh I mean uh uh okay you know like like well World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse I mean I mean like okay I mean so you know like so of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when I mean well you know so I mean like um so okay the SA, still in bed, were taken like you know I mean like uh um I mean uh you know by surprise, the SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally I mean like I mean like um you know you know so um placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the company like I mean okay like so well like you know you know is noted for its historic role in Italy's motorcycling well you know I mean I mean uh like like uh well manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and I mean well you know so okay uh like well you know industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning um um you know so I mean um so I mean you know album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, um uh so uh well okay like I mean um as well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as you know I mean uh so so well okay like so an eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, like okay um I mean like um like well okay with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of the well like you know I mean uh I mean uh um well Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around um so well well okay you know okay you know like acting, so you stay very grounded here' to like so you know so um like well I mean so 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, the um you know okay I mean um you know uh well um Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat the growing uh well okay well I mean like uh okay uh popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of you know uh so so okay um uh like okay land to the south Dante's Inferno making the like you know okay well like you know well so well ruler of Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the well so I mean uh I mean I mean okay well I mean two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; okay uh um well okay I mean like um so wild and feral dogs can usually get all I mean you know like um you know well okay uh like the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, um so so uh I mean like I mean well like but suffered an exit in the quarter - finals um I mean so like okay um you know I mean well against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental you know you know so okay like okay I mean so uh public body created by the UK Government in response to the uh um so um um uh well okay okay inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate uh like I mean so so well you know uh I mean Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as principal like okay um like I mean you know uh I mean like guide from the older Kate Middlemass in the early so um so well okay uh like okay you know 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include um well so like okay uh um I mean you know a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in okay um okay um like you know like so well the Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box office I mean well I mean I mean like like okay um um banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has multiple I mean I mean like so okay I mean you know I mean okay albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout uh I mean so I mean I mean well you know you know so Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is well so well um I mean so you know you know so not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd I mean um like so so okay so like so - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists uh well okay okay I mean I mean so so okay of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in Delhi for uh okay so you know so I mean well okay you know 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the so I mean uh I mean like I mean so okay so area of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing um well um well like okay well well so at North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, um okay you know so well uh I mean well I mean whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Democratic okay well well okay well okay you know I mean um party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, and you know uh okay you know I mean so uh I mean well subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat well so uh you know okay like well so okay of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the Hamburg well um so well okay um so okay uh Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Sox uh like well uh okay well well um uh sold out every home game (794 regular season uh you know um okay um uh I mean so well games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold out well I mean like uh well uh um you know well its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was so well um you know like I mean you know I mean um forbidden because she was a grave murderer, and he like so well I mean um okay like like I mean was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, and well you know like uh like uh well I mean you know the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea you know okay uh okay uh you know well okay I mean River and Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan I mean I mean I mean so well um well you know um Golf Tour, where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the you know okay well um like I mean uh like well territory until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's well like uh okay um I mean okay um um desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan you know okay uh I mean so so I mean like so supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' like uh uh uh I mean uh so uh okay (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then okay okay like well well like like like uh played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who okay so so I mean well well um well so has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered so um like like well you know you know well so in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with shares okay um so I mean well uh um okay well traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 you know um um um uh you know so I mean so % of the shares however most of its holdings in uh I mean like okay well uh you know well well the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day well you know so okay like you know like I mean well medical study of gender variance is much broader than uh I mean you know okay I mean so uh um I mean Benjamin's early description, and use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds I mean uh uh I mean uh okay like like I mean business out of Denver, Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed into um like I mean like um uh I mean so you know - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of so I mean okay like I mean you know uh well uh a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the interior of okay like uh um well you know okay well well a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle muscles attach, you know uh I mean I mean um um I mean you know so which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son um um you know well uh uh okay so um of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of satellites and um well you know I mean uh uh so like um some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose uh well uh you know well um like okay you know central character is a recently - married male uh um so so well so well you know so sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems like I mean uh I mean like I mean I mean like um of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the granting um um like uh well so okay okay so of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in uh like um uh like I mean well well you know 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act uh well okay uh um I mean um so you know of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era like like okay okay uh you know um I mean well when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; you know uh uh you know like well you know I mean uh he is an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; juvenile I mean okay well well okay okay like um I mean woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy Ragsdale, okay like um like like um well well um who had died in an auto accident near College Station, uh so so I mean okay so you know so uh Texas on the way to see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is um um I mean um uh um okay you know you know a Greek football player currently playing as a so okay you know so um um uh I mean um left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha de Vera so well so so uh okay you know uh well Cruz went into disuse, for it was reckognised it was okay so like like well so um like I mean a continent, not an island anymore; and before you know like I mean I mean uh I mean um well well the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series okay like I mean well uh like I mean um uh 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a I mean I mean you know uh um like uh uh so New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had a you know like so um I mean okay I mean like uh wide - ranging interest in natural history, such well I mean so so you know so um well I mean that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish um uh I mean so like so so you know I mean former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era as so uh you know like um you know well you know well a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( well um I mean okay you know um um um so also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was uh well uh so okay okay I mean well um a meeting of several high - level al - you know so I mean I mean um so well okay I mean Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time well well so um um uh so you know uh by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked you know I mean well I mean so I mean okay um so his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname given like like so I mean like uh I mean I mean um to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at you know uh uh so um uh okay I mean okay the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice uh uh well like so okay you know I mean well as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the well like so so uh uh okay uh well church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and I mean okay um okay uh I mean well uh like price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, uh um so you know well you know you know uh so 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a you know you know so you know you know I mean uh like um trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer so uh so so well uh uh okay like from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in 1999, uh uh uh um um so I mean uh uh and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the well uh you know I mean so so so well like club, as all of the team's foreign player you know like I mean so I mean um um like okay spots were used up; he was quickly loaned you know um well well uh um so well um out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of I mean you know I mean okay uh like uh so uh Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's Ian well well so um uh I mean you know like well Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' Himes said well um like okay you know um like okay so that he was troubled by several actions by I mean you know um you know I mean okay like I mean um the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because well um you know like so like okay like okay of heavy traffic, it used to be at you know um I mean so so uh so I mean uh the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was like so well um okay like I mean so uh a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies very okay you know uh so like well like I mean um close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the I mean like I mean uh well uh I mean so you know entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Township well okay okay so well uh I mean okay so Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for okay like you know uh okay I mean uh so so District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he gives uh well okay like so um well well well some details and after some research, Julie learns I mean you know like you know okay so like like um that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & you know okay I mean okay like like like well well Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow okay okay okay um okay like you know like you know Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership well so um uh I mean you know so okay well known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not okay okay okay well you know well you know um I mean choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, although it okay uh like so you know uh um I mean you know seems that he was able to have a portion you know uh well um um like like I mean so of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants uh uh you know like okay uh I mean so well offer variants of siopao with local ingredients ranging from okay um well um you know well like I mean I mean Spam and canned pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television you know you know I mean um well you know um well well show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually uh I mean you know you know well uh okay you know okay performed first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the I mean okay well okay like I mean like you know uh U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th so so you know you know I mean well like so well Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large uh well you know um so um okay you know okay collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school uh well you know you know I mean uh well so okay in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead referring uh I mean um like so uh uh um so back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 um you know so uh so well well okay okay when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where okay uh um I mean so well um so uh the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, I mean um so well I mean um so so okay 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other things, okay well okay uh I mean like okay um okay claimed to have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar I mean uh um okay uh okay like okay okay Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from like I mean well well you know so okay okay you know critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % well you know so okay so uh uh you know you know of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so I mean okay okay um so well you know you know I mean he asks Peter to lock up the store like you know um I mean like okay I mean I mean well for him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit like so okay okay you know um uh okay like woman living in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 uh I mean okay I mean uh like um well well Jacobite Rebellion, whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed uh like so like okay okay uh I mean I mean with her and kept the cell she lived in dry um okay uh well okay you know like uh okay by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', um well um so uh uh well okay um Snuka faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill um you know you know uh well okay well well I mean match, however, the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' are uh I mean okay uh so you know um I mean you know unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: for um um okay you know like I mean you know well okay example, a vignette about a house belonging to a okay um um you know uh I mean uh you know like collection of vignettes or a whole story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer or like um you know uh um um um okay um outside lane, since the edge of the road well uh um like you know so like uh uh nearer to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the group, okay well so uh like I mean you know I mean um featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on most okay like uh uh you know well like uh uh tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, um so like okay I mean so like well um because if the population became mostly French, there could um you know so well um okay you know I mean um be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the you know so I mean uh so I mean I mean I mean well Monarchy decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, um you know I mean um I mean um I mean uh um he falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights uh okay okay okay well okay like you know I mean and barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if well uh you know I mean um okay I mean um uh the tunnel is closed, as well as radio so so okay I mean um I mean well well well coverage and a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with like well you know well I mean um um okay I mean one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues and with six I mean uh so I mean uh well okay so you know of their starting position players, three of their five starting pitchers, um okay okay um well like well uh so and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by um okay I mean uh uh well so you know well a Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than well so uh okay uh so um I mean like 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is well I mean well uh um okay well okay okay one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the inspiration like like um you know um you know so so so for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince well like okay I mean like okay well you know okay in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad Money' so well I mean well like okay you know well uh set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the um well you know so okay like you know like you know stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion like you know okay I mean uh so you know uh um concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is a um so like um well like well uh so classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre like you know uh I mean you know well so like um on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese well um okay I mean so uh I mean uh well at the University of London was born in 1913 well well you know like like well you know like I mean in Kha - ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm well well uh I mean well okay so like like workers, as there were no locals elected as staff and uh you know so like so um so like like because the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to so uh um um uh so you know so like membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe like you know okay well uh um so um you know at a cafe when her car breaks down, however you know I mean well okay so uh um okay well she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, you know so well I mean uh okay I mean uh okay revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able to face well like so I mean okay like well you know uh these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to I mean uh so I mean uh well so well so the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given by I mean you know okay you know so you know like like you know Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was named town you know well I mean well okay I mean uh so um of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, well like you know so like uh so so like most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in the well I mean like like uh you know you know um you know United Kingdom means a person or organization whose business like okay well you know well okay you know so I mean is to market real estate on behalf of clients, um I mean um so okay I mean like well um but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual okay so well so like I mean I mean so um exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is like you know you know so so okay uh like I mean better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate well like well um okay well I mean so well were major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that okay you know okay so okay so like well uh were strong states with strong kings who held I mean you know okay um so like um so uh an advanced legal and taxation systems, with religion serving to so um like okay you know I mean you know you know okay legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the like so okay like so uh um you know so Hoosier Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, like I mean you know uh uh so okay you know like football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 1950) is the uh um you know like like like well okay like Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the I mean so well I mean like um um um well same name, and is located on the northwestern shore okay okay okay well like okay I mean well okay of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the like uh okay like like you know uh uh you know Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD well like uh uh okay like uh like okay is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a I mean I mean so you know like well okay um like retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle um okay so okay I mean so I mean uh I mean Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and um uh you know like um well so well okay the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started well okay um you know so well I mean um okay his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had uh um like um I mean um like okay so brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Constantine built um well um so I mean well like uh well the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, i okay um well well okay well I mean like like. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire was you know like like um um okay uh okay uh fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic um well uh so so so so uh you know society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation I mean so okay okay you know uh I mean like so from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, well um you know um like you know well like um fielding youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and so well uh so like uh so well um a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core of I mean uh so you know um so um like like a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm uh I mean like okay like uh so I mean you know history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer uh you know uh okay I mean so you know I mean so and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come I mean you know so um well okay like I mean so as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) was uh uh like like okay uh you know so okay an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, like you know I mean uh uh like um you know uh the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy in uh um uh okay like um so well like a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has been um um you know um uh um um um I mean 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for okay uh like well you know you know I mean like you know Ulster at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree you know like um uh um I mean like uh you know (J. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) so well um well uh you know okay okay okay. Degree as well as joint degrees in Master of like um like like you know well okay well okay Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were okay I mean so so you know um um I mean okay offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of um um um okay um well you know you know so Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along with talk so uh like so so uh like you know um about iStories, and talk about iPods, a nice, growing, active well so okay I mean like well um okay you know community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators like like so okay you know um uh I mean so with octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, um you know I mean um well uh well um okay while the built - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - brigade okay I mean um you know um like uh you know um devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in the okay uh I mean you know I mean I mean so uh you know fifth round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL draft, you know like like I mean um I mean well uh okay McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to okay um um so well so um well uh a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center of um well so um so I mean like like like a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central well okay you know uh you know you know so you know well location and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have um uh uh like I mean so so like okay also mirrored the national trend of rapid um well like I mean okay I mean you know so so increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over forty songs, like like uh you know okay so well I mean so with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team I mean I mean so okay so um like uh I mean based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', Michaels I mean uh uh like uh you know I mean like you know vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained to well um like okay so uh I mean like uh fans that he was informed by doctors that uh so uh uh um okay you know I mean so he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain in okay so um um uh well well uh I mean Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could um so well uh I mean so uh um you know ride to meet Shelby with his entire force, so um um like you know I mean like I mean so so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune feat. Fukase um uh okay like I mean uh like like okay as the opening theme for the first eight episodes and then uh like okay okay um like uh like okay from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, but you know you know okay you know well like uh okay like a six - part comic book series 'from the minds' um okay you know well um uh like like like of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley like uh well so well you know well uh um and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) well like you know okay so like I mean um I mean is an American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a cast well you know well uh you know well okay uh you know member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages okay well so um well I mean like you know you know of the Paris electors ten days later, and the so well you know you know so uh uh uh so Mountain was strengthened by the accession of an ally okay you know um like uh you know okay you know you know whose one idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and well okay okay well so so like well like the word 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete um uh like like so like like so okay measure at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville received her I mean um well like okay like I mean uh like primary education at home, later studying art in Paris in okay like so like I mean so so I mean like 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and stood well I mean I mean okay um okay you know you know uh as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn so um you know you know you know you know you know um um by the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the okay uh um I mean I mean so um so you know U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers and um you know you know like I mean uh uh okay well it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to so like I mean um uh like so um you know add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the you know um okay well well like okay um I mean 'Dragonaut - The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu like I mean uh so well I mean you know like um Ono and produced by G. D. H uh like um like uh uh uh uh so. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD you know you know uh so okay I mean so I mean well 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 you know um uh well so um uh I mean well steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Straits, uh uh um so you know well um okay um then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking well like okay I mean you know like like okay okay voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a plasma, so like you know you know like so I mean okay okay and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the um you know like um I mean you know okay okay like abode of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who like uh you know okay well like um like so gained control of the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali uh so um you know well well uh so well Berisha had advocated for a president elected by direct popular you know uh so well uh so um I mean so suffrage, but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, so I mean I mean uh you know like like I mean well but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria so you know like so okay like okay okay like began to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian uh okay uh uh okay uh like I mean like comedy TV series that was first aired on October so you know so um I mean um um um uh 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 to um um you know uh you know uh you know I mean okay May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; well okay like I mean I mean I mean okay um uh his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, California on 6 well so so so I mean I mean you know I mean I mean June 1976, at the age of 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept well you know um like you know uh so like so quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's um I mean well so okay okay uh like okay re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, was taken well well I mean okay I mean like uh so like up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 miles of um like like um uh uh so um I mean Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at I mean so uh okay um I mean well so I mean the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th well well well like so so so uh uh anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the relevant well well um I mean like um like you know okay country and are often as detailed in their design as okay uh so well you know so um you know uh banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county uh I mean um so so okay I mean uh okay until 1897, however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by well um you know um I mean uh like well I mean Miles Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les you know okay well well uh like like well like - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his okay okay like you know so well uh you know you know observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with like uh okay okay you know like like uh like friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage Mutant I mean so well well you know so I mean you know so Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, I mean uh uh um so you know so uh I mean 1986 in Ventura, California) played his college career at so you know so okay like uh uh okay well Ventura College for his freshman and sophomore year, well so I mean like well um so uh uh before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az you know uh you know I mean like okay okay so you know Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional uh uh okay well uh well well like well revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those um like well I mean like well okay so like of a Reader (grade F) and an associate professor until well um like well uh okay I mean so so 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a Canadian uh so uh you know so I mean so uh well professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was well so well I mean uh you know well uh well incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight well so um I mean well okay like uh so on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo like um uh okay you know um well you know you know at right) was adopted in 1965 when the okay like okay so like well uh well you know down Wairarapa track was moved from the west to the like you know okay okay um like you know uh uh east of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the I mean I mean um um um like uh um um United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, so you know well um well okay you know uh you know is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1 like uh well I mean like well so I mean uh. 85 km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and maintains uh um so well I mean so okay like uh more than four million square feet of inventory nationwide and um I mean I mean like like you know so I mean uh ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment um like like I mean like like um okay well needs -- founding a small farm -- and initiated a well you know like like um uh so you know like youth addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months so I mean okay okay I mean uh uh so I mean behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed in uh um so well I mean you know uh so you know April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of I mean uh you know well you know well okay well I mean Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, uh um okay you know okay you know okay well well 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary um well okay like uh you know you know you know like mathematical tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the okay like so I mean so like like uh like transformation from one system into another -- it was you know you know like so okay so um like you know Poincaré in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is you know so like you know you know like um well so 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at well like um so well um I mean I mean uh ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded so like okay so uh okay um okay like Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls um uh uh so well I mean like uh um and paste with mud for their thatched huts um well I mean um uh you know uh I mean well in villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in 1971 well uh you know like like so um like well and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in you know you know uh I mean like okay uh you know you know Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of uh okay so uh um uh like I mean so his career, he fell on hard times towards the um um uh okay uh well so okay um end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming um I mean you know um I mean you know okay uh okay Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Heck and you know um um like you know like uh well like is a powerful mystic, born over five hundred years ago I mean okay uh well I mean you know uh well uh in the mystic city of Kamar - Taj, a well I mean you know uh I mean like uh I mean like village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) I mean uh okay so like I mean you know I mean well is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy and uh well like like you know well like well so The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking the limelight so you know so well like well so you know so as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and a well you know well you know um like okay you know uh member of the Swedish parliament as a member of the uh like I mean well okay um um so uh Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by uh um so okay um okay like well well the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection so okay so so well um well you know well and forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons with okay so I mean like um um like um like Fremantle without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was I mean um uh you know uh you know you know um so called up by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to I mean so um I mean I mean you know you know like so be part of his squad for the 2007 so I mean like okay uh well okay okay so European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and so uh uh uh um like like I mean well as a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in the well uh like uh so like um uh so accident, that her significant other was never found, and that okay uh I mean so I mean well uh um okay Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his uh um um okay okay okay okay you know uh talents in the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at well you know like well so um um I mean okay the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly so I mean I mean well um so um I mean um swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, uh so so I mean uh like okay you know okay Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, well like so like you know so I mean um so keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for well okay um so like okay I mean you know okay such bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such like I mean I mean I mean like I mean like uh um producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program um okay you know um uh like well okay like in Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure like uh I mean I mean I mean so so you know you know program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of um well well okay I mean like okay so you know Montezuma, Indiana in Parke County, Indiana and is um okay I mean you know you know I mean like like um a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to look similar like you know okay well you know so so um well and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to so I mean I mean well I mean you know um you know um run through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from you know well like okay uh so like you know you know local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 like well like well um you know like I mean so were cancelled in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from so so okay okay okay I mean okay I mean I mean 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable well um well um so uh I mean well okay glass wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set up um well well so I mean like so like like a private medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian you know I mean okay well okay I mean like I mean uh funding: these came to naught, except that name of I mean okay okay I mean so so um you know so the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate um okay well well you know well I mean okay um parent company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July like well you know you know like uh um so I mean 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered uh you know so I mean like you know okay um okay in New York City on December 13, 2016 you know um so I mean uh uh uh I mean well and had a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 you know uh you know um uh you know um like okay general election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the well you know you know so you know well okay well you know 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' like I mean well so well well um you know like and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and educated I mean okay you know uh uh so I mean you know uh at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, uh um uh um like uh I mean okay you know Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to guard you know so like I mean you know so like okay like the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish okay um okay okay well so okay well you know - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and you know you know um uh I mean um I mean uh uh associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan like okay okay I mean I mean you know you know like uh Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, Khara, uh I mean well um uh like well um like Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the so well I mean um so you know I mean like I mean Ruhr area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC I mean so I mean well like uh well I mean well (30 August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, uh okay uh so okay um okay so I mean but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a restricted uh well like um I mean so well well I mean free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved you know I mean I mean uh uh well I mean like okay to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students you know you know uh like okay I mean uh I mean okay of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar like uh you know so okay like uh so you know School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County School um like like well so um uh well um System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a like well um um uh um uh um so garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were like um uh so you know like I mean okay like taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard um okay um um I mean so like I mean okay and was held in the Round House until he was um uh uh so like you know so you know well hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school okay well um um well I mean well I mean okay each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as one of uh uh you know um like like uh like um Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education and the leading I mean so well you know I mean like you know um um ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album um uh uh like okay so okay uh so featured the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', which um okay I mean like uh you know um I mean um although never a single for Kersh himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students uh I mean well like well you know well okay uh for the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit I mean uh so like you know you know uh well okay a wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North well uh um well um I mean well well uh Korean football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, like um I mean you know uh um well uh um similar to many other sci - fi shooters, and could you know well well so uh uh so um uh be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 uh uh you know well um you know I mean you know like and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA like I mean you know like okay well well you know okay Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics well uh I mean uh you know well okay so well needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that well okay okay so so so so uh like will end automatically if the condition of the grantor well like you know you know you know uh so so I mean occurs and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and well I mean so I mean so um like okay I mean on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from okay um well so like you know well okay okay the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, you know uh you know like so uh um you know like February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of Charles um so well so okay you know I mean well um V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by so well I mean I mean okay you know like you know okay Beefeater, aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available in okay uh so well so uh okay um uh the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or so you know well well I mean you know well uh um 17th century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated you know like I mean like like um like um like by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of Independence, like uh um I mean you know um uh uh okay after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed on so so well uh I mean um well you know um a large scale in some areas of China, frog legs you know uh you know you know you know like I mean like you know cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely so okay okay well like so like I mean I mean rare and are some of the most desired uh okay like so so um like so you know items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered at like okay you know um um so you know like uh the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many uh uh well well so like so I mean I mean rapids some of with are the Rapides de Cap - well so like well like okay I mean like okay Saint - Jacques on the north western tip I mean okay um I mean uh well you know you know you know of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged well okay okay so like uh like so well Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, with uh like uh um uh you know okay like I mean Richards moving into it for the last two okay I mean well like so uh like uh okay rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural like so you know um well so okay you know you know complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: uh so like uh so well like okay like on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was shot down okay like okay uh uh okay you know uh uh by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries well okay you know um okay I mean um so you know the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, such so I mean um okay I mean okay you know okay you know as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' role, well you know I mean you know I mean I mean I mean I mean you know because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to okay okay you know well well I mean like well you know her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for well I mean you know so you know okay I mean like well playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, like okay I mean well so uh I mean well uh a branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is okay well you know so I mean like well so um spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game so you know well you know uh well like I mean like in the nation which features a match - up okay so okay so uh like um you know um between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the like like like you know you know uh um um you know first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the like so uh well well okay uh so like nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed in I mean you know I mean um um like like like like 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning um um I mean you know okay um you know well uh of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 um okay you know okay um like um so uh % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a $ like you know um like well uh you know uh like 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of I mean I mean I mean well like so um I mean uh Cornwall, and some services are combined with those of like I mean um you know um um I mean so like Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome like well like like so okay okay like well or POIS, and it was discovered that this stemmed so like well uh okay um uh well um from an allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome you know so um uh you know like like well like where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the death of you know um okay like um well okay you know I mean Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, well well I mean you know uh so uh um uh this lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character so uh okay so well well okay I mean I mean from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received um um uh well uh well I mean uh okay an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city is so well I mean okay like okay I mean you know like $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry okay I mean uh okay um like you know you know well the technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also well uh I mean you know so okay well um well devoting to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on uh uh you know um well uh you know like okay the Street; Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one um okay so um like so so okay uh being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, Germany, okay well you know like well uh like well so and the United States, though they are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and so okay I mean so um uh well well uh is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record I mean okay okay well I mean I mean you know you know like deal with Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, well you know um you know you know you know uh okay I mean and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase so well um like um well well I mean well of her life, she became one of uh okay I mean okay I mean well um like well Venice's resident celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she you know okay I mean you know I mean you know I mean okay uh sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial I mean okay um uh uh you know so you know like reasons before construction began, and the line was planned instead I mean okay like okay well okay you know um um to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's continual alcohol you know you know so okay I mean I mean uh um like abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch you know you know well okay uh I mean uh I mean okay Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of the Donegal you know you know uh so um well so well okay Gaeltacht and with a population of just over 16 well I mean okay so um okay so well uh 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air France, I mean uh you know I mean well so uh um uh Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System. And holds today so um okay okay um I mean okay uh uh the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging well well I mean you know um uh um you know so in the late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of like I mean so um um well well uh um Marxism who believed that the transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee you know like okay I mean I mean um well so well for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag Ismail uh you know um so I mean well so like uh Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's famed you know um okay um well okay you know so okay Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the uh I mean well I mean okay um um like so PA Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, so so okay like well um okay um uh the highway is meant to connect directly the communities uh uh well uh I mean uh like you know so in the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, to uh like uh um so well like um so resign in July 1781, McKean was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in so like um um you know you know uh like like a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks well okay you know uh I mean like uh well well with trains to the city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', um you know okay so okay I mean you know okay okay in wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an like well um um you know well I mean uh well independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t so like uh you know uh well so um so - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough like so I mean well you know you know uh uh uh of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when like um like uh okay uh I mean like uh a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the uh so uh uh well like um um you know age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part in his okay um um like like uh like so uh first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an um uh I mean okay I mean I mean like like like American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Wilkes I mean like you know I mean well well uh okay well - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 like uh um well like well okay okay so Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during inspection I mean I mean like okay so well so um okay in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier Bagnoud' you know okay well like um okay okay like uh ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from you know well um you know well so I mean like uh film critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's I mean so I mean um um um like um uh performances, the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman and I mean like you know well um so so so so so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where um so um I mean I mean you know um you know um she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter uh um uh uh um uh um like like she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the like like okay okay so um I mean you know um prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February uh um so uh um okay uh like okay 1809), son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a like well well well so I mean okay well like Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen and well well so like you know like um um uh what he was doing, one survivor said um okay um okay I mean okay uh um so Wilde was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to I mean well uh so so uh so so um vote during the whole week and the winner was decided well okay um uh like I mean I mean you know okay only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying um you know well okay okay uh you know okay well force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 so I mean so well like um I mean um you know troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development like I mean um I mean well okay so I mean um of the textile industry and created a new type uh uh well well so uh um um okay of deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with so I mean you know so so um um um I mean rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners well uh well um um well um I mean like up in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to I mean you know um you know well uh you know I mean uh Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester United's well you know okay well like okay so so uh Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for I mean um you know so well okay well um okay the United States to study communications and political science at Drexel I mean like uh so I mean okay I mean um I mean University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut State University to be so like like I mean um you know I mean um okay near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against like you know uh um uh okay uh you know so what they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family you know um I mean okay I mean you know so like so court policies, and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden so okay well like okay you know you know okay so rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets the so you know I mean you know uh I mean so well um dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he turned you know well okay uh like well you know so well to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and finished you know I mean uh well okay well well you know well 8th out of the 25 competing countries, I mean you know you know um like you know I mean so okay giving Ireland its best result in eleven like uh well so so you know uh okay like years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her like uh you know uh you know uh um uh I mean grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), you know so like okay like uh you know okay I mean attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game okay um like um uh well well I mean uh (in North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves um okay uh uh you know well um so so on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on you know well um uh okay okay I mean you know uh the application of the Bill of Rights to an infringing okay uh um uh like okay um okay like statute, the general opinion was that the Bill of like uh um uh okay you know so so okay Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his okay you know like okay uh uh so well I mean brother, the latter was apprised of the same uh um uh uh you know well um so okay by their common mother Kunti and hence even though you know okay uh well uh you know um um I mean he was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) okay well like uh um like um um I mean kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process you know so okay you know um well okay okay uh that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he knew Mitch um so you know you know well okay uh well um (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old as a Rookie uh okay uh so you know um so you know okay and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David Bakan and I mean you know you know uh I mean um like so um the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is I mean okay you know I mean okay well um uh I mean an English former professional footballer who was most recently uh you know you know I mean well like I mean um uh the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical like uh so uh I mean um uh okay um stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released a 45 um I mean I mean you know you know like like uh I mean - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, which' okay well so you know like uh uh well so included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers like so you know so I mean okay well okay so told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, I mean uh I mean um uh I mean so I mean you know Wiseau paid to keep the billboard up for over uh well okay so okay well well like uh four years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between you know I mean uh so like like uh okay well 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in so well um so so so I mean I mean I mean 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town well so so you know so you know um okay uh and all of the things he accomplished were shattered you know you know um well so like okay like uh into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is uh you know I mean well you know so you know well okay editor - in - chief at The Daily Wire, I mean I mean uh okay I mean well like okay like an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is okay um you know okay I mean well so okay uh a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - okay you know I mean so uh well like um uh Zambia) and also a final year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of okay um well uh um so so so like her energies on music production, but she is well like uh like I mean um I mean so like also playing a weekly residency gig as a member well okay okay um okay well so you know um of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', okay so like so well uh uh like well produced by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj um so um I mean well well like like okay Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is like so um like uh I mean so okay um a highly - selective liberal arts college and one of three like you know um I mean I mean uh uh well you know official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European Championships you know so you know um um um okay you know well -- helping the national team finish second at Euro well okay like I mean you know like like you know okay 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more I mean uh you know okay uh um like like okay than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England uh well so um I mean okay well okay uh with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, establish um like well okay I mean well um okay you know and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is you know okay okay you know okay well well you know okay Japanese, his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of you know uh you know I mean well I mean so I mean well such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is okay okay you know uh well okay uh uh so a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been I mean I mean like uh I mean uh like so uh performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), okay so so um you know uh you know well well and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid subtropical well um you know so okay um well like you know region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such you know um um so um uh okay so uh as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar so so uh like like I mean so like like Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist Party so so like you know I mean uh so well well of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags okay like okay okay so well uh like um behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % uh uh well okay uh like well so I mean vs. 82 % in 2005), and several of the larger um okay you know well um uh like I mean well firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 I mean I mean okay um I mean well uh so you know and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an I mean um okay um you know like uh uh uh observation of the sun which had briefly emerged from uh well like so so like okay so okay the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an American stand you know you know um you know well um so I mean okay - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance okay um like uh okay like well um well in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security well like uh well uh I mean uh well I mean forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic well so like well well like uh I mean okay stage performance with live singing and acting, you know well uh uh well uh you know well you know were written and staged in Goa, since the time it I mean okay uh uh well so well okay um evolved during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - okay okay okay you know um um well uh I mean girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but well okay um well well so you know uh so grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally um like um well you know like well um um accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland for £ well like I mean I mean uh well so uh you know 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, though um like um um well like like I mean like he was frequently called on to take part in murders; um um um uh I mean I mean well you know like indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, uh so well like so well I mean okay I mean as he cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was so um so okay um okay like so um especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when you know well okay I mean like um okay I mean I mean it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of you know so uh like so okay um so you know luxury forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for I mean like I mean well uh like I mean uh uh deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and small um well um like well okay so okay so roof application because of its hot air weldability. This means if you know I mean you know like you know I mean okay uh well you have copied this then you have a so well well uh you know you know okay okay like small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate as like well okay you know you know you know well so you know being pushed out of office, and there has been talk well um um you know okay you know okay well okay of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action you know um uh you know okay uh I mean well you know setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 I mean you know I mean like so uh okay um well acres, plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, like uh okay you know I mean uh well you know okay and has a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation uh I mean well like so like okay you know well including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among okay I mean um okay okay um I mean well so the passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in Korea um well so uh okay uh um uh well and Jang received her big break with her cute so like I mean you know I mean I mean uh um well image and so as the other young stars in well well well like um um I mean uh you know the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and you know uh well I mean so you know well so so opens up a new area of international production, which at I mean so so well uh so okay you know like first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial well I mean I mean um I mean I mean so like I mean investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee uh well like well okay um okay well like and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the you know I mean um uh okay well um um so north and the Mississippi state line on the south, with the you know like like so uh like you know I mean um Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury okay okay I mean so like I mean so okay you know following an incident with a BB gun; he would later well well well so I mean um you know um I mean say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of the Penza uh I mean well so I mean okay okay um you know Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in several companies okay okay so uh okay I mean okay um um as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in Santos, well you know so I mean well so I mean I mean uh Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, you know um I mean uh well you know well um I mean making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, okay you know okay um okay like um um you know Twickenham, England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History well uh you know I mean okay I mean um um uh at the University of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's so okay like like well okay um um uh disease, and died three years later of complications from you know I mean okay I mean so okay you know I mean um the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one of so okay I mean like so well you know you know well the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re um you know I mean well uh so I mean like so matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium like you know well okay uh you know like okay I mean in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all home games like like well uh like okay well you know okay rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic like so uh okay um so um okay okay video signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for example like like well um so like okay okay well sending the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements so well um um so I mean like you know well to Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to like like uh like I mean so like um I mean produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but uh um well uh I mean uh uh okay well Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously so okay um so you know so okay I mean um President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, a you know okay um you know like well okay well you know division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management I mean I mean I mean well uh uh well uh um of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it so okay okay like so like like uh so joined University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and in um uh you know you know uh um well uh I mean 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local fishermen, okay uh okay so well you know uh um you know 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an um well um um I mean I mean okay uh so English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism and so you know like well like I mean okay like like nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism well okay um um you know like okay okay well is a common project shared amongst all citizens like I mean like well like I mean like I mean well which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest uh okay you know like uh like um I mean you know from communities and organizations throughout the country, and in I mean uh uh um um you know okay you know okay 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at Christian okay you know uh uh I mean well uh you know you know Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the okay like like you know like you know like like okay realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration I mean well you know well uh uh like you know um of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, you know like I mean um well so I mean I mean like 2013 and did the tenth birthday of the show uh well like uh uh so like so um on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and November, uh like you know you know like okay you know um uh students are informed of their results in the following okay okay okay I mean well okay well I mean um March, and those who receive offers decide by the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best okay like like um uh so like um I mean known for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular well well I mean uh uh I mean um like I mean Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than what money okay like well so um I mean well like so has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at well like I mean I mean so um so you know so beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid like you know um you know I mean so um I mean like race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over okay okay um um so like okay okay well the state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central okay I mean you know okay okay um so so well campus is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn Monroe you know like you know um um you know well I mean uh in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his okay I mean uh okay well um well like okay seat as a peer (twenty - five being the necessary so well well so um you know well so um age), but he retained other rights, and this, combined with so uh okay I mean um like okay I mean so his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated so well okay so um I mean uh uh um the existing schools in its public education system, most of okay well well um like you know uh you know well which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has well like like so okay uh um okay well a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland before his vessel uh so like you know okay I mean well well uh capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award so um I mean okay I mean um okay um you know was collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners uh you know um I mean okay okay um um well the Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) well well well I mean um like well I mean so which was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a uh so uh I mean uh like uh well uh computer programmer before becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks so um like you know so I mean uh well so and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his bag down, I mean okay like I mean like I mean like uh like he refused and approached the federal air marshals in so you know like I mean uh uh well you know well an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a green uh so I mean well um okay I mean uh uh shirt that has her symbol on it and so um uh so okay so okay so like exposes her lower belly and navel, with her hair back. She okay uh you know you know so so um I mean so rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks well uh okay okay uh um well I mean so interacting with each other and their environment, as well two pirate you know um like um like I mean so like like ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation so I mean I mean you know I mean well you know like uh of the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against so well I mean you know like um I mean I mean you know the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated I mean uh like like okay uh so like um Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread like uh I mean um you know like so you know uh large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later after um so well like okay I mean uh you know so appearing in a television series as the extramarital interest of you know like um I mean you know I mean well so well a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with um um I mean uh so okay uh like um research focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained um uh like like you know okay so like um by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering you know I mean you know uh I mean like so okay uh division of Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel okay okay well you know you know um well um uh without the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior you know uh like so like uh you know okay um to the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also has so well so uh like well well so okay a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street, well you know um uh um like so uh you know South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for services but like like well um you know like okay I mean uh is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart uh uh okay well okay you know um like uh to Tōdai - ji and it is the main so so like like so uh okay uh you know temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records for season so I mean um well like well you know so um strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she also achieved okay well uh so um like um like um the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a formulation well okay like uh um like okay um um sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be completely converted so uh so like well so like so uh to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he recorded vocal um okay well like well I mean uh um like on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a Rich Man' from I mean okay okay so um okay okay so um the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Braithwaite, well so okay I mean well I mean uh I mean uh Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are uh uh like um well like okay so well generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or you know uh well well well I mean well um so rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, you know I mean I mean well okay uh well uh so which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient in their so like okay okay so you know you know okay well proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college you know um I mean okay uh okay um you know I mean common room; he leads his friends and the students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served you know you know you know okay I mean well I mean well um in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach you know um like like I mean you know so like okay the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his you know um well um I mean um like so well position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the uh so uh okay like like okay like like Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and like um I mean so um well uh so um frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by okay okay uh you know okay uh uh like um all reactive functional groups and two functional groups in which uh okay uh okay I mean okay you know um okay the reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution so uh well like so okay I mean well I mean and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the nurse uh like I mean well okay uh so uh so who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in you know well okay so I mean so so I mean um Hawaii and known for big wave surfing during the I mean um um like you know I mean uh uh like winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing I mean like like um I mean okay uh so well competition and the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing competition uh you know uh well well like you know I mean um and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which well you know like so so uh so well um was featured in the debut episode of I mean you know um um I mean you know okay I mean well the television series, is featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit okay you know so well uh I mean so um um for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis so well I mean like like uh uh you know like where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar bill, like I mean well like um you know you know you know I mean he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four you know you know like so you know um okay so um sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor so you know um well well like well um well from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully you know you know you know you know uh you know so you know you know cleared his Law examination. At the age of twenty I mean well so well so well well uh um one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion designer, graphic okay um like so so uh um I mean like designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on like I mean um okay um I mean I mean um like a large scale, which can be both good and bad, uh okay like so uh like uh well um because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' ) you know um like like like well um I mean um are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as a snack, like um uh like um I mean I mean like well or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check um you know uh I mean okay okay so okay like to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him like like well okay you know well you know um like instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name with probably so like I mean um okay like like uh you know less than 300 families around the globe. The bunt community you know like I mean you know well um okay like well members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as Regent, okay okay so um you know so so so you know and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was uh you know well well you know you know I mean like uh sent up shortly after the accident to search for uh um you know well uh well well well like the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident okay um you know like okay okay well um so area, and many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes um um so I mean so okay well like I mean. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, Panis um you know so um well like like well I mean Rahl because he had found out that his father was so so you know like uh uh so you know um going to kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within well well I mean okay like you know like um like the Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially the so okay okay you know well um you know you know so space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near like you know okay so um so uh you know well - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris in you know um like well you know you know well uh well 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli like so I mean okay like um okay uh uh Studi di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', okay okay you know so uh you know I mean you know um UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as part of well I mean I mean like okay so you know okay so the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by so so like so you know well um uh like Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back uh so okay um like you know so uh okay to Aldby Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort Knox, uh uh uh you know okay um so you know uh Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 okay so well I mean I mean I mean like uh you know spectators, and it is one of the few um like uh um you know like okay like you know dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote well um like well okay so you know well like areas of the Island, such as the Camp Academia site so I mean um so you know I mean so well okay situated at elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, um like okay well you know uh uh well so Wörner Gap area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group uh you know um uh like like so well you know sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while so well uh well you know you know okay so you know still a teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in Halifax like you know so well like like I mean well well Canada and has received many other pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast okay I mean I mean okay I mean um so um um as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance so um okay uh well uh okay like so to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the like I mean so uh you know um okay uh so Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of US okay okay I mean you know you know you know okay I mean so counties with a county police department called the Union County like okay uh okay um well like well you know Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and well well like well um uh okay you know okay Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, okay okay so okay well um well well um including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is like okay okay uh you know um you know you know um a French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is you know well okay like um so so okay okay known as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton I mean okay uh I mean um okay um like like and Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues well okay I mean so uh okay you know uh I mean rock band Derek and the Dominos, as the uh well well um um I mean um I mean you know thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 you know so you know um so um so so like - 105 on March 18, with their import Paul well like well I mean well well like um like McCracken scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather uh I mean like I mean so well like so well similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII encodes I mean okay uh okay so like okay um I mean letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his I mean uh so uh okay uh so like you know father died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, like um okay so uh well like well I mean the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, well okay um you know like well I mean you know um covering a varied array of female forms and expressing so you know like you know okay you know you know so like many different emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a um so so okay uh I mean well you know I mean very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in I mean so so you know okay um like well you know 1991, and won by The United States, though it and I mean okay you know uh so um well like um the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development so um so well well um okay well um of the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it does you know okay okay okay so uh well um I mean this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears well like like um well um well like you know on stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed you know you know you know um well I mean I mean well you know an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming a I mean so okay you know like like like I mean you know successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form well okay so you know you know uh um um well of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices um well well well okay okay okay um well to alter the track and require quick reactions to uh uh um okay like I mean well you know okay get on the right course, while Simulation racing games like like well um so you know I mean so so might include tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although like so you know you know you know okay you know um okay the Code was not established until 1685, the Code so okay I mean I mean okay so um like well Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co. He okay you know um okay well you know well like okay was a founder in 1831 of the so uh um um like uh so so so Bank of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; I mean um you know okay like you know well uh so born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, from well uh you know like okay like like I mean I mean 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1936 ) uh okay I mean like so uh okay okay I mean Is a Japanese classical composer and also composes for anime, you know you know well okay you know I mean okay I mean so he is mostly known in the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior to the okay you know so uh like okay okay you know you know accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna Mamonya, neither uh well okay um like so like um okay driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 I mean um okay you know so so uh um you know with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the actions taken by uh uh uh uh like well you know okay okay the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser is okay well like like well like um like uh the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 like uh well uh like well you know like you know m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in you know well well I mean I mean you know um uh so 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting members like you know um uh okay uh you know um I mean into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in well uh well you know um you know okay um okay the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to the I mean you know okay okay well like well well I mean territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior uh like okay like well like okay you know uh College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 and well well um like so you know you know uh so this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach like uh I mean you know well I mean so you know well of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France so so okay like so well uh so uh and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the 'Peace okay so okay like so you know I mean uh okay and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized you know um uh um uh uh um uh okay a local vigilante group, and decreed okay you know I mean okay so you know like uh okay that blacks within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career at League like I mean you know um well um um well I mean Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a I mean um you know so well I mean I mean you know uh chain of snack shops in South Wales and so you know I mean uh okay um uh um I mean is a keen singer / songwriter, in 2005 uh uh like uh okay I mean uh like well he won a Karaoke contest at Pontins in Prestatyn, which like like okay okay uh you know like um so led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage you know okay okay uh you know well uh so you know of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of the earliest well like so well you know I mean I mean so well mariners, and the boldness of men in overcoming difficulties okay so like you know so um I mean you know uh set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of um okay so okay so um well so well social debate at the time, leading the New Left to um so you know I mean like like well well like use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics well well I mean so well well uh like so divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the like so like so like I mean um um so only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two most prestigious you know like so you know so you know well I mean I mean races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently so um I mean you know okay I mean like uh so used constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May um you know um I mean I mean well so okay like 2001) was a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author okay well well um like well like I mean okay of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his I mean well um I mean like you know like so well political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous attempt okay okay you know I mean so um well uh so at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de okay um like I mean um okay uh I mean you know formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained well um uh um like um I mean okay okay his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch region, well uh um uh okay okay okay like like both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a like um um I mean um you know okay like um complex consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach you know you know um well well um um you know um volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by you know well okay okay so like like okay you know issuing a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have come like okay um um okay I mean well you know I mean out, still praising them for their bravery, instead he acknowledges uh like so okay you know so like so so how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though I mean um you know so like like I mean I mean okay they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat so so so so you know like you know um like any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that okay you know okay you know you know okay so like I mean dominated the Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment you know like well uh like okay okay um okay as the capital in the late 8th century until uh uh okay I mean I mean um well I mean um the rise of the Shogunate in the 12th okay so well well you know okay so okay like century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the um uh uh like um I mean um um so superbly trained singers, and the use of spectacle as so you know like uh okay well like um um a replacement for dramatic purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about um I mean like okay I mean well well um so him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls and um uh like well you know well you know you know you know snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local well okay you know I mean I mean you know okay like okay habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in okay okay uh I mean um uh okay so uh Toronto, Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office uh so like like so you know I mean so so but with a change in routine - instead you know um uh I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic okay like you know well you know I mean you know okay okay combined, and ski jumping, and after the Olympics so like I mean well so okay okay so um will remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely well I mean uh um you know well okay you know so pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split like okay well like well you know okay well uh by rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, okay so so okay okay like uh um so Corvi moved on to Rome to work under Francesco um uh I mean uh um uh like you know I mean Mancini, working in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo so like okay uh you know like um well I mean of Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, and I mean you know I mean well well uh okay um well is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift so I mean you know um you know I mean I mean um you know as it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place so okay okay uh well um um okay you know of 'F - O - R - D' lettering um like you know so well uh um so I mean on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones well well like okay well you know you know you know okay worked with many musicians who were great talents in so okay so uh well so uh so okay their own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter requirement you know um okay like well I mean um uh so and inventive step under the European Patent Convention (EPC), like so like like okay well um well you know and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film well you know so okay uh um so well uh actor and comedian, who has been credited in many movies well well so uh I mean um well I mean well and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by I mean uh um uh so I mean you know I mean so ships of the United States Navy and Royal Navy uh so uh like well um well well okay on June 25, 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay uh like I mean you know okay I mean like well you know by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy you know well okay so like well uh I mean I mean with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet okay I mean well I mean uh I mean I mean so I mean still managed to give the order to submerge, in I mean you know okay um I mean um well uh like all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, however, okay well well I mean so um uh um well as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and Dan Pelson, um so I mean like you know like you know you know well Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, well um I mean well you know uh like like you know and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi well okay I mean so like like well um I mean and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed Elioak well so I mean okay um um I mean well you know as home while they served in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas probable uh okay um I mean like okay well so okay prime, so it is either prime or it is a Lucas um okay you know so uh uh I mean so you know pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of I mean you know uh uh I mean okay so uh like the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was you know you know okay I mean okay you know I mean like like the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and uh you know uh okay I mean so like so like Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt you know like um you know I mean okay you know uh okay for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford Protocol', uh uh uh I mean well so I mean well well first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to okay like I mean you know um uh like you know well Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to mean I mean uh so so you know um um okay um 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer uh so uh you know um so um you know you know south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in you know well so so uh so like um um May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, well like uh you know I mean I mean um you know um he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros I mean okay um well you know I mean so you know I mean Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed you know um well okay you know you know well uh like in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers uh okay okay um you know so well um I mean are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who like um uh like so well um uh so do not is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge uh I mean well like like um you know uh um designs, in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which you know okay okay so okay okay you know so like has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this well you know well you know well well okay like uh method of writing has is no longer used in modern you know okay I mean um well like well I mean you know written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated well uh like so like uh um you know so catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these you know I mean so okay I mean I mean well you know like tidings and a message concerning a warning by okay so okay um okay you know um um um the Vala Ulmo to the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in so okay I mean um okay I mean well well um Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for you know I mean you know I mean I mean like you know uh like Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government well so okay uh I mean you know I mean so well was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie I mean uh okay like um I mean you know um okay McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, you know uh well so you know so well so so she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains like so okay okay I mean well okay I mean like use the Up and Down main lines, the Down like so so so you know you know well so um loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from I mean um okay okay like so like I mean um the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his you know so okay well well you know you know you know okay allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in 1793, uh so like um well so so okay I mean but his plant material remained with him for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills you know so uh um you know you know I mean so so Mandy, takes his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take I mean um so uh so okay okay um uh him to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and um okay uh um okay so um I mean uh correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American uh so well I mean I mean you know well I mean well actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic like like well um like okay you know I mean uh slogans outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was you know well uh okay you know I mean well you know okay sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the gates okay like um well uh well I mean well okay under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who wish so you know okay so I mean you know um so I mean to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come okay okay so you know you know like I mean I mean uh as his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox I mean okay like well so you know uh you know so had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was um I mean you know well well I mean you know uh so responsible for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone um so I mean I mean okay okay you know I mean um and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells the story so um uh okay uh okay you know um okay of the making of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use okay okay you know okay okay like uh well okay and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet well you know okay so um I mean I mean so well the defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of um um um like like okay you know um like both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established like okay um you know so well um okay okay in 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro uh so you know um um okay um like like League since its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry to like like well okay so well you know I mean uh the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify okay okay I mean like okay so well well I mean for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and short, mild um okay um okay like uh um I mean you know winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more I mean like well well uh so uh I mean um prone to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial you know I mean um um so well like so well Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across you know so like like well like you know I mean you know Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as uh um like like um well uh well I mean 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me uh well like okay you know so you know uh uh Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton uh so you know well um I mean like okay I mean he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth I mean um um I mean uh I mean you know so um by one stroke he carded a -6 66 final round to like uh well um you know I mean well well like beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, like like I mean well well you know okay okay okay University of Sydney; living very simply and it um so I mean um like so like um you know has been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also you know I mean I mean uh you know uh well like okay the Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to refer okay okay like um so um well uh um to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary so well like so uh well okay you know um international law and also the name of a number okay okay you know you know I mean well uh you know you know of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 well I mean um I mean like uh okay uh uh by local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea um uh um um like okay so I mean uh of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then you know I mean like well okay like uh um well owned by the Heart of the Earth survival school, I mean so well well okay I mean um um um associated with the American Indian Movement, who floated well you know um okay um you know like like uh a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), so well I mean you know I mean well well um okay who appeared up on the TitanTron and told well I mean like so okay um well like like Batista that if he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' well well uh I mean well well so well okay and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, um okay uh I mean uh okay like so well the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film so like uh okay well so okay you know okay director in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in 1994 okay um okay uh you know you know I mean you know okay before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an like okay you know uh you know like you know um I mean ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba um so uh okay uh okay uh well so Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second so okay so I mean like so you know well so restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest you know well um you know um okay uh okay so Palpatine, but he is accused of before Palpatine you know uh so so okay okay like like well mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, okay like so uh you know uh um like I mean it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the uh you know like like uh okay um okay I mean 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', so um okay so well um okay you know okay 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School so well uh so well you know okay um I mean in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is well like okay uh well okay like like uh staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' you know uh okay uh well okay so like so (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in um uh you know okay so uh um um so 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town okay you know well like so uh uh like okay of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her no you know um okay like I mean okay I mean I mean uh good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will well okay like so you know you know okay um um find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development of vocabulary and uh okay so you know um like I mean well so language skills, lower - status groups tend okay you know you know well well well so I mean um to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the um okay okay so uh um so uh uh GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of the merger I mean you know well um so well uh uh you know that created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The I mean you know uh I mean so so so uh you know White Swan - as well as a post office, um you know um I mean uh uh like um you know 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of I mean like you know like well so well you know well construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies a footprint the well so I mean so okay okay like like okay size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy I mean okay I mean okay I mean so like okay um to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the like uh you know like like um uh so well 'Nostromo' lands on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, well like I mean you know um you know uh um well Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate so um well so okay so you know like like and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various so uh okay like uh okay um I mean like suburban master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the well um well uh uh you know okay okay I mean installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston you know uh I mean uh um well like well um was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and uh okay so so okay I mean okay like um subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the like I mean uh like like uh well okay I mean 1980's in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially uh like you know well okay you know like well uh in Kenya where an entire tribe in the village okay I mean uh okay uh like like like um of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming uh so okay well like um like like okay like who he who saught to stop he lowers I mean okay so I mean um like uh okay okay his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many well you know you know like okay so okay so you know maintain that it was a device created out of tradition you know okay so I mean I mean well so uh uh and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' so so you know like um so well um well a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, okay I mean so uh you know um so you know you know to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son uh I mean so like so so uh like so of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a um okay you know I mean okay um I mean um well beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany ( now you know uh I mean like so you know you know I mean like Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) I mean like um uh you know I mean so I mean so was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit uh okay you know well um well you know uh okay in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs around I mean okay I mean well um like well well like Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts in uh so you know um you know I mean I mean like like real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief of okay okay okay I mean like uh well uh so Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble I mean uh you know um like uh well like uh with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures well okay uh uh like like okay well so enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is well so okay so you know okay like so so easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern you know I mean okay I mean okay I mean um okay um California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very unusual so I mean so um I mean you know well um um and unique feature, a stream running along either well so um I mean well uh you know like so side of Fore Street, one of which eventually flows I mean uh uh well like you know okay you know okay into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was so like well okay um uh like well um 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing a uh you know you know you know um so um uh like leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from so okay uh I mean I mean um I mean uh okay the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her okay like so I mean like um uh you know um parents, older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles you know um um well I mean I mean okay uh I mean as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates uh okay so you know I mean um okay so uh back to 1831 and is believed to have originated like so well um uh well so um so because the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, like you know well you know well you know okay okay like led by an officer, would roam the streets looking for okay like I mean well you know so uh okay I mean likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of so uh okay uh so like okay uh well service from the 1980's as part of the 'New you know so uh I mean uh like I mean okay like Deal' reforms of passenger rail operations, with the last you know you know I mean um so so okay uh I mean regular train they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views of okay um I mean like like well like okay okay British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is uh you know um uh I mean I mean like well okay certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Railways and I mean well uh like like you know well uh okay in that capacity had charge of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, pleople I mean uh okay okay so well uh like okay would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the like uh like okay uh I mean uh like uh multimedia revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where um like like I mean you know I mean okay so like the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and influential activists you know uh well like you know you know so uh so as well as by the artistic and political sphere, like I mean well you know well uh uh well uh and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated to create a strong okay you know um okay well uh uh so um sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval you know I mean okay I mean okay so you know so you know Review of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of I mean so um I mean okay you know I mean so you know the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 so I mean um like okay so uh well well she was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village like um like well uh well like okay um in Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from you know so uh uh uh you know you know well I mean Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion RMB uh like I mean okay well well well okay like (around 40 billion USD), which is much more uh well like um well you know like I mean um expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she okay so well you know um well okay like so called protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade I mean well like well okay I mean so you know okay and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until her departure from like okay like I mean um uh I mean so uh STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before the programme I mean like uh um so uh like well so is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the most generous um okay well you know um so well okay um afforded by the United States to a Native group, and point well okay well so um uh uh so okay out that some of the largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel well uh you know um you know um so okay okay in its Historic Hotels of America program and the American Society um um um so I mean you know so you know okay of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device um you know um well well okay you know you know so and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published you know um so uh I mean you know I mean well uh she was known to be present at her husband's you know okay I mean uh you know well like you know so investment ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have been called like well uh I mean you know uh um okay like 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's well well um like um okay I mean like so 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed um um um well so okay like um like that at least the 14 men mentioned in the I mean you know um I mean so so okay well I mean parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots you know uh uh you know okay like uh like I mean to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports operated you know uh you know so you know you know uh so uh by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being uh so I mean okay uh well uh you know you know T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, okay uh um so well uh um okay I mean Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to escape uh I mean okay I mean like you know um okay okay using a different DST, placed in a remote location, uh I mean so okay well um so uh um much of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - well well so so okay so I mean well I mean Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials with Raoul Bova; like um like like so so uh well well also in 2011 Ghenea became the image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - like okay I mean uh okay okay so so well Ti's power is considered by some to be the most I mean so uh um like I mean um I mean um important, for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them so so like okay so um um well uh to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, well well you know okay so you know like I mean uh 'Shäwshe Chù', is derived from the Southern Tutchone village you know you know okay um um well you know I mean like of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in the 59th uh well well um uh you know uh um okay minute of their match against England in the uh uh like like well uh okay well so group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population decreased well okay uh okay uh like um you know okay almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach its former so like I mean you know I mean you know okay like you know level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles so well so um okay so okay like uh (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted a 5x5 okay you know um well um like uh uh like game with five doubles, three runs scored like I mean uh you know okay so I mean um okay and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres (1 I mean you know like okay okay so um well uh mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to 1, 600 metres in okay uh like you know um I mean you know uh uh 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew River that uh um okay uh okay I mean um okay well is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano so well okay I mean okay okay like well okay singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), the Sydney's well uh um uh uh you know uh um you know Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New I mean like okay like well so I mean uh so Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, so you know I mean okay uh so you know well well foundered and was revived numerous times during the 1970s and okay well you know okay um so like uh like 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented um I mean uh like um so um so you know in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value may you know so like like you know I mean I mean like um be replaced with a single empty group using two consecutive colons um like well I mean you know okay like like uh (: : ), but the substitution may only be applied once uh so I mean well like well uh well well in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated uh like um okay um you know okay uh well at the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately halfways uh okay uh so okay I mean uh so I mean between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from um uh like like uh um uh uh um both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as um well okay well well okay I mean um well commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the um well I mean you know so uh I mean like um Battle of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, so okay like uh like you know well um you know and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at Mackay Stadium in okay you know uh like I mean um so um uh Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf I mean um uh you know so uh like you know uh Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams did uh like okay um okay uh um you know I mean not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders was deployed um okay well like okay um uh you know I mean to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought like uh uh um um okay uh you know I mean that as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) I mean I mean well okay uh um so so like and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer okay um so so um I mean um like uh Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist you know um I mean so I mean uh um you know uh at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at so like well okay like I mean um um like the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of uh uh uh you know so like like like okay which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching you know well like you know okay uh you know you know uh and research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen um so like I mean like so okay so um research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union well so like so I mean you know you know well so (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst like uh like you know so you know uh okay like the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation uh so I mean like uh like so uh okay they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is um well um so so okay okay well well a marine fish native to areas near Africa, that is like like like you know um um okay I mean well sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the well I mean so uh okay um well you know I mean late 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling uh um um um okay um well I mean so agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - running I mean well okay okay like okay like I mean I mean 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to okay okay like I mean I mean like uh like you know the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' I mean uh well so I mean you know um you know so ), also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and uh I mean uh well um like so well okay Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, so uh uh I mean like well uh uh um with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the well I mean like um um well okay um uh Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel in the Left like uh I mean so like so like I mean like Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source of uh um I mean uh okay so um so you know Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after well um well you know like okay I mean like you know the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 to well I mean like uh okay okay uh well okay 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a special - purpose well okay well I mean like well you know well uh map made to show geological the strata are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he you know so um you know uh so well I mean like worked on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more uh like um like like okay uh okay okay or less separate lives, and the couple separated completely uh well I mean well uh so okay I mean like after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot uh so well like so uh like well okay returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household finances; by you know um I mean um uh uh like so you know the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several so uh I mean I mean you know okay okay I mean well public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, so so like like okay so like well you know Passaic County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are like um I mean you know okay so um well uh at al - Kum designated by the Ministry of Health uh like like well like you know you know okay so as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he well okay well uh um I mean well okay um was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - known like like so like like okay so uh so was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction like uh uh okay I mean okay well well well account of a totalitarian society ruled by like okay uh well well so uh like um telepathic mind control, cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while um like like I mean I mean you know uh uh I mean the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours well like uh I mean so okay well um uh of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he um um well like so so um uh um learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests focus well I mean you know well okay uh I mean okay I mean on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives in uh you know well so so well okay like like 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker served um uh uh you know like well um okay like in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as chairman of you know uh well okay so well like so I mean the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an like well so so okay I mean you know um like Italian basketball coach that currently serves as head coach of um you know uh so okay like uh like like CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially serving like so I mean I mean uh well um so so in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan Wui so you know like you know you know I mean like you know uh Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its so you know so you know so uh I mean like uh degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing for the same so uh uh I mean like so well so um territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about well like uh so okay so so well I mean 42, 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop band so uh okay um I mean okay you know well well 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and um you know well okay well okay like um you know Salvador pressed for its members to instruct the uh well okay um I mean like like so so colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the um okay so um uh you know uh I mean well Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's I mean well like okay well so like you know you know music and as a result they worked together on I mean like uh well so um so uh so the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of those um you know so you know like okay so well well will be home games, they will also be hosting I mean well um well um you know I mean so uh a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late well well well so you know okay you know you know okay grandfather, Andre Gaudry, one of the eight guiders um I mean uh so like okay um like I mean that took Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and I mean uh like um I mean you know so you know uh a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute for so uh uh uh you know um I mean well so Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year I mean you know like like so um I mean well well later, in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos on uh so you know um you know so well um you know 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted I mean okay um you know I mean like so okay I mean the song when talking to an audience with Ronald so like you know well I mean you know you know so well Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the pipe okay I mean okay um so you know you know I mean I mean to which the washer is connected than that source can provide: you know so I mean well uh um well um well the water supply must be adequate for the machine connected okay I mean uh um I mean um like you know I mean to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for uh I mean so you know like so um well I mean twelve years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA okay okay um um um so like I mean uh in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it I mean okay uh you know I mean okay well well like was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such you know well like okay um okay okay you know like as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands I mean um well uh um um um you know I mean in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the basilar artery like uh okay you know well you know you know well well at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to produce venom okay uh um you know okay I mean well so like both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd and opened so like well so you know like uh um you know in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, you know okay um you know well um uh like like and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member well like um you know um okay I mean I mean so of the Indian classical music family', with its roots well so I mean like well I mean like well okay as a folk instrument having a legendary background I mean well well so like like uh so um to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single um I mean I mean uh uh so like okay you know by late rapper Eazy - E, from his album of like you know well like um okay like so you know the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that I mean I mean so um you know I mean um I mean okay was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) okay so I mean um like I mean so okay um is a name that the Greeks of the like like okay like you know I mean like okay I mean Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the uh well so you know um well like I mean uh 1960's as a means to pool resources and share facilities, instructors, like like so I mean uh well uh well well and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science you know um like okay you know okay well um you know Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was a like uh you know like you know you know you know well okay manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo so uh um I mean so so I mean uh uh Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in I mean um like uh I mean so you know um like Literature every year to outstanding young writers, and has I mean well like you know so um uh well you know named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series like well you know you know I mean okay well so uh of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love uh so like uh well um uh so okay Story 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies like well you know okay you know I mean like you know well cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; you know okay uh I mean like so you know I mean I mean he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial like like uh well so you know okay um so to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, okay like so um I mean okay I mean okay well the name was not retired and was re-used during well so like I mean you know so uh okay uh the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the uh well okay um you know um uh okay like landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below I mean um I mean so um okay I mean you know um while polling of individual constituencies and groups of them (such so okay uh so well um you know like uh as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading the you know well so I mean you know so like so like league with a. 328 average, but a 3 - um uh uh okay uh well um okay I mean for - 32 slump in the middle of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, I mean so you know you know okay like well I mean okay Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 well I mean I mean I mean okay um you know okay so businesses and 9, 250 houses, left of standing water like like uh you know so okay well uh uh in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, the first, well uh I mean I mean uh okay um um so a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the I mean um um you know you know well okay well so border of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of so so well uh like like well like okay Seyss - Inquart, the latter communique having okay like okay um okay I mean uh um okay been arranged after the troops had begun to well so so like well uh okay okay uh march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America well um uh um I mean you know okay so okay in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men well well uh well um um you know well you know calling themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are um well I mean so okay so um I mean I mean filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with so um like well um um you know um you know four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of well okay like okay okay so so so I mean them killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning well well so uh I mean so okay um uh the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary you know I mean so like well uh I mean well um system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 uh um uh uh so like you know um I mean ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, and so uh okay so well you know I mean um I mean also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also I mean so like you know um so you know like like investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's cause of like you know so um I mean so okay okay like 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the um well like um um okay like you know like boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made like uh you know um okay you know I mean um uh his visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited okay um I mean um okay I mean you know I mean you know Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London okay you know uh like uh I mean okay you know so and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award by you know uh uh uh um so I mean uh well the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship so um okay uh I mean uh I mean I mean um at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as so like I mean uh like uh you know you know um well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally occurring just well like you know okay uh uh like well I mean before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, um so like well uh well like well uh or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, okay I mean I mean so okay you know I mean like so Baron du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole you know um okay um so you know um like uh parents and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - 1' you know you know well like well like uh you know I mean was a more guitar based pop album that also became a okay like so so so well I mean I mean you know smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a I mean well okay so well okay um uh okay stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to well I mean I mean I mean okay so well like um speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company uh well so um um um okay uh I mean listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the I mean okay okay uh um um you know uh um companies involvement in N. Africa and North East I mean well uh you know um um um uh so Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as much I mean so well like okay uh um okay uh textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' ) like um like I mean uh I mean like so okay meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of like like uh I mean I mean I mean so well okay frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, you know I mean um um uh I mean um like so Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near the so you know uh uh um you know well okay you know foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in the like um uh like well um so so okay first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; um well uh like okay I mean you know so uh 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State you know okay okay you know so I mean okay well well for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in like uh uh well well you know like so so the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, okay um okay you know um you know you know like you know and as of 2007, the list of regencies and like I mean you know well you know uh um like so cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, uh well um um like so okay like so 000 € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, you know I mean so like like so like okay uh signing a 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair like well um like you know okay um I mean um of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New you know you know uh okay um so you know I mean I mean Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than so um well um I mean so so well uh the lion, their struggle became more like that of okay so I mean you know okay you know well like okay dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late uh okay well like um um well uh I mean 19th century, among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie uh well like like okay you know well you know like completely within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) uh uh you know you know you know well uh like you know traditional territory is also in the region -- its like okay like so okay so like uh um claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences so well uh you know okay uh uh uh so that found form in their architect a congregational space that I mean okay um okay you know so I mean well I mean was used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi you know well I mean well um I mean well so um Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to you know so I mean you know like um um like I mean stage the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, like um um I mean so I mean like I mean well California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed him so you know uh well uh I mean well I mean you know against the other main party on the Privy Council, well so so so so you know okay so um headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September well uh well you know so well well you know so he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear um okay uh okay uh well like I mean so in the dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir you know I mean you know like well well I mean okay so level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) uh I mean like uh uh um well okay you know was born as the second son of Reynold Lambert you know I mean okay you know okay so uh well well Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' um like so like you know so you know okay like on its vocals created and a 'moody' production that was compared I mean so okay um well like well I mean uh to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) was so um you know okay well okay well so um a British television channel owned and operated by Life um uh so well okay like well okay like TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations with little well like you know okay well so well you know well fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention to the uh I mean so uh you know well like uh well electrified commuter lines they began operating on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi um um okay uh okay you know okay okay I mean - based Eagle Hills and he also acts as a top adviser you know uh um like so I mean like you know well to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round 5 okay like I mean I mean well so so you know you know and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - consumers like so well um you know um well well like at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial uh okay you know um um um okay well well science, and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework so you know so I mean so well you know so uh schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that Germany you know so I mean um okay so you know uh uh and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi aspects um like okay uh so uh uh so well of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano you know like so I mean like okay well you know you know (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about like uh I mean I mean you know uh you know like you know 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La so um so like you know um okay um uh Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined Trosterud, I mean uh okay you know I mean I mean um you know like she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up to you know so so okay okay uh so okay I mean December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a well um like um I mean okay so you know okay contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of um like I mean like um so well I mean okay music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven well uh you know uh well okay I mean um okay of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an so like okay well okay you know so you know you know irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the late uh I mean you know I mean so you know like I mean um 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten with so well I mean uh I mean you know uh um well the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah okay so okay I mean well well you know so um line of San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain well so you know you know you know I mean um um um rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently like okay I mean so okay like like I mean uh owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, temples, sacrifices um like um um I mean uh so okay um for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species like well okay okay you know so you know well like richness are frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic uh um I mean okay um okay um okay okay islands, there is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, so you know well um I mean well well I mean you know but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on like okay so so like okay well I mean you know the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the well so okay okay well you know okay uh okay 6th century B. C. Its greatest period began well um like so like um I mean okay uh from the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because you know you know okay okay well um well like um of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off you know you know um you know I mean um okay I mean I mean the Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with um like um I mean so um well well um screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star okay so well uh okay well so I mean okay in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight like like you know like okay well you know well I mean Women and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy you know okay I mean so you know like you know you know I mean Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on okay so okay uh so you know um okay um May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized like um so so so um like um well as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in so uh well so you know okay so so like today's modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every um like you know I mean uh uh okay so okay harvest for 40 years or more', but Red Fife is uh like like so so so uh so so a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was well well um I mean you know uh like okay well married to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of like um I mean I mean okay um well so I mean Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in 1891, well um you know so uh you know uh you know um Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the um okay uh um I mean um you know I mean you know home for sale and then gone out of town, okay well like um okay well so I mean so and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered like uh uh I mean I mean you know so uh um the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an important like okay well so uh you know okay you know well tributary of the Tapajós river along with the discovered so you know okay uh I mean like like so well the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a palace in Downton uh like like you know um I mean uh you know you know on one of the islands by the Moot when the uh uh okay like so okay um well so palace was taken down and the stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern so um so uh uh I mean well I mean well stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in so um like well you know okay like you know well winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason you know I mean so okay I mean so so like well Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows continuously, um so like so uh well so so okay and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs uh you know okay well okay like like so uh with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who well like I mean you know you know uh um I mean well plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to prevent you know um um like uh so you know um so the reduction in the size of the school's playing like so I mean um um you know okay uh like fields, although a new food technology block has been built where well I mean like you know you know like um you know you know the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, okay so I mean like uh you know okay um you know but a distinct canid, although based only on morphological similarities, um well well uh you know well well well so it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, like so you know I mean okay okay I mean um you know strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and included uh um well so okay well uh okay like in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which um you know okay uh um uh I mean you know um rises near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, well like okay like well um I mean uh so and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, so um you know I mean you know uh okay well you know built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving you know like like well I mean like so well okay anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer and like I mean okay you know so I mean um like well United States Marine officer who won the National Book okay well um um I mean well well um like Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin in well you know I mean so uh okay uh so like one of his very first acting roles during its first well like like uh um like uh like um London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' you know you know okay um um um you know I mean I mean is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally you know so so okay I mean like you know well um airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they okay well so so so okay I mean uh okay try to call him to warn him but are confronted so okay um so so you know uh you know I mean by the assassin who spares their lives since they are so like well okay so so uh okay I mean not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most of like so so okay so okay you know you know I mean its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami Lakes in like so I mean uh um I mean so you know uh Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a 100, 000 - well like I mean you know well I mean okay so you know square - foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms I mean well okay um um so like like I mean of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective well you know I mean so um well so so you know missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the reason for so well um okay um I mean like well I mean the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir apparent you know I mean you know well well um I mean um I mean is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on the uh okay uh I mean I mean okay I mean so I mean Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and um um okay uh you know um so I mean I mean celebration as the residents join together in a community that um like well so you know um so like well is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by um so okay so like you know I mean so well Charon, here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, who so uh you know you know you know okay well well okay refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, I mean well well well you know like like um you know and previously served as the weekday co-anchor for okay I mean I mean like um well okay uh I mean WOFL - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning you know I mean like uh well okay so well um and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered in uh I mean well well okay you know so so uh the United States Congress and has since been invited so like okay well you know okay well I mean well to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an you know like I mean uh um okay you know so um official, purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and um you know so um like like well I mean like the family arranged a marriage for him with Yao like you know well okay um okay I mean so I mean Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ 100, 000 like so well well like uh well well you know per year for ten years), and in 1935, he uh uh well um I mean well like so you know signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the okay like um um okay you know I mean so um Senator - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland I mean well okay um so you know I mean well okay State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a list of um so uh okay like you know um well uh members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the like well um you know so you know you know okay um main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already like um well I mean um well like uh I mean won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to uh so like like I mean I mean well like um try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music um okay well so so so I mean well you know producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and okay uh uh well um uh uh well so vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian you know okay like um you know um so you know okay excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since okay so okay so so I mean I mean uh like 1987 he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian okay uh well so um you know like okay uh archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, well okay you know I mean I mean like so I mean okay and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to the Howland uh you know okay um like I mean like uh like Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 um uh um so I mean well well like uh season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical to a I mean I mean okay well uh okay you know um um program's performance; this register allocation is performed either by a compiler so uh okay okay um you know so okay well in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by the okay well so like so well I mean okay you know BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake completely um I mean okay like so so uh okay okay destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around their well so okay okay so um um um okay 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia that work um I mean I mean I mean um uh so um um in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John I mean well so I mean you know like well okay um Doyle and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although testimony at uh so well like uh okay well well like trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol I mean you know I mean well um so uh um well in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try to like I mean um uh so uh I mean okay uh seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away uh um well um okay uh okay um okay invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but like you know you know so I mean you know well like uh the nearest railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to okay so okay I mean okay you know okay uh okay keep cool and staff prevented the walruses so so okay well um well you know I mean I mean from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the um um I mean like okay you know um like okay Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and played 8 games um you know I mean uh uh like um um you know in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - okay um well okay uh like so like so day Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner well well so I mean so um so you know okay or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates the love well uh um um you know so well I mean so affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part uh I mean so okay you know um uh you know so of its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to like um I mean uh uh I mean you know like I mean include tractors, steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was you know like well okay like um like um well appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, um well you know well um I mean um well okay then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried so like uh like um okay uh I mean uh out in 1922 after the calvary was declared a 'Monument I mean so uh I mean okay uh well so I mean Historique' in 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front so like you know uh you know like you know uh so gates of the school and forced it to close, while officers um uh uh I mean well okay uh well well of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which I mean uh uh so so like so so well polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure which has uh okay like okay like okay like so I mean two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single like um so like um uh um well okay 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley okay like like you know you know um um okay uh Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, uh so like okay well well I mean you know I mean 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in so uh um well uh so like you know like 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian you know so you know so you know um uh okay you know non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with I mean uh uh you know okay I mean so well okay 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety 'S', okay you know well okay you know like you know so so a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share okay um well well well I mean well I mean I mean their vision for the future as keynotes, as every sector of uh well you know well I mean I mean you know I mean so the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and um like I mean okay uh uh well like like the only craft upon which James Murray could lay hands, okay um okay well you know I mean um so well the ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going to uh so um so so so I mean so like become a presenter as well as a singer; in okay um so I mean okay um um like um 2016, she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the so um well like you know I mean uh uh okay Habib University Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) well uh I mean so you know you know um okay uh with its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British you know so I mean like um um so you know like professional boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since I mean like so like okay like okay okay you know 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix I mean okay I mean you know so um like uh well Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one of New I mean okay you know you know you know um I mean well well Zealand's most recognised actors on his own soil. He um I mean okay like so uh um I mean I mean was a much loved feature of many local films made like you know so like I mean well so so um between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, so so okay so like um you know I mean like has allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, so I mean okay you know um uh so well well however interviews have been granted to the ABC News, so well like uh well um so well um which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was succeeded by like you know like like well so um okay I mean an even shorter - lived first Albanian um so well like uh like I mean like uh Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the I mean so okay I mean okay so um I mean so Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority you know um you know I mean uh okay like so so for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, um I mean you know I mean uh well um I mean um Lima, Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama you know I mean well okay you know so um well I mean City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the so so um you know okay okay you know I mean okay Tallinn Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts like so uh okay um um okay uh like ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the I mean you know so well like I mean um so like wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March so okay uh you know um you know uh uh like 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La Jolla, okay well uh okay okay um you know uh uh California, in the parking lot of a golf course, where like like you know well well uh like um so he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations you know okay well um so I mean you know um like of this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the you know okay you know um I mean okay so um um 6th and 7th centuries, during the trying period well like um you know you know I mean so I mean like when the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish King well um uh um okay um um like uh Clovis I, and was considered to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T I mean okay okay uh um you know so um like. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet population um you know um uh like uh uh like like from 1922 - 1991 which was published by okay you know um okay you know like you know well um the Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr okay I mean so like okay okay well uh well. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent well um I mean I mean you know you know like uh so MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the well like uh so you know well like you know so resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that are so uh like okay like you know you know um I mean many times larger and more massive than the Sun I mean okay okay uh like uh um you know you know. Such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the so um um you know you know well so okay okay Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which you know you know um so okay so you know you know I mean she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out so um um so um so you know um okay - of - town tryouts, later saying she felt the uh uh like like um well well okay like role was not right for her and asked the um so you know well so well so you know so show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract you know so okay like you know okay I mean um um will fund the financial loss incurred by any rise in the so okay like uh um well so um um physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the uh um uh so like okay well like okay stations to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language okay um you know you know okay so uh you know um outlets; some affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street so uh so so okay well well like I mean in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, you know you know uh so like I mean I mean um well 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state champion like you know so well you know so um uh okay football team, which won three state titles in 2001, so well I mean I mean like you know I mean um I mean 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Hills, like okay like I mean uh like you know you know like serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with Dr. Berger well so uh I mean I mean like um well I mean and learns to try to confront rather than control them, like so you know uh uh uh so I mean um he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the I mean okay well okay well I mean I mean like um market for such adaptations all but disappeared with the uh okay so okay um you know uh well um advent of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or okay so um uh I mean you know like um you know 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join Team I mean so so like I mean okay you know well um Prime, preferring instead to travel around on his own, but I mean okay uh so uh um okay well uh he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, you know so okay like like like okay um uh and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music like I mean um like I mean um well you know so band, using their instruments he learned music by experience and you know you know well uh like I mean well uh well after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the well well well um um you know okay like so sudden attack and the crusade force advanced toward the uh like uh so I mean okay uh uh like town of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the um I mean I mean um uh uh um like uh crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't pass so like well you know like well you know so I mean line bet, he or she can no longer uh okay so okay uh I mean um um okay lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can still lay so okay um well I mean so I mean well I mean odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has you know well like uh so so um I mean you know a separate compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, um um well well um like so you know you know which allows a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the so like um so you know um um you know like south bank of the river a short walk from I mean so like well uh like you know um so Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire I mean well okay uh uh like well I mean so and the Humber region of England, and most is in okay uh well uh uh uh uh you know okay the East Midlands region; the county is uh so well I mean like I mean um so um the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard tank with well um so you know like okay um you know so a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald well you know you know so like okay well so uh head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between you know you know like so um you know like okay like sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in 'More you know like you know I mean well um uh um you know Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy um I mean I mean like well so uh um you know Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on Public uh uh okay um I mean uh uh I mean well Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, okay you know okay um um I mean you know uh like was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain name um you know so like okay so okay I mean um allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this okay okay so well well well well so well role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - so uh uh so well um okay um you know old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, along uh so okay um I mean like I mean uh um with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly so um you know like I mean you know you know you know so all of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council were like um well uh I mean you know like like uh U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the government of you know so you know well uh so okay well like Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these you know um I mean like like uh um well so captains of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines um like uh um so okay like um so open to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al well well so so uh um well uh uh - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and refused the you know like so uh you know I mean um you know so requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would be like okay I mean so well um well so okay having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, London) okay okay well uh I mean I mean um so you know is best known as being the former guitarist for like okay okay uh uh uh uh okay um Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), like okay uh okay like okay like okay uh who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, so um like okay I mean so like so I mean was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as South Pine like um um well okay like you know so like Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of well so I mean uh so um I mean like uh Afghanistan in western attire without a headscarf, upset the you know well okay you know you know okay so like you know ultra conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and so okay so um well so okay um okay knowing it is too dangerous to leave in I mean okay uh okay like I mean well um like the hands of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone you know okay so okay like okay I mean like I mean back to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic you know I mean like you know well uh like like well Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his well I mean like um so okay uh I mean I mean voyage, which arose from a dare with his friends I mean okay uh okay I mean you know okay so like over a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University I mean so like you know so like um well like from 1967 to 1970, compiling a record like so uh okay so okay you know like you know of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer so uh you know okay well okay okay you know so base, the two partners designed and implemented a specialized I mean I mean like you know like like I mean well I mean manufacturing line -- when the first production batch rolled out, um well like okay like like well well uh Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working so like you know uh I mean you know I mean okay I mean out of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, okay well uh um you know well okay like um the first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album to uh well okay I mean so uh okay you know okay be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as like well so so um um okay so um a single ahead of the album and charted in like um uh you know like okay well okay so the Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in the order okay so I mean so like um well so uh they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell tower uh um so so so like okay well you know and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected um like I mean like okay um uh okay like men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, um like uh I mean I mean um like I mean you know but at the end of a near - okay uh um okay I mean okay I mean you know um perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, okay I mean um I mean like uh you know you know like New York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who like uh okay um so well so you know you know currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist so um okay I mean like uh okay um well and founder of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of Spanish well okay like so I mean okay so well like and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie and vaudeville um okay well um well so well okay like house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a like so you know well so I mean so okay um retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading 3' I mean um um um uh um well well I mean strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and helped um uh well I mean well like uh okay you know to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the I mean so well uh okay so okay well you know end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, well I mean um like uh um um I mean like with X and Y closer together than Y and um you know uh I mean you know um okay um okay Z, the temporal interval between the X and Y flashes well so um well you know uh okay so I mean is perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century um like well so well uh like um okay to one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he okay you know so like okay well so I mean okay has claimed he didn ´ t know which like um well I mean so okay um so so of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test well uh so okay well uh I mean uh uh in 1976 when, taking off under its own power like so um like I mean okay I mean um well from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it so well uh uh so okay so uh okay was flown by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting um well so um um I mean like so so accident, to which the former judge responded by largely withdrawing you know you know well um uh I mean um okay um from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and I mean okay well so okay um well okay like Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and um well um um like I mean I mean you know so on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 um so so I mean you know well well you know like September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a uh uh okay uh um um so like um reworked version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general so you know well well so like well so I mean medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used so you know well um um you know I mean well you know at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and he like well well uh okay so like well uh was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took uh well okay so like you know you know like you know Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could so uh like like so um like okay so get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built with okay uh well so so so uh uh so Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the new well uh I mean like uh uh um I mean you know parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game you know so well like you know so you know you know so theory would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) you know I mean um um you know you know so you know so is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently okay like okay you know um so um okay so playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and so I mean like so so um uh um um content of the videos, including suggestions that it may have uh uh okay I mean so so like so I mean been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer um well okay like well I mean okay I mean okay and autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily so so uh I mean okay I mean uh well I mean and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in well so like you know I mean you know like you know uh 2006 and 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused like like you know well um um um well okay in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively small, but it you know uh like like uh okay uh like well is nevertheless a key factor in its economy - there uh you know well like I mean well like um you know are more than 120 publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and uh you know um like I mean like um I mean well also led them in their centenary year, but left the club um uh um uh uh um well uh I mean in 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a you know so so like so uh so I mean so science fiction theme centering on a union between a veteran you know so I mean okay well you know uh I mean so police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and I mean I mean so uh like I mean uh well so received from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man World like uh well um okay so like uh I mean Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he had 15 uh uh well okay well okay so um okay (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in you know I mean you know so uh I mean like so um 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is an American uh okay like um well uh um uh so rapper, who first began rapping at the age of okay I mean um um okay you know okay um okay 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in so uh I mean so so um uh I mean like the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, okay you know uh so uh okay so um okay in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored away so I mean so okay you know like so okay okay with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm like so um like you know I mean you know okay okay machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World uh uh okay I mean uh like I mean you know I mean War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting uh like uh like you know well like so I mean their numbers and streamlining the submission process, while voicing so uh uh like well like okay well uh concerns about its business practices - in particular the well you know like um you know so you know so like exclusivity requirement for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by okay I mean like well like um well I mean I mean the end of the season is kicked off the 'A' well well like like so uh I mean I mean like team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite ordinals, okay well so um um well you know well you know and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac uh uh um um I mean I mean okay okay um Seville's K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in so well I mean you know so um I mean I mean so New York City opened in 1992 created by you know well uh okay like okay well like so Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared I mean so so you know well you know so you know okay in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, okay you know like okay so so uh like okay the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts like so well um uh so um I mean so Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal so uh uh you know you know uh uh I mean uh spinocerebellar tract, a way in which stretch receptor and uh uh you know um uh um you know well like other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is dragged um like um you know okay like um well so to an isolation cell for punishment where he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and I mean I mean well um uh well so like I mean 20 cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel well like well well um I mean um well like Hamilton to Bell's Mills further down the Deep River, I mean well like so like you know uh uh well then set off with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June um well I mean um like well uh so uh 22, 1992) was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious you know uh um uh so um I mean like well will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist so okay like you know I mean so well um uh to the Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of so um uh I mean I mean so so uh like the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates okay well you know you know like well you know okay uh all aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had been you know um you know like um I mean like I mean I mean handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the uh okay okay so you know like okay so um Burid emir of Damascus, but he too was tired okay um like uh okay uh um um so or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux I mean like so so uh uh like you know so under the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, um you know um um okay you know um you know I mean 1888, while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase like so you know uh uh I mean so okay so at the Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the I mean you know so so like um um so um War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined men; I mean well um like uh I mean well so okay except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and um I mean like uh you know uh I mean I mean I mean Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest well so I mean I mean so so so I mean well for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since 1979 well well well uh well uh well um uh and has appeared as a featured expert on child abuse on I mean so well okay okay well uh I mean okay national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the uh you know uh well okay I mean like so uh route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that was you know okay so so uh like I mean so um built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief Lord uh so okay um so I mean I mean I mean like of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a so I mean um you know well so you know okay you know large and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as 'Big you know well um you know uh like so uh okay Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for uh so uh I mean okay uh so uh uh Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while uh I mean um I mean like um like okay so the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall so okay well okay like you know uh I mean uh in which the wedding will take place -- um uh uh um okay like I mean I mean okay it's where Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will like well so okay so you know uh like okay be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop video standard for so well you know I mean uh okay you know uh you know IBM - compatible personal computers, developed around 1984 by Section you know uh so so um I mean okay uh you know 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; okay you know uh well so so okay well okay buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged during uh like I mean you know uh I mean okay like I mean the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it was I mean so okay I mean uh so uh well well rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in you know I mean you know I mean so you know you know like I mean December 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him um so um well you know okay uh you know um an international star everywhere but in the United States, uh so I mean so I mean okay uh I mean um where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February like I mean like so like like you know okay uh 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not paying so you know um um uh so you know uh well him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank okay so okay you know I mean uh okay okay you know on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started you know I mean um you know um okay well um well in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single and uh you know I mean um okay um I mean okay well third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album being the uh okay so um like like well uh I mean poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has I mean you know you know okay uh so like well okay stated that it was hard to have a like well you know like okay um I mean okay like producer do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and um okay like um like um I mean um like died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award like uh you know okay uh so uh so I mean for his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully I mean okay you know like so uh um okay okay won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 like I mean okay so uh I mean you know so so and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido okay I mean like okay I mean I mean I mean so like or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and so you know okay okay so um um well so order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the you know I mean well well like you know you know well um Chinese and Asian markets are made by Axl in China, these you know um like you know like um so um like guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for okay well uh I mean so well um you know uh her great efforts in trying to promote the okay okay so you know well um like so um country she loves so much she was widowed 12 years okay um um you know like well well I mean so ago but has managed to raise 3 charming children the um like uh uh okay like uh so like eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him I mean well well um um okay you know okay okay down to a lake and they help Zachary you know you know so you know you know okay like um you know get baptized in a lake with a worker in okay like okay um okay like so so I mean the Bowl - A-Rama who was going to become I mean uh you know I mean so well like okay I mean a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings okay like okay you know so so um uh okay at the same time. He among with other yogis namely um well so I mean so I mean um well well Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and so uh um I mean uh um okay like you know Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' and like uh I mean well you know okay like uh like reappears in' where she remains generally the same as you know I mean um I mean you know well um uh you know in the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest uh like okay well uh well um like you know outreach program for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a you know okay well you know so well you know so okay thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, thanks uh uh uh you know I mean uh you know so like to specialist section you are able to create your well you know so I mean so okay you know okay I mean own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising executive you know okay um I mean well like well like like and the head of the New York and New England Apple like well you know uh um so like okay well Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually working like like uh um like like well like so at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June so like uh okay I mean okay I mean um okay 1950 to find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV - so um you know well okay um uh like like 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon except the like um uh I mean uh uh uh okay so famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor like you know you know okay okay well so uh uh causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University of so so okay um I mean you know okay um well York, after which he spent four months working for you know well okay like um you know uh like well the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent for a food you know I mean so I mean like well okay um um namely a cucumber that was structural modified vs GM. Patent US uh so uh uh okay well well I mean um D527165 is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out of um like uh like um I mean like uh like the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth well okay like well you know you know so uh um and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, uh um you know uh okay okay okay um I mean and he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox show New um so I mean okay okay so well you know um Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear in About a Boy, uh okay okay well you know okay you know like I mean The Young and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean um like like you know I mean so I mean so so War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her so well you know uh um uh well you know like daughters to wealthy men; whether or not any such matches well you know uh so like so well I mean I mean will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, was okay well well okay okay so okay so okay close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low okay well I mean okay I mean well so you know you know - reflection front surface; only a much uh uh um I mean uh well uh um uh - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed you know um I mean you know like so um so well football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in Tranemo, uh I mean I mean okay um well uh okay okay Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved I mean you know uh uh uh so I mean I mean you know to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered well okay okay uh okay I mean you know um you know his wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs of like so you know you know you know you know so uh I mean mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence in his life, well you know okay okay um you know um you know okay and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the uh um like like okay so um well uh President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the like like okay uh I mean um okay I mean so probability density function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder so I mean I mean um like well okay like okay head and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for I mean uh like you know like um okay okay okay which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook Island so I mean you know like um um I mean well well professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی uh okay like uh uh like I mean uh you know براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was like I mean like I mean I mean uh well so well formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) okay um like okay uh uh so you know okay was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an uh I mean um well um I mean okay you know well actress, and also appeared as a backing singer I mean like okay like you know okay like like um in the video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which uh like you know okay you know I mean okay you know uh is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known so like well you know like okay you know well uh as The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State um you know so you know I mean I mean um uh okay University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan county um you know like okay okay so like um okay of West Yorkshire and has a population of approximately 1 you know like uh I mean like well I mean you know you know. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is like I mean you know like okay so well like like considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be in so you know um well um um I mean um uh the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample of uh you know um you know okay okay you know I mean um Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she is not um you know um you know I mean okay um uh like a very good student, except for Art, in which so uh like like so um you know okay so she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their well I mean I mean you know I mean well okay I mean I mean candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of okay okay well like I mean well uh you know you know front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of Legends' so okay okay I mean so like I mean I mean so but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 so um you know okay uh well uh you know like - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were so well like uh okay well I mean you know um not statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly okay um okay like well um uh you know um identify 11 of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for mnnit like um uh well uh you know you know like you know mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff okay so like okay uh okay uh you know like had been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as so uh so you know okay I mean okay I mean um part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his I mean you know uh well so you know you know you know I mean landholdings, Taylor was promoted to colonel of the 1st like well like uh you know okay well um I mean Infantry Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough uh you know so okay so okay uh okay so of Camden, best known as the site of um well okay I mean uh okay um like well 'The Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' ) so so you know um you know uh so like okay of western - central Michoacan State, the River takes uh well um so well so okay okay okay a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains into I mean you know so you know so um um so uh the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; played a like um well so you know I mean well well so key role in a political crisis that threatened to well so okay well um um well uh uh tear the Liberal government and the country apart and incurred the wrath you know so okay I mean you know like like like so of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off uh like okay so like so okay uh okay - track students in their education preparing them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from I mean um okay so I mean well I mean so so Howard University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's uh well uh you know well well um you know okay Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- uh well um I mean um like well uh um 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete to you know I mean well you know I mean okay so so uh keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen I mean okay so uh so okay uh you know well after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku like okay um like uh like well okay like Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to I mean uh um I mean like um I mean so like Aomori, the remaining northern portion of the line is expected um uh I mean um well uh like okay well to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her young children okay you know okay you know uh like uh uh like an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a sense of (her) on okay um um well um like okay I mean you know film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on uh uh um so okay um I mean so I mean Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for the I mean okay so so okay you know um like well Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and well um I mean well well okay okay uh well just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital so uh um like uh okay like so I mean was shifted to other building and the same building you know like uh I mean you know like um well well was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, so like uh uh you know um you know I mean so grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and his I mean um okay like so okay like I mean like clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing well so you know I mean uh well um I mean I mean under their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested well um uh uh uh like uh so um that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at the age like uh I mean uh so like uh uh um of forty - two; his funeral was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen okay okay um uh uh um okay so okay Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and I mean um so uh uh uh I mean uh well submerged to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in I mean uh I mean well um like well like okay 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left the okay well um um like I mean um uh you know group, and been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, okay so like um so so so uh well bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, you know okay I mean okay um so so like you know England formed in 1846 to operate the existing Hayle so well you know like like you know so you know okay Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter like uh you know uh I mean I mean so okay like for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is okay uh like okay like you know I mean okay okay struggling still struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, well I mean you know like like uh um okay I mean they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the well you know okay um um okay so you know so University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English like so so like so well you know uh um rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the hot you know I mean um um like okay you know um well one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like the okay like like okay like well you know I mean okay winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, is I mean so you know so you know um um um I mean slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played by like like um so well so I mean like okay the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is like like so okay so okay well so uh located at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney and well I mean like like I mean okay uh okay well consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw so you know uh I mean okay like so I mean uh greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a uh I mean okay you know okay uh uh um uh negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped like okay okay okay uh you know I mean I mean like out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded well you know uh so so well so okay so in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, you know you know I mean so okay you know okay I mean okay Clark published no more fiction during the remaining two decades um so you know so like so so uh um of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, well uh okay I mean like you know like you know you know 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to - you know uh you know you know uh um like um okay business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content and um um you know well so um um like you know other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim so I mean I mean so okay you know so okay okay and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times um um like okay I mean so like okay okay that the wire was pulled through a draw plate, becoming um I mean like okay okay uh so so I mean harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as Modern Kid um you know um well like like like uh like Power, it is estimated that there was enough kid I mean you know um okay uh okay like I mean okay power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in okay well I mean okay okay you know you know I mean so Port Angeles, Washington United States) is President of the you know I mean you know like like like I mean well I mean and originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could okay like okay well um I mean you know so you know pass to obtain the Green Card which will you know so well so um um okay well um determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer um so you know I mean I mean you know I mean uh so who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the Draytons' I mean okay I mean I mean um like uh um okay dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political I mean like um okay well um well okay okay systems, with several kinds of currency in circulation, and the um like I mean I mean so okay well okay okay ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother I mean well I mean so well I mean like uh I mean (Roxie) took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her to uh like you know uh I mean so like well like care for four children and his parents decided to send him okay okay well um um um okay uh uh to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with I mean I mean so okay like uh uh um okay other specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at you know uh well okay so you know uh like so Melbourne in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, uh so well um well you know like uh like Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert um you know well well like I mean um you know uh Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos I mean like well so uh so uh like like and, as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed as so I mean okay like I mean I mean so um like the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as you know so okay so I mean um uh uh I mean a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan okay uh well you know well so well so um where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were houses like well okay well like um so like uh or inns where horses were kept and could be rented well uh um well well well so okay so and postriders could be hired to take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead you know um uh um uh okay uh you know uh plates written in an unknown language or constructed language so um okay you know you know well so okay okay and are alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but okay well you know um uh I mean okay so okay they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety of like so well I mean well uh um like you know sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it uh uh I mean like so well uh like you know became a derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as you know like like uh like so um uh like high as 91 mph (147 km / h) in I mean so um well um um I mean you know well Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development okay okay I mean I mean uh I mean like like okay of underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M' like like well okay you know um okay like uh. Around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the character I mean so like okay I mean like like well I mean was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish well like so I mean I mean I mean um you know so professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the well I mean so um you know I mean like like like French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers so you know so well I mean well I mean okay you know (swissFocus) was constituted in June 2001, its objectives I mean well well well you know well well like like being to promote and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in you know you know like well I mean well well I mean um Switzerland, and to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell you know well okay so like like uh well you know that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre Forward uh I mean okay well okay uh um okay uh Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a mast well um okay um so okay so uh um step, which by its arrangement of boards allows the mast I mean you know uh okay uh you know you know so okay to be raised and lowered, and a similar wooden so like you know you know well I mean I mean you know okay bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' in okay um you know like um uh um like I mean 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over the malt um um so um you know uh uh well um - making side of the family business and in June um so um uh so so I mean you know like 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some so okay well so well okay okay you know um excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all of the so you know like well um so well um you know other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been so okay like um you know well okay like so 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo making so like I mean I mean okay okay so so okay it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under okay um like I mean well like so well okay the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when I mean okay I mean okay okay so you know so um engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division required up uh uh well um okay um okay I mean so to 1, 100 tons of supplies a day, though a um so I mean okay okay you know like I mean um more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among I mean I mean like you know I mean uh okay okay you know peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by you know okay well so um like uh uh I mean Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed so okay you know you know you know so like well so at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than okay okay okay like you know uh um you know so its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is uh uh well uh you know well like like well the result of a fault - block that is well um um well well um okay I mean well analogous to a cellar door: the door so uh like like uh I mean uh I mean you know is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which you know well uh you know okay I mean well you know you know operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, I mean I mean uh um you know well um I mean so more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence you know I mean so like well like okay like okay to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage like um well well uh like well I mean well name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and well like so um like you know like so I mean actor best known as a member and one of the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous okay you know um um I mean well uh like well basic receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and okay I mean uh okay um well like well well S - Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in well um like um uh so like well like Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and uh so okay um okay well you know well well with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) well uh um okay um I mean uh uh um is an American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, uh uh I mean so well okay um so um he is a member of the Democratic Party and served I mean well um well I mean so you know uh I mean as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional uh okay so uh like um um so like soldier, Deng was a political activist and knew uh I mean um like like well so well um little about military, their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having I mean like well um okay I mean uh I mean okay several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics um you know well I mean like so uh you know well prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related okay so uh like like like so okay I mean to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens like okay so uh okay like um um I mean graduating with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and like uh like okay well so you know okay you know mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two I mean okay okay I mean like well um uh okay - stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a like uh you know um you know okay well like okay poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of uh like um like you know I mean like so like 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2 uh well I mean so um um uh uh okay. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's I mean um um uh uh you know um uh I mean 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai on the mainland, well like so well you know okay so I mean okay and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not the uh okay I mean okay uh uh okay you know so Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not have any I mean you know okay um like um okay like okay creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was so um like like okay like like so you know always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink was you know you know uh okay well well like um you know a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its sole you know you know so okay so uh so I mean like video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval fantasy I mean um I mean I mean okay like uh uh so television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an well well okay well okay you know you know um I mean action of the Eighty Years 'War in okay uh I mean I mean like you know I mean okay you know which a Dutch Republican army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch um I mean I mean um well I mean uh well okay which had been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma um so like I mean I mean like uh so like debut, they released a third CD, 'State of Control' well so um okay um uh so well uh and a full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white um uh like uh um so so I mean like blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry like so uh um uh like okay so uh King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor okay uh you know you know um like um um like of Auckland and was re-elected to this office in 2007, well you know you know uh uh you know um so um and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since like okay well um uh like okay so um 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, like okay like okay okay well um so so Australia and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to uh um well I mean um well so well so date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation well um you know uh um so well so well increased its assets by almost 10 times, and took the 5th you know you know I mean like okay you know you know uh I mean place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b okay well like okay I mean um like like okay encoding -- every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits okay you know I mean well I mean okay well I mean well of data -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human you know well okay uh I mean you know um okay uh activity on the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath I mean okay I mean so uh like okay um so Road where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still so okay uh well you know I mean so um so named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French well uh okay so um okay so like well mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden name after okay so okay like um so I mean so you know the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay so well okay um like you know so like um MacDonald, Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was you know you know so uh I mean okay I mean so I mean able to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland so like um I mean okay okay I mean I mean like and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, um so well I mean so uh well like okay operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the mission's okay like so um like um I mean well well founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left I mean I mean um okay uh um okay so uh their courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and well I mean well um like okay okay uh uh a new tendency is emerging as students who complete their GCE like uh like you know so um you know okay like Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th century, well so like okay I mean so um well okay when the Japanese conquered it, and the city was further damaged when well I mean um um uh um you know um uh it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab I mean I mean well uh I mean well you know uh well to this day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert I mean I mean you know you know well okay you know you know um considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the you know okay I mean so okay okay um um um siege by arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery um um okay you know like well you know like like barrage which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian okay um uh you know well so um uh so forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons uh I mean well uh so I mean like well well made of two quarks and two antiquark, but the okay uh so so uh you know um um okay particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is like so um well well you know well um uh believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused well I mean uh uh well uh okay okay you know chaos - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on um um so um uh like well you know um May 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually you know like um you know so like okay okay I mean large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which I mean so so you know you know I mean okay like uh organized world tours and booked live performances for various artists including okay I mean uh um so um um uh you know Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very I mean so you know uh uh you know you know okay you know different than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and okay uh uh well well um um you know I mean though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar uh so okay so um so um I mean uh tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the like uh you know so so so um well um British First Army in Tunisia and from there it fought I mean well I mean I mean um okay so you know I mean through the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 I mean well uh okay um I mean like uh like ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center like I mean like like so I mean um okay I mean currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell um I mean I mean like you know like um well I mean him about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance uh I mean so okay uh um I mean well well and worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the I mean um I mean um well uh like um like Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' like like like okay um okay uh like uh and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires well I mean you know well uh I mean I mean I mean so miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a so um uh so so okay um uh um wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the okay uh um well um um so like you know present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing uh uh um like well so you know well I mean with her work as an actress and producer in her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, but okay like um okay so well okay so I mean the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick I mean okay I mean I mean I mean I mean well well like and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was I mean like so like you know uh I mean like okay active in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output uh like so okay um well okay uh well are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight division so uh so well okay um okay okay uh race in which they finished one game out in the uh well well uh well so so well uh first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died I mean you know um so I mean I mean okay I mean uh when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the US the uh okay so so uh well okay I mean well band decided to film a higher budget video: the American so so like so okay well well I mean you know video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and Eric Roberts like well like I mean I mean uh you know okay um in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on um okay like like so so uh I mean well a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race you know uh like so well like um so you know track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they uh uh okay like okay uh you know uh I mean set up their establishment of the federation in Beijing you know okay uh so okay uh I mean like well as the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in so um well okay um well well like uh support of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the you know uh so I mean I mean okay uh so you know SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before his death, well I mean I mean um well so like so okay his family was in great danger and therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, like I mean so you know I mean so I mean like um so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue uh uh you know I mean like I mean you know you know um greater opportunity as a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' so uh uh you know well I mean you know okay um along with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's okay so you know okay so um you know so like deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to okay um um I mean you know uh uh you know okay 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a okay well you know okay uh you know um uh uh Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training um uh well um you know you know so so like academy was permitted to remain open as an independent training uh I mean uh uh um I mean okay you know okay organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians like um you know you know well I mean okay so okay married by 'coemptio' or 'usus': in the uh like okay well okay I mean uh okay so latter, a woman could avoid her husband's legal well uh uh uh okay okay like okay um control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the night, at I mean I mean well uh uh um well so so one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and Technology like you know I mean so um so well well so magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played like I mean you know um okay okay um uh you know in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative I mean like you know um like so well um you know level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body so um um you know um uh so uh well was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella okay okay so so like so I mean so I mean to take Azmaria as far away as they can, but you know um uh you know okay well so uh well before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into like like so so uh uh uh okay like stone and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university but has I mean okay um um so I mean well you know so now left (though it retained some ties) having previously merged with um I mean okay you know so like well okay so the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if you know you know uh uh well like uh so so they object the child (unless they are over 16 years well I mean um uh so like you know I mean okay old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 of this Act; uh okay uh you know like um like um you know the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is so like um uh so I mean like I mean so the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, I mean um you know I mean so I mean so you know well quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical like you know I mean well um I mean okay um I mean negligence during her birth and has been treated for the um you know you know uh you know okay okay well okay condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos Guapos well like um uh uh okay like so well with Kaos who main evented in third episode in a um you know well so I mean so okay um okay Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los well so uh well you know so uh you know so Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA Championship um I mean okay okay um I mean so um okay with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with okay you know so okay okay you know you know so like thought - provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading you know okay okay uh okay like you know um okay a new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is okay you know um okay uh um uh well um often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of like okay okay uh I mean um I mean like uh Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - based, um well you know you know I mean I mean so uh like amateur handball club registered in the England Handball Association, well you know I mean um um so well um uh which hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's um you know um well well like so well you know works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American I mean well um well you know uh well uh uh actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls I mean I mean okay you know okay well um uh you know on HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase um uh well um you know um you know well I mean the whole Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works so I mean you know like uh well uh so uh and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, like you know so well um okay uh okay uh 1965) was born near McComb and attended well um uh like like like um you know um the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music okay you know okay okay like uh you know okay you know singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a well I mean like like well I mean well so like career on the stage of more than two decades, you know I mean so like um so uh so so playing secondary character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration okay uh um well okay I mean well so you know which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a few catholic well okay okay like uh I mean so like so seminaries before he became a priest, he was ordained on um so so okay um okay like okay like December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the USA well um okay uh so um well uh uh to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District near I mean so well so I mean uh okay well so Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 students I mean like I mean um okay uh you know okay well RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun Mansion like uh uh okay like I mean like like um and Library, was originally built as a four room so okay like I mean so so well you know okay house about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while I mean you know uh um okay like I mean so I mean the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the I mean um I mean so you know you know well you know uh city announced that it had bought the Threefoot Building from you know you know um okay like you know you know uh like a private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm you know so well um so um you know um you know would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the you know I mean I mean okay uh like uh um uh first time due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a so you know okay well like so well I mean okay 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also scored like so I mean well you know so like like you know the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the uh like well okay um uh so uh well official religion as a way for people to seek their uh uh you know uh uh you know you know uh I mean own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in uh like you know like okay I mean um um you know a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which so you know you know so well okay so um so was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible so uh you know you know so I mean like okay you know answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is okay okay um you know um so so okay I mean an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles um well like I mean well okay like you know so Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is you know so well well like you know well well uh exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located like you know you know uh okay uh like well like 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & Britton, um uh like you know you know you know I mean like uh worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the first well you know um okay um you know um um um member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, um I mean uh well like uh well I mean like who badly desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) like well well I mean okay um you know so okay is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of the Premier okay I mean uh uh so I mean um I mean uh League season in a 2 -- 2 draw at home okay like so you know I mean so so you know I mean to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored the I mean I mean like okay I mean uh like I mean uh team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh I mean so you know uh well like so uh um was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry okay well so you know well like like so uh Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, like you know so like okay well well okay well 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, so so um um okay well I mean I mean like a summer league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, you know um um I mean you know uh um I mean like and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins in well like like I mean so uh you know um so single - candidate votes, although there is room for so um okay uh um well well well okay symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly led astray by like I mean you know you know well uh I mean so well the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the Greater uh okay like you know um okay I mean you know so Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became a I mean um okay well you know okay uh uh so recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 season, and in uh I mean you know uh um um well uh you know early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of you know you know you know you know well I mean well um uh Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where dismounts so I mean you know okay uh well well you know you know go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' carry well well uh okay okay um um uh um of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees well I mean well um I mean uh you know so like and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked you know you know uh well okay so um uh well in Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and you know I mean well okay well uh I mean you know like supplies, set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of I mean okay okay um you know um you know you know well evolving musical styles, many of the later conceived okay uh okay so like uh like well well artists in the 80's and 90's are highly influenced I mean okay well okay you know so like well um by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration I mean I mean you know uh like okay okay like you know outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back uh I mean uh okay so um uh like um rent on the land to the Bureau of uh like okay you know I mean so okay you know I mean Land Management, but the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling um I mean so like um I mean uh I mean okay to put to paper a series of captivating, um like so you know you know like you know you know so colorful stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory - okay um uh I mean I mean okay like so um Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a you know uh I mean um okay okay well okay like Crime film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går Large' and okay like uh well okay well like well you know 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of you know okay okay you know I mean so well uh okay the 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the so you know like um like you know okay well you know Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, okay I mean well uh um I mean you know so well which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent I mean um okay okay well um well uh like traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries well like you know I mean like uh okay so so in test scores in math, science, and literacy, s uh so you know um like I mean you know like uh listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held I mean so I mean uh so like well I mean so on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the you know like okay okay like so um okay uh main antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though you know well you know so so I mean um like you know in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in um like okay I mean uh so like well okay Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the you know uh I mean so okay like I mean okay well only leftist youth organization in the whole area of the Persian so um so I mean you know you know um well I mean Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and okay uh so like okay well okay okay uh from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on the life like um you know so well um uh so like of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells I mean well so well well you know um um I mean Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South Australia from you know so like well like so so I mean I mean 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his well so I mean like you know so um okay like drinking became chronic, and led to a severe nervous okay um so you know so you know okay well like breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, I mean you know well like like so you know okay okay handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish um I mean like well so you know um uh um Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend well um you know you know like okay like I mean well John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's you know uh like um okay okay you know uh I mean Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring um um like okay so okay uh okay okay in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi uh like you know um uh like um okay well was 'one of the toughest men in the world'; police um you know so you know uh um so I mean okay suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a reverse uh you know well you know uh well uh uh I mean auction, as back loads and part loads often require a you know like okay like I mean okay okay uh okay degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off - road I mean uh okay like so well um you know uh vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened so um well well I mean uh I mean you know okay fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people um you know you know I mean well you know so okay well marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with I mean you know well okay um you know um I mean I mean the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot Cop collaborator I mean uh well so you know you know okay um I mean Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band so I mean like like okay like you know I mean okay recorded an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores are like so um so you know so I mean uh well named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape Indians um well uh I mean okay so uh well I mean in 1683, the park covers an area you know uh like so um um okay like like of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for um um so I mean you know so uh well you know 'Audience No. 2', the first single released on so you know you know I mean um um so you know um May 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track I mean uh I mean like you know I mean okay well well 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a visionary and uh okay like um you know okay I mean I mean okay virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside so you know so so well like um so um the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama you know so like okay uh well I mean like well based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his participation um okay okay okay uh so like I mean uh in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated the um like uh okay you know you know I mean uh you know address on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in the you know well uh I mean um you know uh I mean like abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from the Philadelphia so like like so I mean you know okay like uh High School for Girls in 1974 and from 1990 to well you know um you know uh um you know like I mean 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they so I mean I mean like well well like you know like are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining so well okay well okay so uh I mean uh water in the plant and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra uh um like okay so um so you know well and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County Louth, well okay you know like so well well uh you know Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and so you know like uh you know well I mean like well audiences, is the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' I mean well I mean so well well uh like uh series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced like like uh you know so okay um I mean uh back to several earlier blues songs and it has been um you know so okay like okay um I mean like suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery um you know so um uh uh uh uh well County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd outdoor game like uh so you know like like so um uh in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the General Robert you know I mean I mean well I mean so well um okay E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag on its you know like uh um so um I mean uh so roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where you know well um okay um so well uh uh the events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the you know I mean so okay uh okay well well I mean 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 like you know so like you know uh uh okay uh made a return to International Handball with four appearances for so well uh well um uh you know like like Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last so uh okay so well so so okay I mean name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a um I mean I mean like well uh you know well I mean pub, a general store and a post okay well well um I mean okay um well like office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in um like okay um you know uh um uh so 1996 to Moore's former seat and still serves in the chamber, you know I mean uh okay okay uh well uh okay called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who so um okay like um um you know like um built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, uh like so like you know I mean uh I mean like but after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the I mean you know like I mean um so like like okay election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased you know okay okay you know um you know so so well to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the I mean well well I mean um uh like um so population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with their okay well okay like well well uh uh okay nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet okay okay well okay okay so you know um okay officials that same day, who asked if he wanted to uh um um you know you know well I mean I mean like return to the United States; he insisted to like so well like you know like so okay like them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US set, um well so well I mean um you know well well This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve um uh well okay so well like um like the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and um um well um um well like well like blues scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden uh um um like um okay I mean okay well as a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science um like you know you know like so okay I mean uh and Technology in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started you know uh okay um um like you know like so movie directing with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the so um uh you know I mean okay uh you know like Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly uh like I mean so I mean well okay so like as her third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th U-boat uh you know like so you know so I mean I mean I mean Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of like like uh well okay well you know like okay excluding the pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under I mean so like well I mean so so like like God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season um okay so okay I mean um okay um I mean making a total of seven appearances in his first I mean well um like um okay okay well you know season as a professional, making his debut as a well uh so so uh like so well um substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of like I mean you know um uh um like I mean I mean about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General I mean okay you know you know so well well well like Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is I mean um like okay so um uh I mean you know $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and um well well so well well like I mean so David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the well so well um okay okay um I mean well brothers wanted a software that would let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light for well well you know well well I mean uh I mean so anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of geothermal heat is so well well so so so um I mean like caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born so well you know you know so you know you know you know I mean September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the uh uh um you know um so like so I mean 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as uh I mean you know uh okay like uh uh like part of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the center um like well well uh okay like you know like began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which okay okay uh uh well okay um like okay attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters so okay you know well I mean okay well uh you know from the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing 'Secondhand um okay well well I mean um uh you know you know Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, I mean I mean like um well so so okay so attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played three um you know um okay well I mean like okay like seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of America you know okay so so like well uh uh okay as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three so uh uh you know uh um um okay well ships were forced to stop in Los Angeles for uh well um um you know um well well I mean repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade I mean I mean uh well so like okay okay you know running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait to um like um well okay like like okay um lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released um you know so uh uh so uh like like the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane uh I mean you know so like like I mean okay like remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, okay um okay well I mean um so um so I am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S um like um I mean okay I mean okay uh okay. With the purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 million you know so okay so well okay um okay um in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; in uh um so like like okay um you know okay 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who uh so you know so so so okay so well was sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket you know uh like okay you know well like you know so for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales in the Richmondshire okay um uh so um so um I mean so district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers positioned um like well you know like you know well like I mean machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and opened well so um okay like I mean like like you know fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, uh I mean so I mean like well like um like have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck for well you know uh okay I mean uh so okay well $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart with uh like well um like well like you know okay Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now with well I mean so so okay like I mean so uh a woman fifteen years younger than her with a um well so um um like like uh um baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- so you know so well like um I mean okay you know 1840), entered the employment of the king of Sweden um uh you know I mean I mean uh like okay like as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an uh okay so I mean I mean okay so you know okay American film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a you know like um you know like I mean okay so okay famous Arabic language song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese so well you know I mean uh you know you know like you know pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in the well you know well like uh I mean um like I mean projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the previous estimate I mean okay well like like uh I mean um well of $ 16 million, down to $ 1 like you know so well um you know uh well you know. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November okay okay you know uh uh I mean like I mean like 1886) was the first African - American to graduate like uh uh you know okay well um you know uh from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and butcher so like okay so okay you know I mean so uh him for stew meat, telling the rest of the you know you know I mean um you know I mean um well well family that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school did um I mean like uh you know well okay I mean uh not have a large budget and coach Erk well you know well so um you know well well like Russell ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players like like well uh you know um like um well to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at I mean um um you know uh well well like like Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his um uh you know um okay like okay um you know daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was I mean you know I mean like well like uh okay you know represented by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, um you know like well okay well um uh I mean he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short okay um uh um I mean you know like so you know - listed for the top job but applied well well uh so well well okay you know you know after he received a phone call from Prime Minister John like like like um I mean uh well okay like Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance um like so like uh like okay I mean uh of the Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by well I mean I mean so okay you know like I mean okay Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian so you know uh okay well uh you know like okay authorities in Cali during March 2004, accused of like okay like okay okay you know like well you know having shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US well like you know like uh uh well like okay in 1990, a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded you know okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay by the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and data so well you know okay uh uh well you know so products for a 25 - year - plus time you know well well uh okay okay okay I mean okay period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a um you know uh um you know you know you know I mean um restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was okay well you know uh you know so I mean I mean I mean played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed you know um okay uh uh I mean like you know like work for a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the well you know so okay well so uh uh um southern states and then Cash began to tour with like uh so you know well I mean uh like so Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively okay um uh um okay so well uh okay required in order to work, which is why some well well um like so so you know you know like people use the term common - interest association to describe you know so so you know uh um well well um groups which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) is a uh okay I mean uh um uh you know well I mean Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, uh so well like you know like so okay I mean human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November 2010 which outlined you know well okay okay okay okay so well um many new developments, including the impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) I mean okay um well like well okay okay like is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of like okay well uh um I mean like so okay 'Pokémon Diamond' or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as I mean I mean like I mean like well I mean so um the player has gained access to the Jubilife TV Station, I mean you know like I mean uh um well you know okay assuming that the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the influence uh like okay like well so well you know I mean of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was a Member of so I mean well well um uh okay I mean so Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left uh uh uh you know so okay okay like um their imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there like like so uh you know well like uh uh in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some 40 you know uh well uh I mean like well so uh km to the NW) on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team well you know well I mean like uh uh so you know with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and he you know uh okay like well so uh I mean okay was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract such as uh uh you know okay like like I mean well so those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of I mean uh you know well well uh you know so so Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local you know like you know so well well well so um homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one well I mean okay uh I mean I mean like you know okay year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the so like um you know uh uh like I mean well end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the 17th like um so I mean okay uh like um you know century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was okay I mean like well um so uh I mean uh divided into three administrative districts, given by the so um like so um okay well um uh scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives so I mean like um okay I mean I mean uh okay to give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses well I mean um okay um uh okay you know okay him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers okay um I mean um well um you know okay uh got off to a strong start winning their first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the water, um you know uh well like well uh so well bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having well um okay um um uh um okay you know sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth I mean okay um I mean so well so okay um of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New uh so I mean you know uh well so like I mean Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers of workforce training, so um um well like um um like um adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in a four - okay I mean so I mean um uh you know okay so county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese well uh uh okay so you know you know so like War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in um um so uh well you know okay like I mean North China and soon more than half the you know you know so um so well you know like um salt revenue was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland so well um well like I mean you know you know I mean Athletics in 1989 to win the World Series after losing you know I mean like I mean I mean I mean um okay okay in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker um well I mean well you know like so uh so in the early Seventies and became General Secretary of okay I mean um okay I mean you know well so I mean the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks of like well okay okay like uh um you know like the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although the original so I mean so uh um you know like well well distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power um okay like okay uh well okay um you know spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit okay uh I mean so um well I mean okay so of the plant being used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the so uh you know I mean well so well I mean uh protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of Westminster politics um okay okay you know um okay so I mean well when he lost office in 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' um I mean well so you know uh you know like I mean originally referred to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94 so okay so you know like okay okay like um. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before you know okay so uh uh well um uh well the punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never okay um like I mean well okay um I mean so actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', I mean okay I mean like I mean so okay uh you know 'Tiny Tangerine' and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of uh um well so well like um um uh the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U. S. State okay I mean like uh well so like um okay of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, so uh like so like you know you know um so and the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight underfloor you know you know okay so so well okay uh I mean - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors between like you know well so um like so uh you know 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he okay okay uh um okay I mean well okay um was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the you know I mean like uh well I mean like I mean well sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two like uh um like so I mean like um you know years of emergency but the discontent lead to a wave so uh so you know so okay like um I mean in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely uh like um well well you know okay okay well NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term that I mean like you know uh uh okay um uh well has fallen out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights uh um uh so um um uh you know okay advocate, scholar in the field of critical race theory, and like well well well like okay well okay so a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English journalist, okay so um like so like I mean you know I mean dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management had okay like well I mean okay um so uh so destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence before the police uh I mean well you know so like um so okay arrived and they alleged that fellow students were um like okay so I mean like like um well asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a well so um like like um like so I mean uh known South African brand of rusks - a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver I mean uh I mean I mean okay you know you know okay like O. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians uh okay okay so um well so uh um did not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function so um uh I mean I mean I mean um you know I mean of all the forces acting on the plate; however, therein remains so um I mean you know so so uh you know okay the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league so uh like um well um well um well footballer who played in the 1950s, playing at you know like well you know you know okay you know I mean uh representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was okay uh I mean like well okay like well I mean the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s from like um like um okay um uh uh okay French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and cut so okay you know you know you know you know uh I mean I mean off the column of armoured cars in the valley; over okay so so um uh I mean you know so so 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey like you know uh uh uh okay well you know um departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to uh well like um well so so um so cloak Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion uh um so you know okay uh uh um okay gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by I mean okay like so um so um I mean uh the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the I mean so well um um well well okay I mean men in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women okay um like well like um um you know like could enroll in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) so I mean like like like okay I mean so well was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King served you know uh I mean um okay you know uh well um as the first United States Representative from California's 17th you know okay you know well I mean like um okay well congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to okay uh so so um okay I mean okay so the Bus Station, a transport congestion started forming um okay um okay I mean I mean like um uh in the station, and as a result bus stations started um okay okay okay okay uh um so I mean spreading towards the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the well you know um uh I mean uh um you know okay local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in I mean you know um uh okay okay well well you know 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first in so uh you know well like well well so uh Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House of Lords, uh uh uh you know well like well okay you know Lord Wei also takes an interest in British Chinese I mean well so so um so you know um you know community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly innovating so okay uh well like like okay you know like the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, you know so uh you know uh okay well so I mean and the second time he told him that well uh so like I mean you know uh um uh he had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on like I mean you know um so you know you know well um the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja buses and the I mean okay uh you know I mean you know so well I mean more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which is the um well I mean you know um you know okay uh I mean longest bus rapid transit system in the world, okay well you know you know I mean okay so so um boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep so like like like so you know like well I mean interest in social justice and a gifted linguist uh um so well like um like well um from an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and so like so so I mean I mean like well you know he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely localized to you know you know I mean you know I mean you know well well I mean small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar well uh okay well you know like I mean um um pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a coiled I mean uh uh uh like so um like okay -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes well okay so you know you know you know well I mean you know County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in uh so well uh okay so uh um well Pirituba principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from like um like you know so well uh well uh a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County was uh like um okay okay I mean so uh I mean formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by so so you know like okay um well um so the end of 25 June and the 49th Division continued like so um so so uh um uh okay the attack southwards until 1 July, when the division saw so like um well so well so okay I mean off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing uh so uh you know I mean well well okay I mean a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only I mean I mean um like uh well okay okay um child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching well um well well so well okay um you know his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining up and um like well well like well you know uh okay passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, um well um okay so you know uh um you know some Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath -- in uh like well uh uh so like well well his 1997 book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs I mean well um uh well um um so so -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre well like um uh um I mean well well um Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Deland uh you know so I mean okay so um like I mean was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the queen, I mean I mean okay uh um uh you know like like and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious okay um okay uh you know I mean I mean you know you know and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this you know I mean you know so I mean uh like uh so world is children, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits um you know uh like like like well like well Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is you know I mean so uh like well uh I mean uh one of the most popular and influential actors of Telugu like like well okay uh uh well um like cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero uh you know uh uh um so you know so you know Award for the prom as well as the Bob Speltzer well you know like uh like okay uh well okay Community Service Award by the Q Center for his work on uh um uh I mean okay okay I mean okay okay LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan into you know well okay so okay okay uh uh so molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de well like um um so I mean you know well I mean Bois, used pigeon Island as his base, he forged okay so well okay uh um you know like so an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is uh so so okay I mean I mean okay so uh a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between okay I mean okay I mean um like like I mean um Tia, her daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( like well uh well like well okay um uh Kanani and Keli'i ) all four who help run the center so like okay you know so um like you know um. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy like I mean so uh so you know you know okay okay losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo um so okay well okay like so well well eventually fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the uh um like um so uh so uh uh incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of the two so uh I mean um I mean like uh like you know helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's I mean like like like like I mean uh I mean well porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two so well you know so so um you know like like decades, and Henry was subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; so um so you know you know well you know like okay but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, so well well well so well okay like uh 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh like I mean I mean okay I mean like so you know uh season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving I mean I mean like I mean like like you know you know I mean Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in you know I mean uh uh you know you know well uh okay itself does not prove that Bess was in okay um um uh like well like well okay service at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' so uh so um you know so okay uh so death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American well uh well I mean like like well I mean like high school basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as I mean so so um so like uh you know uh one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be given well okay uh okay uh I mean like uh uh as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 um okay like I mean well well okay you know I mean km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to um I mean uh well so um you know well um service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural um well like I mean I mean um I mean okay um Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and like uh um uh so like so so you know is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal okay okay uh uh like you know okay uh well reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; almost all the um you know um I mean you know well you know okay uh original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February okay um like well okay well um uh you know 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals so um uh um uh like you know well uh occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to um well you know I mean you know so you know so um the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the final & I mean so so you know well well I mean I mean um Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with um um you know like I mean so I mean you know um the king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas okay you know you know well like um well um well did not ask for the usual bottle of urine, well you know so okay I mean you know okay I mean I mean and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists you know you know uh I mean um I mean um um so and researchers that Crowley worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a you know uh like uh I mean so well like you know cat mask, which is the only part of her so I mean like uh um like you know um I mean visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and well so I mean I mean okay like I mean I mean uh are highly efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall I mean okay uh I mean uh so I mean I mean okay in love with each other again and after an argument, Arnav I mean so so um like well you know well I mean decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have you know so well okay I mean you know so like uh files occupy a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's okay you know um well uh uh okay you know um actual size files that do not fill a whole sector will have well so you know you know like so you know I mean well the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was you know you know you know you know you know okay so well you know a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that the you know I mean I mean okay so so uh so so artisans say is chemically unique but at current rates so uh you know like so um like like so of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there I mean um um well you know like like you know uh is also an overall champion titled the All - like like um like uh um um well okay Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the Kalush you know you know you know uh I mean okay like you know um District of Galiсia, then part of the Austro so like okay like um like I mean like like - Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the um um you know I mean uh so um okay uh Hatfield warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J well well um uh so okay well you know you know. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech football you know um well like um I mean you know uh um goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a like okay um um I mean I mean like you know so two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the you know so so uh so you know well like well mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of California, like you know so so like okay you know okay uh which according to a previously published romance novel in Spain, was um I mean like um you know I mean so I mean okay supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane you know um um uh uh I mean I mean so you know on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the well I mean um like like uh so you know so oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke uh I mean like well like uh so um okay Fraser (born 15 December 1983), is a okay you know uh okay I mean I mean um uh you know New Zealand musician best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball uh so um um I mean well like like so team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is uh I mean you know I mean so uh like well um a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won you know you know so um you know um like you know okay some good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com like well well like okay um I mean um um and has earned distinctive spots on various site charts like okay okay I mean you know well okay like uh like mp3. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3 uh uh well okay okay well um um um. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian uh okay I mean so so you know well so you know Maya society can be inferred only from their elaborate burial you know so I mean uh uh you know um like like sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became well so well well I mean like um um so its first honorary president and, upon his death, was like so so uh um well like I mean like succeeded by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of okay okay okay uh uh okay you know you know uh Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an American well um well so so well okay um uh rock musician from Detroit that is most popular for his okay like so um um you know you know I mean well work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis like well like like you know you know I mean okay okay of the E class, supplied by Neilson and okay okay like I mean like I mean so so so Company in 1904, and in the same year the Central well okay so so like uh um okay so South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to okay okay okay so uh uh um okay so see if Fanny's hat was there, but the door closed okay um so you know I mean well well uh well behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a so okay uh um I mean like so so you know PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, while like like you know well um uh well so like epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April like I mean I mean uh uh I mean you know okay well 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was a British well so uh um uh I mean I mean well well general who is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for like I mean well uh you know I mean so uh so one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole tour uh like like I mean okay so um like so in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, I mean um I mean I mean uh um uh uh you know though, with the addition of extra dates, the new well okay well well well I mean I mean you know I mean Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and you know I mean uh you know well well you know so um in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was signed into okay like you know well like okay so uh um law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that uh well uh well you know you know uh I mean I mean was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward with um I mean uh well um you know you know um you know a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted uh um like you know I mean okay um well well Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth um um I mean you know so um um so um Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was you know okay okay well you know I mean you know so you know created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of well um you know like well you know like uh like Greater London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status um I mean you know okay okay I mean well so well Quo, which was released as a single in 1972 so like you know you know I mean I mean I mean uh I mean (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay I mean okay uh you know uh like okay uh so Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and well so you know okay well you know I mean well like potato, Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, uh uh um okay well well uh uh uh the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species selection well okay so you know you know uh okay um okay is S. J. Gould who has proposed the view that so well um you know uh I mean like uh okay there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond the okay I mean well I mean okay um I mean I mean well level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two I mean I mean so like like I mean you know like like years Thrace was in the hands of Halil Pasha, so like you know uh like so I mean uh I mean the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at I mean like like uh well um you know so uh the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his like um well uh so well like you know okay wife had agreed to an amicable separation and that well well uh uh you know so you know so I mean he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the so like so like so so well so I mean archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and you know you know so like well so okay I mean well humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of the uh so well uh you know okay you know I mean okay pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in so okay um I mean uh I mean I mean like okay 'The Case of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder okay uh you know okay well okay so so well of the decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is well so well I mean okay uh so uh like within a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in so you know uh okay you know uh um I mean you know which a sample was taken from a much older well you know um well um um okay so um dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition I mean like okay well okay well okay like uh of AlPO 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities and okay like I mean like like well you know so okay the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one by one; the I mean okay um uh okay okay um um uh two older ran off, but the youngest set out, having asked for you know uh well like I mean like you know I mean well food, and when the troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) well like like um um um I mean well well and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and so you know like so you know uh you know like you know the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical tribal you know like um like well I mean well so uh ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, like um I mean like you know okay okay so um portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon I mean um so well like so well so uh from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season so I mean okay like okay okay like like you know introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style um like uh um um well so uh well and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 um um uh I mean um you know um so you know the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible you know I mean well um okay okay you know uh you know to the British public; only four years later, Britain like well so I mean so um okay you know well and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in the like uh uh well uh I mean uh like um process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having like okay you know uh well like uh well well already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark um you know so so uh um I mean like so in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and well like well like um uh you know okay like financier, he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, um um so well um okay you know so you know a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award I mean well okay I mean you know um I mean um I mean - winning filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 professional I mean like okay I mean well um uh well um productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north okay well you know you know you know okay okay so I mean of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar like so so so well I mean okay okay uh is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create uh I mean okay you know um uh okay you know I mean addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat um so I mean you know so I mean so uh well for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; okay um you know well I mean you know like well okay the villa was named after an elm planted in uh so so like you know okay well I mean okay the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded okay well so um like um uh so so in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese uh so well so like I mean uh so you know toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / I mean um well you know like so well you know um DJ and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American uh like you know like you know okay um well like Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where okay um well like um so so well well the lead character is not am ambitious feminist but you know so so like so well uh um uh is a woman based in the home but a well um you know um I mean I mean okay so so sensitive woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the space well well um I mean well you know okay you know like but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld um you know like I mean um um um uh I mean attempted to pull him back to congratulate him after their handshake, so um well like well so so um okay with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church I mean I mean okay so uh you know well um uh tradition and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the uh like I mean I mean okay um I mean so I mean restoration of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war well well like uh um okay you know you know I mean against the Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in um you know okay so so like uh um you know the east, and negotiations of peace had just begun with the okay like okay um uh I mean um uh okay Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their uh okay well um you know um well like you know Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a like you know okay I mean um uh uh you know okay strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer a so uh uh so you know uh um so you know part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; okay so uh well you know uh well okay okay althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to a so like uh I mean well uh well so okay heart illness and can only be deciphered to be you know well I mean uh so you know I mean you know like athlete's heart through careful examination by a health care practioner which like okay I mean I mean like you know okay okay okay will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be locked in steel cabinets I mean I mean well I mean like I mean okay okay like or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt if readily removed) uh okay I mean you know well um um like um stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' and uh you know uh uh um well so you know well parallels a look at King David's life with uh well you know so you know like like okay like his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman um I mean I mean so you know like well uh um LLP and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent so I mean um I mean like well like okay you know and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government well okay okay like I mean well I mean well okay in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a well um uh uh like I mean I mean well I mean kennel is a small shed, often built in the okay like you know you know um so uh okay like shape of a little house, in which a dog is like you know um so okay okay okay um I mean kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of I mean um I mean so well like you know um well providing further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect the uh so I mean um um like like I mean so current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to you know okay so um so okay you know um um play the 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit you know well so okay you know well I mean like okay. 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located I mean uh well like well you know well well well in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the uh um um okay um you know uh okay well island and as of 2004, the State okay so you know I mean you know okay okay I mean I mean of Florida was offering a site in the Island Gardens project you know so uh well I mean like so you know you know on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field uh uh um so so well I mean okay um. The 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star okay so okay well I mean I mean uh okay okay and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / I mean like uh well like you know um so well UMinho in the opening round but their domestic campaign um you know I mean well so uh you know so you know ended with a 5th place finish and therefore the okay I mean um um you know okay um like so team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only okay okay okay I mean you know well I mean I mean well food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes okay like you know I mean um like you know you know so the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is an attractive okay well uh like like okay um so I mean female (believing that statutory rape is not a crime if okay uh so um well well I mean okay uh the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving you know so okay um like like I mean you know okay to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a uh you know um I mean so I mean I mean so uh Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, um okay okay okay you know okay I mean I mean like the first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a okay I mean okay well okay okay you know um well major probe into utility companies funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of Deusto, so so um so so okay well you know you know and completed follow - up studies at the École Pratique okay I mean so I mean um uh okay like um des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior managers in um like so you know like like you know okay you know Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II you know I mean uh like so okay um okay uh 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni scandalously well I mean you know so um like so you know so shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off well so well okay like um like uh I mean her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked okay you know okay so I mean like so so you know in the Edgartown School as an instructional technology um well uh I mean so um okay okay so specialist and as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti um like uh like well uh um so well cars appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 James okay I mean like so uh I mean you know um uh Bond film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 uh like you know uh okay well uh okay you know August 1929) was a career solider who commanded okay uh I mean so um so you know like well the First Battalion of the King's African Rifles in so like so okay uh um um like I mean the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series like well okay like well well um like uh until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which um I mean like well like like okay okay uh takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located okay so I mean uh okay so you know um well in Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, it okay uh well like uh you know okay like I mean was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee well okay I mean um uh so so I mean okay Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven you know uh I mean so I mean you know uh you know I mean - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom so okay you know you know so you know okay well okay L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence like like okay I mean like well okay well I mean and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius Penrose, well okay like uh I mean um you know so I mean Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', I mean um okay well uh um okay well um ) is a continuation in the traditions of the Church like well I mean okay so I mean like so uh of the East, one of the oldest Christian churches whose I mean well okay um okay like you know like um origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest you know like you know like well um um I mean so of the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing Dynasty uh uh I mean uh um like okay so um when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the First Sino okay uh um uh uh um like like okay - Japanese War to made China discontinue the influence on you know you know uh well um I mean I mean well like Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of you know um like okay well like well well okay the 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) in um um um you know you know um um so well Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, well so like uh uh like so well I mean 328 performances and won five Tony Awards, and the you know um okay I mean you know I mean uh okay uh musical has been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state I mean um I mean well um um uh well okay of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks of like uh okay um um I mean so so okay the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch well uh I mean um well okay okay okay so Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from prison he uh um you know uh you know you know uh um you know was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in so okay you know you know so like you know so I mean 1191, when King Richard I of England well like well okay uh uh you know so um captured it on his way to the Third Crusade like you know okay like well um so uh I mean by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - I mean so okay uh I mean I mean uh um so third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked by so I mean so okay um so like so uh the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame well so well you know uh you know I mean like um Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of uh uh like uh well okay um like uh the organization involved in production of audio - I mean well uh so well uh you know you know you know visual presentations and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, by well um you know you know okay um um like you know Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium so well so um okay like you know um so was high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium became you know I mean I mean okay so you know um so well apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced in most industrialized well um you know uh well okay um I mean like nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, so uh well you know okay okay okay um okay which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is you know okay like I mean okay you know well okay like the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call you know I mean like okay um I mean you know okay well Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, you know um like okay I mean so so so I mean although there is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart um well so um like well uh you know uh Fridays' were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold okay like um okay uh I mean you know well okay a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding so you know uh okay I mean like uh uh well Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and future like um you know um um so you know like okay anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number of boat so you know like uh so uh you know um well houses marked on old maps, including two on I mean okay I mean like well uh well so you know the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one near um um well so um like uh um you know Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional engine uh so I mean I mean like okay well like you know and propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; the well well I mean well well okay you know okay uh rolled seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently unrolled okay uh um uh I mean so okay so you know owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used you know um I mean uh um you know you know well well for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution I mean I mean so uh like so uh uh so is to use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent well um um like you know like so so I mean light bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a well so like so um well you know I mean like free agent with the New York Rangers on July well I mean you know okay so like you know you know well 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was um like I mean uh okay well uh well you know opened in 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred you know like like okay um well uh you know well to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony as so I mean well okay I mean like you know um so well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce vasospasm, so well uh I mean so you know uh so well however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three you know well you know um I mean well okay I mean like further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry I mean you know um uh I mean you know you know um okay for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial okay I mean uh uh um okay I mean you know so pass, Alexander could be cut off from Greece, uh so um like like um like well well which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - you know um like uh you know I mean like okay okay gana (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- like well I mean I mean well uh like like I mean placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry um um so um so like um like so a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group formed okay like okay well you know okay um okay you know in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and so I mean um um well um like so well Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence you know I mean you know okay so so um so I mean of the city just prior to the Second Boer War, like okay so um you know um well like well though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as Conny you know you know I mean well okay uh okay so so Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was you know you know I mean like well so okay uh like a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the Cabinet Room, I mean well so like like like I mean well like where he warns the PM that Luke is actually the you know so okay um so okay uh okay so Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply describes um well uh okay like like you know uh I mean the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin okay like you know I mean you know like you know well I mean C are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, so okay so well so so you know like so but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University like okay so you know well okay so so so of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives I mean uh like like like well you know uh um Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, um you know you know so I mean I mean you know you know I mean all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration I mean okay I mean like well okay uh um like from the album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division I. UTSA okay well um like like you know well uh so will join the Western Athletic Conference on July okay so like you know well you know like I mean um 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of like well well well you know you know well well you know citizenship and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church uh okay okay I mean you know like okay uh um he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers uh I mean like okay okay you know you know okay you know as aliens, men with whom we share a city, but well like I mean uh um you know okay um I mean not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming uh um well so you know uh like uh so to have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in you know okay you know um okay you know you know um well Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, okay like like like you know so I mean um um at least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' uh well um like uh you know um I mean you know Rivera, a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and like um like uh you know like you know um well Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on um like um like um like so so so the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in um like uh um uh well so um well court to dispute the theory and in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of Chicago I mean like like I mean so okay um I mean okay in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, so uh like so uh you know okay you know like considering that he had a young family to so like well um okay okay uh okay uh care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took uh I mean uh I mean like okay I mean so uh part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments like I mean uh okay okay uh well so like and cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine so so uh uh okay I mean well um you know of the Real Presence, such as the Book of well okay so well like you know uh uh okay Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death well okay well uh so I mean um okay okay sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering that the okay well like okay you know okay okay you know uh demons are herbivores and eat half their weight in I mean okay like so um um so uh um food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that well I mean like I mean so like um well um is performed in an operatic style, or a song, theme like so um I mean uh so like um you know or motif from classical music stylized as pop. The like so so you know okay like well uh you know term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues I mean you know you know um well well okay I mean I mean and body cavities where they are present, okay you know uh um like so you know so I mean which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the you know well so okay you know uh uh you know um former German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a uh you know um so you know like uh okay well mobile messaging application for businesses that was founded in May 2013 well so uh uh I mean I mean I mean well um by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a I mean you know um uh uh okay okay uh well British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open okay well you know um uh you know um like I mean Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February so I mean um I mean you know uh uh uh okay 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across so uh well you know I mean uh I mean I mean um Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight well like like um like like uh um uh months earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey um well well you know so uh okay you know so - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination by so okay uh okay I mean you know uh okay so association can also take a case even if they so I mean like I mean like you know um okay I mean do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions like um uh uh uh uh you know like I mean limiting or prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of injustice, for so okay so um like so uh you know okay example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the retreating like I mean well I mean like uh um uh so Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up I mean um um like okay well you know okay okay with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that she's pregnant um um like okay you know um okay I mean so. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the uh okay so I mean well like well I mean so franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil well I mean like okay well well well well I mean War, had served two terms as president from 1869 well so okay um uh I mean okay you know well to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for uh okay like well I mean um you know like uh another well - known station in the area from 1925 I mean uh okay okay um um like you know well until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible okay um you know like um like like I mean um changes in two small areas of the rat brain, well I mean I mean well like you know so like well which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability of like like um I mean like okay you know well um phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases like like like you know well you know okay okay okay bioavailability to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which you know um well like like well uh okay uh are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one um okay well okay you know I mean uh like um of the most famous carp lakes in the country, well so you know well okay you know like uh so whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries um um I mean I mean okay you know so well uh and has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey I mean um so okay I mean like okay okay um and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known well I mean I mean well okay uh you know I mean okay as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and okay so I mean okay so like well um I mean hint of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations so so okay um okay um okay uh I mean of murders, and three missing person reports in the state like I mean like okay okay you know I mean so you know since 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda so well um you know uh well okay I mean so Gregg to whom he was married for six years, and I mean okay I mean okay um like I mean okay um was also married to Michiko Nogami (a language okay um uh like so well I mean um like instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of like well I mean you know um well I mean uh well Fallot (TOF), that will require him to undergo at uh I mean like you know you know um um uh I mean least three open heart surgeries in his life, I mean I mean like like like I mean you know you know um one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' uh um um okay I mean uh so um you know and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November well you know well um you know so so like you know 1979 ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous okay like um I mean okay okay uh so I mean murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos you know you know okay you know um well um like uh wear Smith's left - handed glove, this so I mean you know um you know so I mean uh um being the reason behind him raising his left hand, um um so um well um I mean um you know as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections um so like okay I mean um well I mean I mean of Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of so I mean okay like well you know well like like St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) well so well I mean uh so uh uh so was the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, um so I mean I mean well uh well okay you know mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic awards uh I mean um I mean like like um okay well -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving well um well I mean so well like well you know is a legal term for a particular type uh like so okay okay I mean uh well um of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss okay uh well like like I mean I mean okay I mean entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, well uh you know okay uh I mean so um um design, performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class well uh like uh um I mean uh um I mean S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently you know like you know well uh uh uh uh I mean in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi were: um so um well um well well um um the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th you know um so I mean um well well so you know Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss like okay you know okay um uh well so I mean of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, Jerry um I mean like like you know uh like I mean like Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor the well okay so uh okay like um okay you know power of the 76 mm main gun of a KV - okay okay you know well um you know um like well 1, and the narrower track width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws like you know uh well um so well I mean so than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic um okay like you know you know well um I mean I mean changes seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, uh um okay you know so I mean you know so well 1856 -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian um okay so uh uh like you know well okay field marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such okay uh um I mean um so so like okay as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation reason, those like okay like well so uh uh uh you know with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long Island I mean okay okay I mean um I mean okay so I mean NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is uh okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early you know like well well I mean so like well uh October and peace between Poland and Sweden could be established okay I mean well well I mean uh you know so like in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king so um like so like well I mean so I mean to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, well okay well like um uh I mean like well he keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder well so you know so uh okay like like okay to himself lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in I mean so I mean okay uh so um uh like return for his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the nominations I mean you know okay like um so I mean uh um page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers Institute uh I mean uh like uh well um well okay of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph. D. At like like I mean well okay okay so okay uh the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more you know you know like so I mean well I mean uh so recently there has been a push towards other types uh like I mean I mean so okay uh well well of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had like um you know well you know I mean so uh okay 42 players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the like like um okay so like like like uh women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis I mean um like like uh you know so well I mean (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel uh okay well you know okay um well I mean uh of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should uh I mean I mean okay you know well uh uh uh get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the 15th I mean okay um um so I mean well you know um (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down the like um okay um well um uh okay you know 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil um like um uh well okay so okay you know Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, so you know so you know so like well like I mean 'I'm Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year um okay well so uh okay okay um so - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, but both so uh um okay I mean um uh you know uh times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out you know I mean well okay um so well you know I mean With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a 3 uh I mean so well um you know well um so. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA uh I mean uh uh like um you know uh so in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words into well so um I mean well so okay um um the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; so like okay okay um well um uh like if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a like like okay okay I mean well like uh so taped response from the second person was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman you know I mean like I mean um you know um uh like strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself you know you know um uh so you know uh you know um in the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord. A so okay like I mean you know like uh you know um hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled to Europe, and so I mean like uh well so you know uh uh after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or um uh I mean okay um you know okay well um Youth for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing you know um I mean well like so you know okay I mean HIV transmission among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior okay so well uh well I mean you know like I mean change in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were relegated uh uh I mean well you know well I mean you know okay in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat okay uh I mean I mean like uh I mean so like Peyote, Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very low you know you know well you know well okay okay well uh skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents were like uh okay you know uh so um so okay concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, like uh um I mean um well I mean so I mean but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been I mean well I mean okay um uh so you know like with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in I mean well you know so so so uh okay well Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the like um okay uh like like I mean um well 12th century, there were opportunities for female education in the you know so well so well so you know I mean uh medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned his practice; like I mean um you know I mean okay so you know well he was active in organizing the Republican Party uh like uh well um you know so well okay in the state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break of I mean so well so so I mean so like um 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a well you know I mean I mean I mean um like well well role as a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS you know uh well uh um um you know okay like TV then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then um well okay like well okay um I mean you know moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon you know um well I mean I mean uh well so um without T - mat, those responsible for you know so um I mean okay uh um um uh the system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been um you know like uh okay so um I mean okay privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 to 2012 I mean okay so okay so uh well well uh and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, like I mean like uh okay I mean I mean uh um composed of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, well uh okay um you know I mean you know um like organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is you know like um I mean uh you know well uh uh a part of Palm Beach County School District, and um like uh you know um like okay you know um the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, uh I mean well okay uh you know so uh uh and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) you know I mean um like so um well uh I mean and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 you know okay so so um you know okay so um F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case discussing the okay you know so um so so you know I mean I mean impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' well okay uh um okay I mean well okay well (lime), causing them to continue running in Abe's okay like like so well I mean um I mean I mean direction and they will only calm down when well you know I mean like you know I mean well so okay slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of well you know well like well uh um like okay the race of creatures responsible for creating uh like well you know uh you know I mean I mean well the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor uh I mean uh you know you know so I mean so you know and 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 - litre uh uh like so so like you know you know I mean injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed like you know um I mean uh uh uh like uh from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes cited you know I mean so like so well like um so as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', is well okay um well okay well um um I mean the first single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded so uh like uh like so you know like like in a ditch close to the Leicestershire village okay um um uh I mean like I mean you know you know of Twycross: a distance of from where she had um uh so like I mean uh so well you know been abducted, and just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club Nottingham uh well you know uh you know so like like okay Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, and the you know I mean so um you know well so okay you know March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, 000 for like like okay so I mean so uh I mean um local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership well you know uh well I mean you know well um like of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted you know well so so you know so you know like um of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was uh uh okay uh uh okay uh so uh found in the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, well I mean okay well you know like uh I mean okay a science and technology college, has now closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service with I mean well um okay um um you know I mean so the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are ethnic so well uh you know I mean like well so you know Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most of whom okay so uh um um okay so like so converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September like um like well um you know okay um well 12 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who you know uh you know um um you know you know you know um left him $ 5 million, and the eldest son so um I mean like like you know you know you know well of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular movements that okay I mean well okay uh well you know so well created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved uh you know like uh um uh uh you know like close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and okay like well like well I mean like okay well had advanced on time, then bunched up with the well you know okay so um um you know you know you know leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the you know so uh um uh uh you know you know um 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, okay well so uh okay um well like so were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice well okay well well so um okay uh like to renew public interest in the band; given that well well uh uh um like okay um um they're pulling out all the stops, they deserve all I mean well uh uh you know I mean you know you know so the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central okay like so I mean uh so okay so uh tower and a team led by Zelenka works to okay like um um so okay you know you know uh repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before I mean you know I mean well um um um you know okay the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or um like I mean um like okay you know okay uh finance a property, with the buyer / investor using as um okay well okay you know okay okay uh um little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South uh you know you know you know I mean um uh okay okay Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, 70 you know I mean so um um I mean um um you know receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir uh uh um so um I mean you know uh well Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where he stands uh like well uh like you know um I mean I mean accused of being a member of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 I mean um I mean um like okay okay um you know million tons, it is located in two main sites, in northern so like okay okay okay I mean um like so Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in uh um uh I mean um so like you know well Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered I mean I mean you know well I mean um well uh so direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons into uh well you know um I mean I mean okay uh so combat, although the most popular choice is a storm well um um I mean I mean I mean uh um like bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out of Frank you know um well okay so so um okay I mean Lucas High School over his inability to dissect a frog, well okay well well okay so you know I mean well and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is well I mean like well so you know well uh I mean an English football manager who was also a player, notably uh like uh uh I mean um well um so at Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee uh like like uh okay uh uh well I mean - REE - yah) is located in the central Matale District of you know well um okay um okay okay so um the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states of Bihar I mean so you know like so um you know like uh and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow Labour okay well I mean well so I mean um I mean like majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats and like so like like well you know like so like in order to remain in power, Labour formed the um well like I mean well okay so um well Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of like you know um like you know okay okay I mean okay the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, so like um okay so so okay uh okay Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to okay so uh uh so um well like well escape from Iran to the United States, where he um well uh I mean like you know so uh so currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on August 19, uh okay I mean I mean I mean you know I mean like well 2013 after the House began its second ordinary session: so - like you know so uh okay like um so you know and - so replaced Ferrer for representative at - large for okay so I mean so um okay I mean okay you know the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del Favero, you know um um like like like um so well Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through the like I mean you know you know okay okay so um okay iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The University of New uh uh um uh well uh I mean I mean like South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related well you know you know you know well you know um you know uh Tigre language, which is spoken in the lowland regions like um I mean so well I mean um uh uh of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent um I mean well uh okay um well well well Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to well you know you know you know you know okay you know you know you know become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val uh I mean well you know like um well like um d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who you know so well um okay okay you know like well plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in um you know uh like well uh you know um so Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not contain well like I mean so so like you know um you know any information about the person to whom it is assigned i well well okay well uh okay like so so. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran you know I mean like okay um well like I mean like alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza uh um so well so uh uh uh uh near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does okay like I mean um well uh okay so okay not exist anymore and is not to be confused um um I mean so like so I mean uh you know with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the you know okay well so uh I mean so so so operation and agrees with Ty to get the fuse okay I mean well well so okay okay um um Mike removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, okay so so well um like um uh you know encompasses a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical you know you know like like okay um um um so works on Jewish themes and songs of many countries but so you know uh okay like so well uh I mean specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during um I mean well I mean okay well um uh you know her 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side like okay I mean uh um I mean okay well like (much to the worry of Leo) and relish in their so uh okay okay um you know I mean okay I mean new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and demonic like well you know so um you know okay well I mean priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce like I mean okay well so like okay so well with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS well uh uh I mean so okay you know um I mean disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor you know uh you know uh you know I mean well okay um of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) uh so uh like well okay okay like you know around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart okay like um uh um you know you know okay like Mullins, a one - night stand; she is uh so you know I mean okay so well um well brought up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the uh um I mean so you know I mean so like I mean Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good uh okay you know uh um okay I mean okay I mean nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the okay okay you know okay so like like okay so North African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying okay you know well I mean I mean you know well so I mean Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb making I mean like I mean okay like well I mean well well material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri okay like well like uh like I mean well I mean Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, like you know um okay so well um so um the third son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, okay like like um uh I mean so uh well whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager you know like well you know uh like um like so for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects for you know you know you know um so like like you know so which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - well I mean well uh um I mean okay okay you know blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro you know like you know okay I mean okay um you know um Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football Hall so okay I mean well so so okay uh like of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original okay um okay you know I mean um um you know okay material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and I mean okay well um um uh so like um in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's you know so I mean like I mean I mean so I mean well Gate, is the first town one reaches on the Caribbean island um I mean um uh you know you know uh like um of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in their second okay um uh well um so like well well - innings, setting the Minor Counties a target of 362, okay you know well okay so so I mean um you know the Minor Counties could only manage to so okay um like like well um like I mean make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an like you know you know okay so I mean like I mean you know actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared like like um um uh you know like so you know on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left well you know I mean so okay okay I mean so I mean his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they well okay okay you know you know well so you know well believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution uh you know so um so like so okay so had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge like I mean okay um so so so uh uh in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from you know so um well um um uh like um December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from so well so like like so you know like okay 30 to 40 days and the litter size can vary I mean you know so you know okay um you know like uh between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and well so like okay okay I mean well well um the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, so okay well well well well um well I mean automated guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, well okay so um like well like well um released in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with like you know okay you know okay like so you know you know a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated so like so uh uh like so I mean you know version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works are I mean well well um so you know like uh um similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, okay so well I mean well well I mean uh so Louisiana, the grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported so like so I mean like like so you know um that 20 COPE MPs had defected to other parties due I mean um um so um you know uh uh you know to internal conflict, including the only COPE member you know um okay well like um like I mean uh in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, uh I mean I mean uh um well like um okay Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the okay uh like like you know well okay I mean um band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had um like uh like okay so well so well been preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly you know okay like like okay okay you know so so weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, you know so um okay like well uh uh uh is a statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated uh I mean like well um you know so okay so by Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical you know like you know I mean I mean like okay okay well aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and you know uh uh well so so like um well economic factors contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking I mean I mean well so uh you know you know um well a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing uh so um well like uh um so I mean is jumping into action through a window, showing a you know like you know okay okay like well uh well woman is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda like like well I mean uh um so so well Ascendant was the only known surviving XMC cruiser well um I mean so like I mean um so um though a large number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against uh so well like um well uh I mean well Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major okay you know okay so so I mean uh okay uh figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian allows you know um uh like uh you know you know so I mean Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such you know I mean well so well um you know I mean um as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer so I mean well like um I mean so okay so who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing like well well okay so um okay okay you know at representative level for England, and at club like so so you know like I mean well uh okay level for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that so so uh like I mean like so so um was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for the army well like so okay okay like well well uh approaching despite rain in the north, the family longs like um okay like okay okay I mean okay okay to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total um like like uh uh I mean um so like of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will uh I mean um like like I mean I mean so so be released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences like I mean I mean uh like like so okay like might not change as her sentence does not start until okay um I mean well uh well I mean um um her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, um I mean um so like like uh uh so as the Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms so so like so like well I mean uh um -- when indeed we do have it -- is uh I mean so you know like well well um um of a higher order than knowledge of like okay like okay so okay um um I mean the mere physical world, and leads in particular like I mean uh like I mean okay uh um well to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of I mean uh you know I mean um uh well well well the Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi Kato, uh um I mean uh like so okay like you know the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new cathedral well I mean well you know you know uh uh so uh started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor you know like okay um okay okay okay uh uh district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph so um okay so um like so okay um B. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after I mean so well I mean okay well I mean you know uh achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical um um so like well okay well uh um Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up uh so like uh you know I mean so I mean I mean a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr. U um like you know uh you know um you know uh you know. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here carring uh I mean well I mean okay um so you know um out researches in ancient history. His historical work on so well you know okay um I mean um okay okay salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property um uh well uh I mean um uh uh you know presentation or property styling, the techniques have been televised by well I mean I mean you know I mean okay okay uh you know home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college okay well uh I mean like okay you know okay like campus are on the National Register of Historic Places and are okay so I mean so well well well uh okay maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering um like okay so I mean um uh so uh ( Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), uh I mean okay um so uh um so you know builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - like I mean uh uh so so um um like 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, Australia, located so so uh uh okay well you know uh so approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya like uh so like um so um so I mean. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was like so like I mean so uh you know um you know the second - highest - selling album of that you know well um like well so well I mean like year, and their biggest chart hit since 'For Those About so you know well you know so okay uh you know so to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route um uh well um okay so you know you know uh Army active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of the I mean so I mean like um well um you know I mean Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive okay well I mean you know like uh okay um I mean wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, um so like you know you know like like well I mean allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, um uh you know I mean okay like uh well well Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and I mean okay I mean uh um uh so uh so is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher in so I mean uh well so I mean um okay well NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at the so okay um you know uh like well like uh Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before like you know well I mean you know I mean you know uh um relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue uh uh um I mean you know so well okay like her career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was you know um like uh you know okay okay okay I mean appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan I mean so I mean so you know like well I mean you know Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this game, um like uh uh like okay I mean so I mean and with the scores 1 - 0 he wrongly so so okay like well so you know you know um sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were you know um like um uh okay you know um um enrolled in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure will so um so so well you know I mean okay okay be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until uh you know so okay so well so you know okay the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long landing field like so um well I mean like well like um and an apron with a capacity of seven aircraft, so I mean like I mean like I mean uh like so and, although the runway is long enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' like okay okay so uh uh well um um gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where okay um okay you know um um okay well like he develops a crush on Garnet before he was turned um uh so so I mean well um um like down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where I mean I mean like so you know I mean so I mean I mean he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner um you know like you know um you know like like um Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and his I mean well like um so well I mean okay so family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the well so so um so I mean um like okay operating system for malloc and other software with its so okay um I mean so I mean okay uh um own versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian I mean so you know um so you know I mean I mean so and Canadian computer scientist, a professor of computer you know you know okay okay um like okay I mean you know science at the University of Waterloo, Canada, where she like okay I mean so I mean I mean well so okay moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues like okay uh you know um okay so uh I mean of Argentine football in 2000, he played for four I mean well so uh I mean um so um like different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the you know you know um you know like so like I mean like group of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the like um so I mean you know you know like okay like class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at two I mean uh uh well I mean so okay like uh ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the well like I mean so well you know you know I mean you know MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to you know you know like well so I mean uh like you know be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after I mean okay you know well um you know like like I mean being diagnosed with a serious fault with a heart well so okay okay well well like well um valve, which cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and um you know I mean so I mean so so okay you know there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog uh so um um like I mean uh you know like - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 like okay I mean so okay like um like I mean locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, so I mean okay okay like uh so uh you know and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable okay uh so um you know like so I mean like of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and so uh so well so well uh um so hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an you know uh so you know you know well um you know you know American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' like uh okay well you know so okay like I mean was made, but the only member of the band well uh I mean well um so you know okay I mean featured was Amos since by then, unable to you know well you know okay you know so so um uh withstand pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made with well like uh um like uh uh so okay their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who okay I mean like um I mean um well okay uh has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn like uh well well you know well um like well 13 - 8 in which the final was now played well okay well well okay so uh like um in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 so uh um um I mean well okay like you know Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held so I mean well well like okay um okay well at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition you know I mean I mean so like okay you know so uh to free the captives, which resulted in the Battle of um I mean okay I mean um uh um I mean so Magdala, during which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself I mean uh um so well I mean you know uh so with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the uh so well so um uh okay uh well Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, so uh you know I mean well okay you know well uh leaders and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) like okay I mean like okay I mean I mean you know uh (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier okay so like you know um you know you know you know so government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful like well okay I mean okay uh I mean well like LMP students to earn an M. B. , B. S you know um uh well uh well so okay okay. Degree. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within the squad okay you know uh well so so okay uh so and soon receive a call - up to the Chinese under okay um you know so um like I mean well well - 20 team's squad in July 2008 and like okay um you know so well um okay so start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24 you know uh like I mean so okay you know so so. 1 In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland well you know uh um like so well okay uh moved on to an NFL coaching career, um okay like um um like I mean I mean so beginning his coaching career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came uh so so well so you know so I mean so to live in the New World where they intermarried with okay like like okay uh like uh um like the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show like uh well um um well so uh well at Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, like like I mean well um I mean I mean uh I mean he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of so I mean I mean um well like you know I mean well horizontal layers, but the strata has been tilted okay um you know well uh like uh okay well associated with the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia um I mean like um okay so like well you know of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only goes so uh so so I mean so okay um uh to the fair, but later on that night kisses uh I mean well like you know I mean well uh I mean and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first settled okay okay um well like you know uh uh like when the train station was settled around and named after um um well like well uh like I mean well Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento like uh well you know so you know um you know uh (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' okay um I mean so so well you know okay like It is a good day to die ') is so uh so so uh well uh so um illustrated with a story explaining that' This is an extremely okay uh well like so uh I mean like so common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used to be okay so um um so I mean you know um like a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from the University so you know you know uh I mean well uh like like of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which so well I mean well okay you know like you know well David was born and holds a deed is now home okay okay okay well I mean uh I mean well like to a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily like like I mean okay like well well um so African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide well I mean uh you know um I mean you know uh well a course of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including well okay you know okay so so you know um uh USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank you know um you know uh okay like so okay um for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's out uh like uh uh well you know so well okay to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers like you know like you know like I mean so like okay a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front um like I mean uh well like like uh I mean of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born uh um like so okay so you know well well 24 October 1974 in London), is the only son of okay I mean you know okay so I mean okay okay I mean Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated I mean uh so okay so like uh uh uh pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects I mean uh uh you know um okay well okay uh the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc well well so okay uh uh like you know well. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 uh well so um like okay okay I mean so real estate offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 you know like I mean uh um you know uh I mean I mean Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in you know um okay like um okay like well you know the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at an um like like uh um so um I mean well intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, um so you know uh so uh okay well um which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet like okay okay so uh well you know so like in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there well I mean like okay you know okay uh uh um is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy uh I mean well okay you know like I mean you know uh of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom you know I mean like well like uh um like you know Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels okay uh well you know I mean I mean so well I mean & Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a I mean I mean you know like um okay well I mean um newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing okay uh um so okay okay I mean you know you know this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of okay well like like okay okay like well okay the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from American uh so I mean um so you know um okay like University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she received so um you know you know like you know okay you know you know her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University I mean well so okay um like you know uh uh of Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of like like um well um I mean well like okay Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France um um you know okay you know well well uh uh for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of okay like okay well you know um uh well so director David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his uh uh like you know so uh um okay uh 2014 thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned well you know you know like I mean like okay uh so - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in so so okay you know like um okay like well the factory for 15 years, yet in I mean so um like you know okay well uh you know the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de Jong and um I mean okay you know uh well uh you know so his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline well you know I mean okay you know I mean um well I mean on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect Thomas Fuller, um like you know okay you know I mean okay you know I mean who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and okay I mean um um like uh um so like then Canada where he would go on to design the Langevin um well you know okay you know um well you know you know Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at his performance I mean okay I mean okay like uh uh okay okay media company Socialist were being approached by small business so you know so um I mean I mean like so so community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand uh um I mean well uh I mean uh so okay with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic milkshake uh well you know okay okay um okay I mean um machines which freeze and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting I mean I mean you know okay you know uh you know you know uh of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American um you know well well well well okay you know okay football coach and former player who is the offensive line okay okay you know well so um um well uh coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 in assists uh so I mean you know like like like you know so in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 um uh um I mean um I mean so well I mean July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is um uh like you know okay you know so I mean uh a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently so okay um well you know so I mean you know okay plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city of okay you know so okay uh uh like okay okay Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, including Croxteth, okay okay so okay well so uh well like Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is uh like okay so um you know I mean um so currently a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent uh like um okay uh like well I mean like field test agency of the Air Force Special um uh well you know like you know like like you know Operations Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in Scotland by well like well uh so okay uh um um only half a mile, the distillery has one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer uh well you know uh um well like well like / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park had so okay okay um um so so well okay some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, okay um like okay so well well okay so studied anthropology at the University of Iowa where uh I mean uh uh well so you know uh so he attended on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British so you know like uh well okay uh like I mean Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, like so I mean I mean I mean okay I mean I mean uh two aligned along an east - westerly axis and uh um okay like like like um like you know the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on you know you know I mean you know so okay well um you know national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic relationship I mean so okay you know I mean so uh you know so in the past, but he did want I mean okay okay um um um I mean so so to marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and well so well okay okay you know so like you know used as a substitute for Composition B in large uh so well I mean you know I mean uh like well general purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, you know okay um like you know so like uh um though this name has fallen out of favour, and um like like you know um you know okay okay so some biologists feared that this would be like okay I mean like um so uh okay okay offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, okay like like I mean okay um I mean well like a gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called like okay well well uh like uh so so 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south you know like uh uh um uh like like like of Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang okay you know like um um like you know so like Phu were unable to return to Base Four uh uh well you know well okay so so um before dark and were forced to spend the night in okay like uh like well I mean like like like a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for well like like um well well you know I mean uh troops among loyal lords, and managed to get well um I mean well okay um I mean um well 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the you know so you know I mean I mean like so well well Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center uh um well I mean um so um you know um for the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam like I mean okay like well like you know well you know majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but like uh you know uh you know so you know uh you know after crowned All - American Superior and Miss you know you know um okay um so I mean you know uh Wright State of OHIO out of high school, she so okay um okay well well so so okay achieved a scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song like um you know you know so um well you know uh by Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single released so like well uh um you know you know like well to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and its special defense uh well you know like um uh uh you know um is above - average, making this a good Normal - type well like like uh um uh okay um okay Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his um I mean okay so well so you know so um faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial well I mean so like um um uh well so presidential nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he well so well like uh okay uh um um was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another paper uh um so well like I mean uh I mean okay on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't so so I mean okay uh I mean like um okay Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; uh okay so okay like you know well so so but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension you know well so you know so so well uh I mean round, which was judged a split draw with scores of 10 uh I mean uh you know um so I mean I mean uh - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he I mean well okay you know uh I mean so so like and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist you know I mean um well uh um um well like and author Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they um okay I mean so well um you know um um settled in a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where um um okay like okay I mean okay well so lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back so you know well I mean you know well well okay so many hundreds of years it was greatly transformed in the I mean like okay like okay so so uh I mean 19th century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park I mean so you know so I mean uh okay uh um at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb well you know well you know like uh so okay well and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as the section so you know so you know I mean uh well um you know is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, you know well um you know okay I mean uh you know like performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during you know okay I mean well well you know uh okay uh which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before I mean okay like you know um so okay like like the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to modify you know well okay so uh uh uh I mean I mean the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the 2006 uh well so um you know well like well well festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census um okay like you know I mean so so um like and was drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered so so uh okay you know um like I mean so Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J. Mockridge; um uh well well well you know okay you know I mean but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon and well like uh um like I mean so I mean like Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics start okay I mean like I mean um I mean so so I mean - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' okay I mean uh like so well so like uh ) is a 2012 American horror film written and directed so like so uh um uh you know so um by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from like I mean uh okay um uh you know you know so critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was like okay uh you know I mean okay well well like viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became well um okay like you know you know uh you know um the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as I mean I mean like I mean uh well I mean um like officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G okay well uh I mean I mean you know well uh like. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had uh so well so I mean I mean so um um elevators with a cut - out for rudder movement um um okay okay well well uh you know I mean and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels well you know uh I mean well um you know like okay on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor um okay I mean so you know um okay okay I mean Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a um you know well I mean okay like like I mean well species of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as I mean okay I mean like well okay I mean like um the factory was turned over to produce well uh so I mean okay well well like um munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there were no uh so okay like well uh like I mean well suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in um I mean well well I mean well you know well you know Badrinath and kept a very low profile and, after uh I mean I mean well like okay so well like many years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena like um well you know I mean you know like well okay and got very close to Bal Thackeray who I mean okay I mean um you know like um uh uh appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the um so okay um like well okay uh uh traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically well okay well like so so so well so speaking they are essentially the same: each noun I mean you know I mean you know okay I mean um so well (or adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter I mean I mean I mean okay uh like like uh you know Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) was well you know I mean um so um okay uh you know the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public amusement, okay uh you know so you know you know so well so doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta Lucca and I mean well so I mean I mean uh well well well Ric Moore, the core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, well well you know you know so well okay well you know which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews with um I mean well like like you know okay so so experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide so you know I mean okay uh well um well well - scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk well uh like uh um well you know you know well when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that Phil I mean you know I mean like well so so like you know did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and well uh well well I mean uh well so well Jay believes he will also be implicated, which he is, like like I mean I mean you know uh um uh um as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports you know uh well so so well I mean okay um were recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, um uh so okay I mean I mean you know so I mean a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the okay uh I mean so well I mean well so well Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species so um so I mean well okay well so so of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist um I mean well okay so okay so like like Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Biosphere so like like like you know um well like well Reserve is the administrative head of the park at well okay I mean uh you know so well okay okay the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or going um so I mean you know like you know okay well well overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence okay um um uh um well like I mean uh on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by well I mean so I mean uh I mean uh I mean I mean this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in uh well you know I mean like uh uh so I mean New York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw as I mean so you know I mean so okay okay like well too theoretical and he was generally on bad terms with uh um you know um so well well um you know Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half so um uh uh well you know I mean you know uh of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) became flustered so I mean well um uh so I mean I mean I mean when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the you know um uh like like so you know okay so stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do not I mean like well you know you know like um uh I mean take account of factors such as soil structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved ready you know like like I mean okay um uh you know well to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams like Anderlecht and uh so so well okay like um like you know Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have well uh so like I mean well uh so you know as much as one - third of the floor okay well uh okay well you know like well I mean space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles um like you know uh you know well I mean well I mean as an avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his well well okay you know you know uh like you know so coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a you know you know you know you know you know uh um uh I mean German basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and so uh um so okay so well like well new Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction uh uh you know okay uh okay you know so um on the type while serving as the co-pilot during operational so um well I mean okay okay I mean I mean um tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the okay like okay like I mean well okay well okay cemetery, but a grander destination was planned for the deceased like um um uh you know so um well I mean chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second like you know like so okay um well so you know season at Everton where he was regularly used as back so you know okay so so so like um uh up for new signing James Beattie in January 2006, it I mean you know okay okay okay I mean you know so um was announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in uh you know so well you know you know so I mean um the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role in like well uh I mean okay uh you know well uh the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper um okay um like I mean I mean like uh okay Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in so well uh I mean uh well okay like like Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive okay you know I mean uh so okay like you know you know Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on well uh like okay well I mean uh um um the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when uh okay um uh like I mean uh you know like he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to I mean like I mean so well well um so like instantly jump to that location; however, the mini-map does not um so you know uh okay well um um so initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna like okay um well um you know like so um Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared with the so okay uh well so um okay so uh 1973 versions due to the newly required 5 - mph absorbing okay I mean I mean uh you know I mean you know okay okay front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve okay okay you know so um uh so uh like realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that a majority so well so um um so so like okay of the population, who arguably subscribe to naïve like okay like um I mean like okay I mean you know common sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the like like I mean um well well um okay well best hand against the last player, but gets rivered and like okay I mean I mean okay like okay um I mean falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and okay like okay okay you know um um I mean um Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian Objectivist I mean you know uh you know I mean like well you know like intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs I mean I mean you know you know um okay well so um used by Native Siberians at the time; the breed you know I mean well um you know so like you know so came to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec okay um okay okay you know um well I mean okay and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 okay you know well you know you know uh um well okay leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, um I mean like like okay like okay okay so the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', I mean well okay well like you know uh um you know departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader you know like I mean I mean well well uh so you know learns that Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to well uh well okay well um uh you know I mean turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS um I mean okay like so okay okay uh uh the single was named the most played song on Christian radio well I mean well okay um so well like I mean across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated uh so um like okay um well okay like from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is I mean uh so well like um I mean um okay an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm um uh you know you know well okay uh um um & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an extra um um I mean um you know I mean uh you know I mean one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, that um um um well I mean I mean okay so I mean Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number well uh like like okay um like well you know one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later so like well well well so I mean okay you know gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the okay I mean uh you know um uh okay so I mean Saints compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being like um you know okay you know you know well okay I mean the first to adopt the council - manager form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the um um so like okay so um uh um Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League (CHL), you know well well so you know so like you know uh and was recognized for his on and off - ice so you know um uh you know so so I mean okay performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer I mean uh so um um um so well so standard and like its sister specification (DVB - H) I mean you know you know uh like um I mean okay so uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 physicians I mean I mean well you know uh okay like well well complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city is like you know okay well you know I mean I mean uh I mean $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship you know you know so so um like you know okay you know based on cooperation on many issues in international forums, uh uh well uh uh I mean so well like a strong commitment to global security, and people - um like um so um uh like so well to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in okay uh well like okay well uh so you know the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run like um uh like like you know well so like by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form Centre, I mean uh you know okay like you know you know like okay and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was secretary well uh well I mean okay okay okay okay uh of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, uh um so like well uh so uh uh and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by splitting off um like you know like so um uh well so Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further in I mean uh okay so okay like well okay uh size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets um you know uh like I mean like well well you know under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for like so well like I mean uh okay like I mean the original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, you know so so okay like um okay so um struggling to get out of the situation she is trapped in, um um I mean okay like I mean well okay you know noting that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from uh well well I mean so um uh um you know the Turks during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, uh okay I mean um um you know well you know like when it was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and it you know like I mean uh you know um okay I mean uh now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV uh you know uh um so so okay um uh starting in 1957, which later moved its city of license so you know well um well I mean like okay well and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and one eighth you know you know um okay uh like um uh you know and finished second again, this time to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became okay well well uh you know um I mean okay well Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the I mean um uh um I mean uh um okay I mean 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the so well I mean you know um I mean well um uh Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot travelled you know you know well so so you know so you know so along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN well well well you know so okay well you know so center in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call um so you know uh you know I mean I mean I mean well for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea so well like you know I mean you know well um um Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is well uh I mean okay um like okay well I mean a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active between uh uh well you know like so you know I mean uh 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints rolled you know like you know I mean you know uh well okay well in one minute is actually a 15 year I mean I mean you know well you know okay well okay like old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled like well uh I mean well like like well well a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of um like um so um okay well well okay the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though okay like so I mean uh so you know I mean you know a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial like well uh okay so uh so like okay Workers of the World miners' strike which led to uh so well like uh um you know well um over 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes I mean you know okay okay well um um so well and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he gets the courage uh uh okay well so so you know uh um to ask if he can see her again like so so okay um okay okay uh uh and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed uh uh I mean well okay well okay you know well Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air pollution you know well you know um well so uh so I mean until she left the school in 1977, becoming uh um you know like uh you know um I mean so more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well so uh so I mean you know so I mean um I mean as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on well like uh like um um I mean um like the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which well uh you know you know so well um um um starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in The uh uh you know like so I mean um well like Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog so you know you know okay well like like so um Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy and I mean uh well you know well you know uh I mean well Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 like you know so like you know uh uh like um they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great uh so uh okay well um well so so War, August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and well uh so like so I mean I mean uh well started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became so so you know you know so uh well uh well Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except okay um okay okay okay well okay I mean um in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines um so so I mean okay so you know I mean um sailed for the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert like okay well you know um I mean so you know uh Shield / Desert Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and farmer, well I mean um like so okay so uh uh was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I well so okay you know uh like okay I mean like lands reserved for Natives under the terms of the Crown um so so I mean you know um like you know you know - in - right - of - Quebec, hunting, you know like okay well like well well I mean well fishing and trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to um uh uh okay okay uh you know I mean so an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control well so so like I mean well okay well you know all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal Company, which uh so okay well so well so well like allowed Heseltine to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport I mean I mean you know well okay okay I mean so I mean or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport serving I mean like I mean you know you know uh well well uh Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a defunct airport, okay um well well like uh okay you know I mean which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo okay I mean like you know well uh so well okay - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are of like uh you know okay I mean you know well you know okay Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required well um you know um well uh um um um as a Weatherman, did put a bit of a you know I mean well I mean you know like like so like strain on her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry you know okay I mean I mean so okay like like you know Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part okay uh um uh you know uh I mean okay uh of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth well like so uh like I mean I mean um you know Preston and is based in the village of Pinkney near well I mean you know well uh I mean okay I mean okay Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast I mean well um you know okay you know uh uh you know in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast like so like uh uh you know well you know um in January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted uh you know um um like uh uh so you know by A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer - um you know well um uh um uh okay like shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are uh you know okay so well so uh you know okay down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets you know um you know like so I mean you know um well out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in I mean um like I mean well I mean okay I mean like 1887, and while some believed he used it to uh um so well okay uh um you know like pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from the well okay um okay okay okay well I mean so Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is um uh like you know um so well okay well best known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area you know okay like okay well okay uh uh I mean across the international border in the United States, and therefore I mean um like like like okay well well I mean is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media I mean like okay so like well okay uh okay in 1986 when he created a new society to invite um okay well well um like well um um the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International um um so uh okay uh well well um Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or you know I mean uh uh I mean uh well uh um right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and I mean um well I mean I mean well you know uh you know early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and I mean like um um so uh well I mean you know electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, like like um you know uh like okay I mean I mean having regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - uh uh I mean well so you know um you know you know Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community uh um well like uh you know okay uh like development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train well you know uh so like okay well okay uh workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help like uh like well uh you know uh I mean I mean detect and assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, although um okay well like um um uh like well on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to um like like I mean like uh I mean well um Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the okay um okay uh you know okay uh you know okay meeting place for young artists but by the end like you know you know I mean uh well uh like uh of the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited so like okay uh uh so uh you know uh States and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the so like so so you know well okay okay so westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon okay um well um um okay like you know uh an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of so you know okay so I mean okay like well I mean India in 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment like well I mean I mean uh uh well um like and frustrated with his supporting role, Narayan moved well okay okay like well well I mean um you know to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, uh okay well I mean okay you know uh I mean like however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy uh well you know okay like um well you know uh to a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and I mean well um okay uh um so uh you know after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is um okay like um well um so like well an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to you know well so uh uh so like like um reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was you know you know like you know uh I mean um like uh released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as she learns like well you know I mean um I mean so like I mean to cope with a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the well like I mean I mean well you know like I mean okay otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- you know I mean like um okay um well you know um an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not well okay uh uh you know I mean so like well cashew fruits) may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and I mean so uh okay okay uh you know so I mean in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to okay okay well um well so okay you know okay the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle um I mean like like okay you know so well like storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in order so uh you know you know you know well uh so like to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets which, you know okay so okay uh like um so you know along with the 2 extra passing loops, will double the number so well like um I mean you know um well um of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint like um okay you know okay um okay uh you know Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 and was I mean you know like um um well okay I mean you know entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish um uh so like uh okay I mean okay um their forests, large demands for paper lead to large forests, I mean well um so like I mean um so you know while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners okay you know you know well I mean uh I mean well you know that continued to work in the American Canyon, you know uh okay um uh well okay um you know but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the okay uh um well I mean um like well well plane of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of her own plane well okay so I mean I mean well like okay uh to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and so you know like um so like you know so um were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 so um so so you know you know you know okay I mean April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the second son I mean uh I mean I mean well um like so I mean of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim you know um uh um well um I mean like okay Tracks were recorded at Channel One and played by The like okay I mean you know like so like well you know Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 you know uh you know I mean okay um so so um - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with at you know um uh like okay so okay um like least a B grade, and maintain a minimum 3 you know like you know so uh you know you know okay okay. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, okay um uh um you know so um well okay Cuba) is a Cuban - American actress best known for um okay you know uh I mean you know okay well uh her portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 um well so well well okay um um like people and there was widespread sadness at his death; he well so uh okay uh okay you know I mean like was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a um you know um well okay so so uh uh rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently like uh okay okay you know uh well um okay to market; this not only brought about transfer of uh you know um okay uh um like uh okay the transportation from other routes to the canal, like well I mean okay okay um okay so you know but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented the um well I mean so okay you know like you know um Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 families in Ghatkopar, like you know like like so I mean like so okay covering people, having a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to um well okay uh you know you know well I mean um Whitesboro, Texas, he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, so uh like uh uh uh uh I mean uh where he supported himself by working a variety of odd jobs um like like well you know uh um like okay before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is okay uh you know you know okay you know um well like the son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large uh so you know so like so um um I mean areas either side for storing luggage they were a uh I mean well uh uh well so I mean you know very versatile type of coach and could be found all uh I mean so uh so so like so well over the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates like I mean you know okay um I mean okay well so him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich from well you know I mean well you know okay okay uh uh the 1970s and early 1980s of the same you know okay you know like uh okay so like um name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the you know you know like like well okay you know I mean well British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson well I mean um like so um um you know uh City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming okay so like well you know okay um like um the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse like so uh okay I mean okay well um um meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was so okay you know so I mean well you know okay um a paper - and - pencil test; since January 27, okay um so well well so uh okay I mean 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties but um so like okay so um like uh so since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between okay um well uh you know okay okay well you know Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United um so you know um well I mean so like uh States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter I mean um I mean uh okay um well okay I mean was the most famous, after being fired from the Our well I mean okay I mean like like okay uh well Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic City N. J so okay well I mean you know okay okay um you know. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance um um you know uh I mean you know you know well you know Unit RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks uh I mean I mean okay um you know I mean well you know and went on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, you know so so so you know so so okay you know together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New Jersey) okay okay okay you know you know like well I mean so is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified you know so so um okay well you know okay you know as a machine gun by the United States so you know uh well so okay so um okay and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long been I mean I mean I mean like well um you know like uh an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and okay I mean like okay uh uh so you know so an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and like well okay I mean um like um I mean you know the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type you know like I mean I mean like like um you know so known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) well well I mean you know okay like uh okay like and that there were no defects with well you know so uh you know so I mean I mean um the aircraft or its systems which contributed to the crash, well like like like well you know okay um okay for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin you know you know um okay well I mean okay so okay mahfili' in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar the well um um well I mean you know um um well famous elder and businesman, he was born in Hargaisa uh uh you know um like um so so I mean in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers are Raqiya um well so so like like um I mean well Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE I mean I mean um like uh okay I mean you know you know under the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held okay well like well I mean so okay uh okay the NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun I mean okay like like I mean like uh well um professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang you know like you know okay so you know um um like International Airport was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 uh well um I mean well well well so okay for her work as Editor - in - Chief so so so okay okay um well okay like on 'Strange Horizons', and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League I mean well okay like um so well well so in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) I mean uh so you know okay you know um like you know was a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, so like so like so um like um so and politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of uh like so uh you know so okay you know so North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March 5, 1982 uh uh um um you know okay you know uh uh ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, best known you know um I mean okay like uh you know well okay as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA and you know so so well okay uh so I mean okay PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 respectively, like so so like so so well well well returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida I mean uh you know well you know like you know I mean uh and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in um uh you know um I mean uh uh I mean uh the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race I mean I mean uh I mean uh well so you know I mean in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present okay uh so you know like you know you know uh okay - day town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September well um uh so I mean you know so well so 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions to uh so so uh um you know okay like like open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and so you know so I mean so you know um like okay was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on I mean like like I mean uh you know like uh uh the lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the um like like so you know you know I mean okay well Ohio River flood of 1937, as research had shown that okay you know okay like you know okay well I mean so 4 % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she I mean um like I mean I mean like like okay like was too embarrassed to be seen with him, and uh okay you know um uh you know like like you know this incident went on to mar his first day at like like I mean um uh well okay you know I mean the school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created by okay I mean you know so uh uh like you know okay Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism um you know okay okay well um you know I mean um as they spend public money this is why democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and okay like like so um well uh I mean so grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas well well uh you know you know okay well I mean I mean A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four machine you know you know like I mean so um um like you know guns in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development um like like uh I mean uh uh you know I mean Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became one of uh okay like you know uh like uh um so the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously I mean you know I mean okay like okay okay like uh they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B. A like so uh I mean like like you know okay so. From Boston College, started working as a bond okay okay I mean okay okay so you know like I mean trader at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, like uh uh uh like you know uh um okay but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval well okay like like you know like uh okay you know bridges and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, destroying well um I mean okay um uh so uh um any White Whale members that were near, and to like um so so you know so um you know uh form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was um uh okay so okay uh okay you know okay an American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , I mean um well I mean um well okay like um and educated at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door I mean so okay um you know um so well um and no cold steel up a driver's leg but the okay you know well well you know I mean um like okay petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler well you know well you know okay well okay I mean well was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an article well okay I mean you know well so um uh well because it spoils the plot if that would interfere with, encyclopedic uh you know so you know well well like well like tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner uh okay well you know so um like uh like than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and convictions like uh well okay like well uh okay okay and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult I mean um I mean you know like well well uh you know Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit I mean um so um okay so um so you know in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins and a you know so uh I mean I mean um so uh like photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most Outstanding uh okay okay uh like um well uh so Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in San um um you know well um okay um like like Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in so so you know so okay like like uh so 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock uh so I mean uh you know I mean you know I mean so Rock' and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & okay like uh okay um I mean like okay so Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple on a road trip I mean I mean well uh so uh uh uh uh in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to so you know okay I mean so so you know okay like - day tasks in the house, and be a you know you know you know um okay okay like like like 24 hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands so um um um like I mean you know um okay her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and the you know I mean I mean like so uh like so well police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) is so uh well so okay okay um so like an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed like like so um um like okay okay uh the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, surveyor Washington you know okay so okay uh like um uh um County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure like you know so you know okay uh well okay like set into the hill, with a frame board and batten like like um like okay okay so well uh - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a so uh so okay okay like so uh uh user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew from Mexico so so well well uh you know well okay uh in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to I mean you know I mean so you know okay um so so a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and you know like you know uh um like I mean so you know prisoners are free to leave through the one available exit so so um I mean so uh I mean okay uh - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was okay you know like I mean um like okay well uh 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an I mean I mean you know okay uh like uh so well half years later I got a toshiba satellite you know okay um you know well uh uh okay uh laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, but so well you know uh um like so I mean you know in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, you know you know uh like you know you know so okay um a post he has held since 1984, and was chairman of the okay so um you know uh well you know so you know board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with well like like I mean um I mean so okay um writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu and you know like okay well uh okay like well so daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later uh um uh you know um uh um okay well Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and okay like um okay um you know okay uh I mean Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to well like I mean uh so well like uh like a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee so like I mean okay uh uh um okay like River, which would eventually be linked to the Georgia um so okay uh so okay I mean well I mean Railroad from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books okay okay I mean I mean okay you know um so okay published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was uh okay I mean well well uh like well you know a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for I mean so so um well well um you know so Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the most popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate like okay okay you know like okay uh um you know School of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films uh uh well like well you know so uh um in some theaters, and they can be used to so so you know you know so you know like so I mean present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in I mean you know you know well so you know um like so Finnish as purely an issue of syllable structure is you know I mean uh like like okay well you know I mean that the language has undergone various phonetic changes due like you know okay well I mean well like uh I mean to which not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region well um um so so you know so okay I mean of DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department of you know so I mean well like well like um um Health, Flavier went to serve village folk you know I mean so you know so so uh um okay in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the um um so you know okay you know so um like engineer Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought I mean so um so so so I mean well I mean for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do well so okay so so so well I mean like not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated I mean well um so okay like well so I mean to St Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in like I mean um well so okay okay I mean so Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally well well well like um so uh well well mirroring her most well - known role - although they also okay uh okay um I mean I mean so like so speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its stories so well so uh okay like you know uh you know were partly based on real people and events, and several well I mean you know I mean like um you know you know so years passed before it was adapted from a play performed I mean well uh so you know like well I mean you know by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this okay uh well uh well um okay well like small forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC I mean okay um like so um well like uh family of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for low - uh like okay so um I mean so okay so footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol like like okay you know okay uh okay um so (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 okay I mean you know so um okay okay you know okay engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him well I mean so okay well uh I mean okay you know a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town I mean I mean um like so well so I mean okay located on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a teenager I mean I mean so um so you know well uh uh and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage well uh you know I mean okay you know well you know like centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and okay um um like um uh like you know well by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in like you know um um you know um um so so Earley, a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the uh um like um okay um I mean uh so Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong I mean you know so so you know like you know I mean you know Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation uh you know you know um so okay like you know you know with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and I mean like uh you know like so okay okay well philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's original uh okay well you know like uh uh um I mean manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat you know so okay um okay I mean okay like well from other people to the ocean, is among the most um so I mean um I mean um well well okay famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a I mean you know well like uh uh well okay you know documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe so um I mean you know well I mean like okay so hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the video like like so so like so well you know I mean game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of well like um like so you know so okay you know Owari han, he served as chamberlain during World you know so um um you know you know okay so like War II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording of well so like well so okay I mean okay like Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts um uh like uh well okay so uh um Monsignor Orelas, telling him of the burnt train containing like uh so okay like you know um um so the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of um um um I mean okay you know well I mean well Hawaii on a full football athletic scholarship, where he well well you know okay okay you know well okay like earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a flying disc, like like I mean um I mean I mean I mean I mean you know especially over long distances: its low profile can make it um you know okay well um uh well uh uh hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon um you know uh you know uh you know okay okay like Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such okay um you know I mean uh you know um I mean you know as the ability to hire two henchman at once and um okay I mean okay like like so like okay the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use um I mean uh so uh so so I mean I mean a piece of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, like like uh uh you know like like okay so and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an so so well okay like so well I mean uh offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris I mean um so well okay well I mean I mean uh kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the uh uh I mean well so well well okay you know street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a you know well okay you know so uh um well like part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's so you know so I mean um you know you know like um basketball season, took place on March 5, 2008 as okay okay okay I mean um um like well okay a single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West um like um so okay I mean well well so Point market will move to the of WTVA; uh um um um uh well okay so I mean before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky okay I mean you know um like you know you know okay like debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of um so so well well you know you know like so the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey so like so well you know uh uh so uh declared the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were you know uh uh okay I mean you know so uh I mean ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the so like okay um um okay I mean uh uh player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was well well like uh I mean like uh uh well planned to be presentation of the CD, release um um okay you know well um well well like date was deelayed up to the May, 2006, so well well okay well uh well like well because of the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently um okay okay I mean okay okay okay well um completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass guitar I mean well I mean well like I mean so um okay and session work, performing with Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything you know like well uh well well um um uh Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core so well well okay I mean uh so well I mean CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, I mean like uh you know so so I mean I mean like Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues for uh uh well uh um uh um so like the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded in okay uh okay I mean I mean okay so okay so March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard uh okay so so like well like uh um in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice was I mean um okay uh okay uh well well I mean going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted to present uh so okay okay you know um okay I mean like something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) so like well uh well I mean well well so was an American lawyer and politician who was New York so like like uh so I mean like uh so Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default so um uh um I mean uh um you know um file system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is well well okay I mean I mean so you know so like 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / okay you know okay I mean like so like I mean um Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, Action like well you know um you know uh you know I mean so Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first well okay um I mean like well uh um you know released in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again well like um well so uh uh so okay invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest so like so you know um okay so um uh. In December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was um um uh um you know so okay so okay held in 2009; it was canceled twice due to World okay I mean I mean you know well um uh uh uh War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG so uh um like uh I mean okay um okay TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, was created you know um you know um well like like like uh by merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee okay you know uh uh I mean uh you know like uh - house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was of like well um well okay like uh so like relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, I mean um uh okay like um you know you know I mean Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to well okay uh okay uh um you know so you know take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the so well you know you know so you know so like okay nation's oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named to so uh well so I mean well uh so okay the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary I mean you know like like so like okay like so in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland um you know um uh I mean so like I mean uh also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and moved like um you know okay well okay uh you know you know to Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned well uh I mean uh I mean like you know like uh to Britain and obtained a post at the Plant okay you know like you know uh um okay like well Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield you know I mean okay so you know I mean you know I mean so and forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on like um so like you know uh uh well so his album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was uh I mean you know well okay you know okay um um covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted I mean well you know you know um uh so um like to extinction within the first year and these predatory snails you know so you know you know uh well uh um like continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity you know okay uh um okay I mean well so so to spend the day drinking in the local pub. As a well I mean like so like okay okay okay you know result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is okay I mean uh like like uh you know well uh a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board so I mean so so I mean so well um so of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in okay um well you know like like uh so okay a liquid medium with and without phosphorus have uh um like okay so like I mean so uh been shown to affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true you know I mean okay well okay okay uh so you know features would last longer (this is the meaning of okay so uh uh you know like you know so okay PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and so you know I mean I mean okay you know I mean well okay since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in 1918, um well you know uh I mean I mean uh uh well the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but it was um like uh uh uh you know so so so abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, like okay I mean so um well you know so like publishing a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor ejected I mean um you know okay you know you know like uh okay by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and uh well like I mean uh uh like uh well often referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film you know uh so uh uh uh I mean like so studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, so I mean well so like I mean okay so okay 1973 in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for uh I mean uh um you know okay like okay uh his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than the um okay um so you know so so so you know titanic, so he worked with a Dallas like um um I mean like so um well well company to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in um you know well like uh you know well uh uh the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, well um you know okay you know uh uh um you know cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian you know uh you know you know okay like um like uh empire, concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs okay you know um um I mean okay you know like so of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also so so you know uh so like um like like had some roles in mainstream film and television, including um like okay uh uh okay okay well I mean guest appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming you know um um um uh okay I mean like I mean from a cruel remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making well I mean like well so well well I mean um about his recently deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor during um okay uh uh uh okay okay okay um the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of um um like you know well uh uh um so what seemed to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies as like um well okay like you know um you know okay son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, you know well okay um uh you know like uh so Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a you know well um I mean like I mean like I mean you know rail link to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River I mean uh like you know you know okay um like well at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything I mean like well so so well okay I mean so else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: so um uh like um like you know um um 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a synonym of like so okay okay well uh I mean well so 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott well okay so so well you know um okay you know Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 Unlimited um I mean so okay um okay so uh well is used as the game's main theme (for the PC version, you know okay uh well you know well uh well uh the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's well uh I mean you know well so I mean um um the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and has well I mean you know uh you know well um uh like a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV I mean okay so you know well you know you know okay uh 15) is a small Public - access television cable TV I mean well you know well I mean well so so okay station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was okay like I mean okay I mean um so okay um previously convicted of four counts of risk of injury um I mean you know like like um so okay you know to a minor, or impairing the morals of a so I mean um well so um well well so child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently well um so like like I mean I mean uh you know is single and holds intense anger towards Richard well so so I mean okay so I mean you know I mean for ruining their wedding, and also became furious to uh I mean you know I mean you know uh okay so um learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated for well well like I mean well okay like um I mean wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon like okay uh so you know so uh so uh Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long study of what you know um well uh okay so uh okay like he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting in you know well you know um like you know you know um uh the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, I mean um um like I mean like uh uh like and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, I mean okay um you know okay I mean um well well presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more integrative well so like so like uh well so okay approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands you know so uh okay like I mean okay uh you know ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area like well um so um okay okay like you know code for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by okay you know okay well uh like well like okay Ghanaian DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster well um well I mean uh well uh um um the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son like okay well um okay like okay you know well James Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first presented so I mean so so you know well like um like to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working so okay uh well so you know well like I mean on the screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; okay you know okay okay well like well uh you know 'The Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, you know well like like okay well so um okay following the death of his father earlier that year, and okay so like I mean you know um um so you know debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied like uh uh so uh so like so you know for Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a okay I mean so well you know um um I mean um new seven - year contract with MGM as a result, okay you know uh like I mean you know uh uh um but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have so well I mean so well uh well I mean I mean urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus like like okay I mean uh I mean um like I mean indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus giving I mean um so okay um well well like so Roman fathers the right to sell their own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and attended you know okay uh you know like okay you know like I mean the University of Arizona State, where she was the you know you know so um you know like you know you know well starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between well I mean um well um okay well okay like Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit okay well okay I mean I mean so you know well um for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, um okay so um so I mean uh okay well which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel and well you know um so I mean uh you know you know like was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to I mean like I mean well okay I mean um well um live with her Uncle and his two wives I mean so so you know I mean okay you know um so (New Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme on you know so um um like like uh uh uh a journey back from Asia, and had the island I mean okay okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean well Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion well like so well so uh uh I mean like of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been new um well okay uh you know well like so well browsers coming onto the scence, many of these are open well so I mean okay okay I mean okay well I mean source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or on well okay um uh like like I mean I mean okay the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located on Wentworth Drive okay you know well well like like well well uh in Bedford, England, named in honour of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to finish I mean um I mean you know um I mean okay um okay in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York you know you know um like I mean well I mean so like Athletic Club and focused on making the uh okay I mean um uh you know I mean so like Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 okay well I mean well you know okay um you know well Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier you know uh well well like um so like well that year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality uh like well like uh like um so well is reported from a bite in 1983 okay like well uh well uh um you know so when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of I mean you know um so like well you know so okay the venue was started, new side sectors with roof uh I mean like um I mean like so you know well covers were built and the media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to okay um uh I mean well I mean so I mean okay dive into the exciting and ever - changing world of IT, like so so well uh like uh so well where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which time well you know okay I mean like you know okay like uh it was discovered that in addition to his overspending, Shepherd had well uh okay okay like so um so I mean given preference to neighborhoods and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in okay I mean you know um well uh so like I mean the quarter - final match against Denmark; this meant so I mean uh okay you know um you know you know like that Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by 1911, like so uh I mean so okay well I mean okay another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and well um like um like um so like okay is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their okay I mean I mean I mean so um like um you know banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd so okay so you know you know you know you know um well. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved surprise so um okay like well I mean you know okay you know and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, the so uh like so okay so so so like enemy knew that the Americans were coming; so okay so okay you know you know uh I mean so this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American War like you know I mean well uh you know well okay okay Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers well okay like you know I mean so so so you know because their display of a flag with a blue star for a you know uh like well I mean okay so well like son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to you know well so you know uh you know you know so so use him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; okay okay um like I mean uh okay like you know after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in well so like I mean you know uh like I mean like the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's I mean I mean you know uh I mean I mean okay well so Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various like well you know like you know you know well so well senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, okay uh um you know I mean so like uh like and he is amazed by her broken spirit and whatever well uh so okay uh um you know you know um he does to torture her does not demoralise her as she okay you know so well um so I mean well so is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History um okay okay so I mean like um I mean so and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box - I mean I mean um I mean like you know so okay uh section chassis with torsion - bar suspension um uh um like well um um I mean so on all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May you know I mean I mean like like uh you know so so 1976, this variant had been specifically designed for the like well so so um okay okay so I mean dual - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the um well so so you know like I mean like uh ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, so uh like well you know you know um I mean okay one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands like I mean you know you know I mean so okay well so in the 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing um like like so I mean you know you know uh okay and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies like I mean okay okay uh okay okay I mean I mean and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a like I mean you know so I mean so um okay like cascading series of shut downs and a major regional blackout, such so you know like like well I mean um um like as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, 1977, I mean like um like like um like so uh 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of Beaujolais, well um okay um well like you know I mean like and the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that well so um so um uh um you know well were sold to either individuals or to the corporations of you know you know okay okay you know you know well uh like an entire industry, while the railroads at the time, still I mean I mean well uh so you know uh okay well had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of okay like I mean well I mean like uh okay like local preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention and okay okay like okay okay so well uh so it considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover um okay like well okay so like I mean okay Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it I mean uh so so I mean you know okay I mean I mean can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse so um okay well so um you know so um of power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting uh okay like so uh um I mean um okay in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B I mean you know so uh um uh well I mean okay. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the east coast of like so uh well like I mean like like um the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there you know so I mean okay uh uh uh well well is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual once okay like um okay um so like uh well a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones well uh so like um uh well you know you know have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an I mean uh um I mean so like um so I mean American singer - songwriter who is best known for her so so you know well um well so um you know work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the fruit you know well uh uh well like like I mean okay vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when uh so um well so I mean well I mean I mean sea levels were much lower - the analysis like um you know well I mean okay you know okay like of stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that uh I mean okay I mean I mean uh uh well like formation took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former so I mean well well okay okay uh okay uh outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Corvair like okay um so uh like so okay I mean Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her stage you know okay so uh you know I mean well you know okay name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often I mean uh so um okay I mean uh like um cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the so uh okay like um I mean you know okay well design of an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment uses um um like well you know like so like um opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated with okay um well uh like um I mean you know you know fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the fetus to swallow okay like so okay um you know you know so um (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex well you know you know I mean like okay like um uh Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational so okay I mean well okay um um like uh Bible college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated you know uh uh okay I mean okay well you know I mean by cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as well like I mean like well well well like okay one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording uh so well I mean like I mean you know okay you know contract with RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and I mean well um well I mean well okay um um 1990, they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the first uh uh I mean well I mean uh so I mean like published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a large species uh uh uh you know um well uh um I mean of South American chinchilla rats, known from remains found you know I mean you know I mean so so okay you know uh in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed acting under so uh well um um so like so like the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that the failure uh uh like you know okay okay um okay like of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, an ironic stroke of so uh well you know you know I mean well I mean so fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto uh I mean okay like I mean so uh I mean okay Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as both okay uh uh uh well so okay um uh started singing at Sunday school and through basic so so okay so well like um like so education and also performing in various high schools and participating um uh uh well uh okay you know um I mean at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and um uh well so okay like like uh so passes through the northern part of the city of Washington, I mean like so you know well well um well like with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - I mean you know like like well like um okay okay builders such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with so okay uh I mean you know like um I mean like the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be um uh so so well um um um uh indefinitely postponing the recording of another LP, as their goal well well okay so okay like you know well well was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the you know um you know well uh so like um like Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they like uh I mean I mean so I mean you know um um also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself - I mean so you know like you know so you know like okay by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, so I mean I mean okay um I mean like okay I mean 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World uh so okay I mean you know okay I mean um okay War II population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and I mean well okay so uh um uh uh okay Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; you know like I mean you know like I mean okay okay so and she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm uh well you know so okay you know so okay okay of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - well so so I mean um um like I mean um season club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established notions so you know so you know well uh I mean so so and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest years okay well well you know you know well uh well um when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was so like so okay like you know like so you know caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in uh like okay okay you know like so you know so the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is so um I mean you know you know you know well you know you know an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian you know I mean so like I mean uh like you know I mean professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 um well like you know I mean okay I mean um you know -- 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered um okay um um I mean well uh you know so a second consecutive 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued like well okay um you know uh I mean I mean like by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was uh okay uh okay I mean uh um I mean um involved in a trashed - hotel - room incident; he uh so well you know okay I mean uh so well and two members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and began so I mean okay you know uh I mean like I mean uh wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; um so I mean well like you know well uh so the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of uh okay you know um you know you know uh okay okay Alfred Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick like okay so um like like um you know well building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to establish um well I mean uh you know so so um I mean territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office um uh you know uh so uh I mean okay uh block owned by Cork County Council and housing its like uh um um well I mean so like um administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - well okay you know um like well well uh I mean specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship with like well I mean um I mean um I mean I mean okay Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship like so so so um I mean you know well uh with him and reveals that she is imitating her life like okay you know well okay well okay you know uh as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles um okay so like uh uh like so you know for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts so okay so um uh like okay well I mean her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down um like you know like so you know okay I mean like and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced you know okay um I mean um uh okay like you know an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind so you know I mean you know okay okay well uh uh of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one okay so like so you know well like uh so moves on to new levels, which means that the complexity and level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 like uh you know well you know um like you know uh - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and you know like okay uh I mean you know like well like aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful effects uh like so like okay well well well you know on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record I mean I mean um okay um like uh well like - setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt uh uh well I mean so uh um okay I mean and turf that today are Grade 1 events and um okay you know um well like uh okay um in the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished um well I mean I mean you know so I mean uh like second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number so so uh well um so uh well okay of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage I mean I mean so well well okay um I mean well in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to play twentyone games, you know uh you know uh um well you know you know well scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club well uh like okay uh okay like so okay before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper so you know uh uh I mean you know you know I mean you know tape or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic so I mean well you know uh okay you know you know like district in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the uh uh okay you know I mean I mean okay like you know fiesta even not knowing the language and to live like so like I mean like I mean um so well the Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which you know um I mean uh well uh um so well many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, then you know well I mean um you know I mean okay I mean like faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr well okay like I mean so so so so okay beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for well well you know um uh I mean uh okay you know her projects, she founded and was president of the Michigan okay I mean I mean uh um well so uh uh Parks Association, a group that was instrumental in so you know so okay you know well well so um passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team uh like you know okay I mean like um okay um from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used well okay um okay I mean you know okay well uh by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, um I mean so okay like okay well um well materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten uh well I mean so well uh um uh so years later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she began well so like like you know like well you know you know studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear I mean I mean uh I mean well so okay like I mean cause but is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir Mehmood, like um you know well okay um I mean um well Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel so I mean uh you know um you know okay okay uh Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was so uh so like I mean so um um like widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named by Italian you know uh okay well so uh like okay uh Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed uh like so like so okay you know I mean well as being 28 stories tall, though the tower / well well so um okay um so uh you know observation deck extends above the 28 office like well you know well you know um well you know so floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the I mean uh okay uh um okay like so I mean indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood well like uh you know like so I mean well like of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, uh I mean so I mean you know you know you know like you know then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, well okay okay so so okay well well well where her parents decided to separate; she and her well you know I mean like uh I mean so well I mean siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 uh well like you know I mean well like like so October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, ice so okay uh you know like well I mean um uh hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture I mean uh I mean you know so I mean like okay I mean with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin I mean well okay okay like well like like so Colleges, is a two - year campus of the okay like uh so like I mean so you know um University of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, as uh well um I mean okay well well so okay well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to do so like like so uh like okay I mean I mean okay through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three okay you know like you know well I mean I mean uh you know periods after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass okay so I mean uh um I mean so so I mean near modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning approaches, including lecture, well you know you know like uh you know okay well um discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, internet - based interaction, you know so so so uh okay so like I mean etc. These should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a okay like so well um um uh I mean uh philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the 2011 NCAA so uh you know um I mean well like uh like Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from well like uh so like I mean so um like the battle but takes long time to reach as he well um um so like uh like like I mean forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the like you know um so I mean well okay I mean like intelligence service, the allied forces faced him on uh I mean um so uh uh um um you know the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship management companies like uh uh I mean um so you know like uh operated in Monaco and is the current Operator of you know like I mean okay like so well um you know the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, uh um okay so okay okay like uh uh result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which okay I mean I mean I mean like well uh like so prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the system's you know okay so you know well like you know okay well computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood like like well so um so uh like okay -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' like um so um okay uh uh you know um -- and the destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and like uh so so uh um so so like perform on stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the uh okay uh so like so um uh you know Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, I mean so well well well uh okay like well to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built some like um you know well I mean like uh uh I mean considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the third you know so okay uh like you know so uh well attempt; the resulting great field position led to Iowa I mean well well okay okay so I mean okay uh taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the gold was well so I mean well like um so so uh depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was to settle Mashonaland and um well uh I mean um so um you know um Matabeleland all along, and after that and the um like well so um you know okay like okay Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the okay you know you know I mean okay okay I mean okay so 33rd championship game for the NFL, played on like so well um um um um so you know January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well um like I mean so like um um um okay as a marble - topped bar counter, um like I mean you know okay like you know um uh and altogether 50 different types of marble are used, with paired like well okay um um well well uh um marble Corinthian pilasters supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and um um well you know like okay well I mean like he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald um uh okay uh you know you know well well um & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate uh like I mean so like okay well uh you know to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most okay uh like okay so so um I mean okay popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle you know um uh uh um well I mean I mean well at Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was like okay so um like well uh you know you know known as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker you know well I mean so so um um okay okay Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being like so you know well okay like um uh well systematically looted and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress uh uh I mean so so you know I mean like uh and voice actress who is best known as the uh um you know so so uh uh okay well voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
