Hey there welcome back. It 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side but do n't brush too hard. it 's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history tonight. We 've got the story of kuti yoon one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in asia called the mongol empire. The mongol empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great khan. Kaidu yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent warrior.
The brian golf show presented by cobra puma golf actual truck. Yeah real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is don brown. He is the senior director of marketing innovation for true sports is golf division up true sports encompasses a lot. I know don that you have a lot of product not just in the gulf side but true also has what a hockey division lacrosse. am i correct on all this before we get going. Yeah that is correct. so we were formerly known as true timber sports until about the middle of last year and then you know we have a hockey division. I lacrosse division are baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled as opposed to true temper sports or to templars were really just our golf division. So yeah we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I 'm joined by two thousand nine playoff winner and former general captain josh right welcome back to the podcast been a while. Yep a lots changed since the few years our last co-op view you 've gone from it goes to you know been very rare. You 're not been on the scoresheet what 's changed for you and your career in a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that i 've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We 're counting down the top sports scandals of the past years today. We 're looking back to april when year old tennis. Phenom Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the hamburg open or opponent. Steffi Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our march madness special. Listen free on spotify or wherever you get your podcast. the quarterfinals of the hamburg open year old tennis star monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I 'm ready to drink some wine. Okay all right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about caroline calloway and for some reason he listens. shay i 'm ryan. and today we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about caroline but we 're going to shift a little bit into some taylor lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode episode i think of the nest so we 're rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you do n't know about this episode is i 've opened up the line. So at any stage you may get a call from a listener even though this is n't life and we must stop what we 're doing answer the question and then we 'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept if is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. i think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind it 's just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because it 's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let 's get them a segment on let 's get enough signal and like be sure he does beauty show the blob really wants to talk about it. So i 've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best i do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog 's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah i think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Do n't get me wrong. like we never usually talk about exercise on the show but it 's like i 'm a huge advocate of exercise. I 'm a huge advocate of proper diet. you do n't have to feed raw but there 's not too many good. Good commercial grade kibbles available. In fact we 've got a great how to start your dog on raw e-book on our website that you can buy. and you can download it and then we 're big on engagement games or big on training but we 're really big as pet dog. Remember we 're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we 've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they 're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen faster pussycat kill wild women wild wheels race the fastest pussycats and they 'll beat you to death so far woman falcon voted.
On this week 's episode of the show. We have a rojas anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today 's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the dubai cl y w enjoy the episode.
I 'm spouting off. I 'm trying to be funny. I 'm going back and forth. I 'm trying to think of topics. I 'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on yeah. Well yeah it 's not because i do beat my wife. It 's because i do n't have a wife to beat. Yep you heard it here water pouring in a glass. What 's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we 're going to start this pod with water dripping and words. That was dank. we just started. It 's actually been rolling. Alright how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers i 'm on one. Yeah that 's hot. That 's hot. It 's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under saturday may. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. Eld oregon 's long tom river with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river i caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in america today. So we 're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the united states as a huge industry. Especially in hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here 's where we give our shout out to anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I 'll explain real quick and let you know that it 's completely free. There 's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It 's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our i 'm your host lc along with two of my closest friends jay and sarah. Yes i 'm gonna leave here. We 're going to feel better and that are to do right fucking savage. This is sad but shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the journey of going from said bitch. That bitch in this first episode jay and i roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah It 's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again. the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah that 's not really the real life. It 's just like you build with someone. Yeah and yeah it 's just different part going along exactly like being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However it has been told i have read that back in the day a massive school of sardines underneath the golden gate bridge was powerful enough. a school of sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry if you want higher prices if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra hello those two guess haplogroup. Met javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is really puts fastest and mandy patinkin eiu media apps active be active navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi Well a big question mark on that hair chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total bachchan cooper hottie who was a bad joke is audrina before the trial actually opco and they say it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle i.
Hey guys my name is lydia and i love and everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I 'll be your host every fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on instagram at lydia know where lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week weak do n't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this episode to your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and i 'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let 's get into the podcast. Hey guys welcome back to unplug. And today katie katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number of the more you know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I 'm going to talk about giving up perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. i think that it 's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like just it 's the human condition. I want you to know that every single person on planet earth is not getting it. All right they may look like they 're getting it right because there 's maybe one facet of their life that they 're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but like seriously i 'm gonna guarantee that there 's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it right i look at life now is.
I know what you 're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well actually not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They 've got all the creation tools the editing and everything you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to anchor fm to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of tiny leaps big changes where i share.
Today 's episode the hottest take is brought to you by philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It 's the schmear. That 's perfect for spreading on your morning bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That 's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take i 'm juliet lime. And today i 'm joined by craig gains mallory rubin and amanda dobbins and mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking sun not just do n't send him off the earth. What is your problem with a handwritten thank you note. I 'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz i love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm Okay Yeah I just do n't.
What 's up y'all it 's the host from mount olympus your boys do see you want to shoot podcasts. you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it 's easy to use. You can record while you 're at home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances you can record while on the road you do n't have to do it at home and it 's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You 've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like i said it 's free and it 's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic yes good because it 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side but do n't brush too hard. It 's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines helen keller and annie sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen keller and annie sullivan lived a little more than years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she could n't see or hear her world was dark and quiet helen 's parents wanted to communicate with her but they could n't figure out how she could n't learn to speak because she could n't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video recordings will come along for this podcast in case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that specific reason lots of eye contact it 's really too bad. we ca n't publish the video of what i 'm telling the lotion story because part of it is like the visual is at least you know of it. Yeah same goes for the football story that i want to tell ya but the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah we must i guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number for the week of march. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from new york city and bounce around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like chase carter in the house. Yeah you know they could chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. it was dope to hear the show and just like enjoy. Nice Yeah He did n't fuck up too bad now.
Grand prince vasily the third ruler of muscovy raced toward his wife 's bed chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he rushed past the windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He 'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. your cities will be devoured by flames. He shook his head. He could n't think about those words now his sin had already been committed now he must be beside his wife greet his child in the midst of the wind and rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you do please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We 're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you you know a feel for what we 're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you 've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties but i think we 're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That 's something we 're working on. we 're learning. We 're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that 's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it 's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. What 's up everybody welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode we out here recording just having a good time. first off on our instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our follower. Yes sir. We very quickly.
Hello this is mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast bbl lab today. my guest is kyle curry who formerly played for the now folded london city royals and we talked about who he thinks is going to win the bbl championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the royals and more. It 's another short one. It 's going to be about five minutes. No well that 's segment is going to be about five minutes but the whole thing 's a whole show. Hit when you 'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into that i 'm just going to cover. oh i 'm just going to give you a rundown of all the games this weekend and i 'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game to and that was the first of a doubleheader for bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor If you have n't heard about anger it 's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey i hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you 're listening super quick update.
Really quickly we recommend listening to this show on spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you 're listening to with your friends on instagram so if you have n't done so already ready be sure to download the spotify app search for optimal health daily on spotify or browse podcasts in your library tab. Also make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of optimal health daily. This is optimal health daily episode mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by john. Romanello of roman fitness systems. Com And i 'm dr. Neal malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in venice italy. Before we begin please find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I 'd like to take this opportunity to make a confession. I do n't what i do have our convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and i 'm like we ca n't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We ca n't stay here through my journey. It 's become evident that a participant is no longer enough. It 's time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit mike myers show. Com hello and welcome to today 's episode. I 'm your host mike. My shero. We 're going to talk about prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello Hello my true crime people. Welcome to mommy 's crime time. It 's jenni and i am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is leticia stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of gannon. Now if you follow me at all then you know i have said since the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call rt guilty yes we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When marnie and i are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now it was kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a few different platforms but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it 's free. It 's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and i think it 's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it 's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and i have been having this little feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is adam meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt meister. Welcome to the one bitcoin show. Today is march the first strong hand golden age of the baby had. Height some percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated bible low my elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in bitcoin. The last one in february was legendary.
Yeah the fucking mushrooms are for koozies. I need that. Well do n't literally have koozies in my dresser. send me the koozies send me yours that i stole mcdonald 's. Oh yeah. like i stole that from krista so do n't take it there. She 'll take it back. I make sure you give me a mardi gras. Kuzey please i will okay and also i have tvs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters they also have random koozies from like friends weddings that you 've gone to i dig it. I dig it. It 's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding 's it may not even like been friends. I do n't know. I just know that when we went to niki 's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most koozies and monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already at the end of the night. Like i just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is alex stewart. Hi my name is hayley bachmann and we are to a mature relationship scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love yeah we 're just two relationship nerd. and this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because hayley and i kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We 're not famous. So why should you listen to me so we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself.
Three Okay take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is alec. Oh my god. Jerry last guy tony tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he 's okay. I 'll go first because i got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know i love csgo best game there is okay. Okay okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys in otherwise this is jonathan. noah also known as polyphonic and you 're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through saga one issue at a time. Yes and we will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait sorry. No that 's our other podcasts. He said this is the saga lunch. Oh actually that still works. Okay that 's fast. how long were you sitting on that one how long was i sitting on the drag come yeah. Well give me the name of this episode. That 's a visual. Hey noah this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what no joke this is i think this is my favorite cover. We 've hit so far. It 's definitely a cover like.
Coming to you from usl headquarters. This is still some time. Here 's the u s-- l 's kelsey steel. It is march of kelsey steel scott stewart here for season of steal some time. It 's like we blinked all of a sudden the season is upon us. We 're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we 're about to kick off and i was like oh good thing i woke up in time. Then sort of like a sleepy hollow thing god. I set my alarm. Yeah and i think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and i was like whoa we 're like it 's like what 's happening this is happening there soon as they beat montreal. I was just like yeah we 're back in the swing of things. back in the swing of things were back here every single tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether i do.
Before we kick off today 's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about spotify spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That 's for free hallelujah. No premium account necessary spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you 're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you can share what you 're listening to with friends on instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you have n't done so already be sure to download the spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in your library tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let 's see what we 've got on the ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode what i wish someone had told me right after my breakup part by eddie korbanot of loves a game. Com Hello everybody. I am greg.
Hello and welcome to how to become a personal trainer podcast with your host michael piccante. My name is jordan sigh it and in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they 're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello jordan. Hello michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast and then i realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire david has certain rules and regulations around the set up and i realized that i had n't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We 're only seconds in but you were saying.
If you 're ever in deep grief and you wonder how to move on i 'll say this till i die. You only have the next breath. That 's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That 's all you got. What 's up y'all welcome to the grainger smith podcast episode and technically for the people watching on youtube for you. there were episodes on your normal podcast app you can find it on apple music. I 'm not sure about android. I ca n't answer that. I wish i could but for everyone else.
Today is thursday march on this day in. Year old patient. Timothy hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in the care of nurse beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today 's crimes. extreme caution is advised for listeners under. Today We 're discussing beverly allit one of britain 's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the angel of death from february to april of aled killed for pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey what is up ci squads we 're back. i 'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to bluestone college. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that 's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that i 'm putting together for you today but before we get into that i want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I 've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on itunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little gift from me. So we 've had some new reviews come through and i 'm going to pick how.
Hello beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e let louis and i 'm here to help you find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin sea of love light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello i am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but i went off to have a baby most of you know that i was pregnant expecting my fourth child and i actually had her on february. So i.
I was broke unemployed. i was sleeping in the basement on my mama 's new couch. That 's when i heard it all a chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. knees are shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger bay topped it off too fast. Like a chargers game like i missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a bp engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me but i make them eat their words because i do n't know really going billionaire spending money. Like i do n't care mining corn in my underwear. I 'm gonna be a bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I 'm picking out my favorite - like a penn state coach rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like tom brady. I got a fear.
Hi i 'm paige and i 'm lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just say that each week we 'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the tv you are trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done. Do n't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy you know be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to standing tall podcast. My name is andrea ventura and i 'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today i 'll be talking about who i am how i started modeling and made it my korean courier. Well first of all thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off but i just had to do it korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway here we are and i just want to talk.
What 's up guys this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you do n't know about anchor it 's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is free. There 's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it 'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on spotify apple podcast google podcast wherever you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away which is super awesome. It 's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and i 'll look this way too simple. That 's fucking boring. I 'm not doing it. Okay I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It 's bullshit. It 's what 's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. alright i will say it looks pretty tight. I 'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up their friday p. M Sleeping with my best friend 's husband. I think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What 's your secret welcome back to another week beyond the secret. My name is ace fanning and i have had a revelation of sorts after last week 's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It 's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic greek philosopher and want to hear more of history 's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous fates. You can hear the entire catalog all episodes exclusively on spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir sir yes. Yes What is it that you need are you indeed who i think you are i 'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well sir are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. it 's about my son phileas. He is of the age that i wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi i 'm world-famous actor / entertainer kevin bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I 've isolated myself that for what 's the point of being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well i have finally found someone. I have a true bond with randy best low. I do n't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We 'll kill kevin bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of kevin bacon. This was n't the kevin bacon. I 'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy rani gave me the right sir frog and toad kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career kevin. You have to make this movie jeff. I need you to go to the staples center and pick up the u-haul. I left there something.
Hi guys it 's monet. and we 're back with another episode of i 'm not racist today. We 're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop Okay So today we 're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh marley. Hi I 'm laura lee. I 'm the senior at st. Francis Okay And so i guess the first question is have you ever i guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so what was it and yeah i can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. see i 'm.
Hey tim here from the sun solar panel podcast. If you have n't heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It 's actually where we host our podcast for one. It 's free. There 's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that 's how you want to do it. That 's not how we do it. But i suppose you will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That 's spotify. That 's apple podcast stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey it 's a spool back to tell you about our friends at spotify. That 's right you know spotify for music but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know i love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch i 'm here once again but other podcasts another one. Yes that 's right. You could okay what other episode no no it 's not. It 's not the show. So therefore i decide how i want. To another episode of what the coach thing. yes that 's next time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well let 's do the intro. Okay This was the entire show you how it 's done right you know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you i 'm going to do what talk about. Okay
yeah i was fucking born. I ca n't wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. wow this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we 're going to get into but i know that it was a good movie because i 'm like oh i could easily talk about this for a minute. There 's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now let 's not get into it. Okay here we go. Hey everybody welcome to the greatest films podcast. My name is arthur tomorrow. Oh sorry sitting across from me is my god. Mr Keller knobloch keller say howdy howdy thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight i 'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about spotify on spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that 's for free. You do n't even need a premium account and that is great because let 's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you can share whatever you 're listening to with your friends on instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you 're like me you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you have n't done so already download the spotify app search for your favorite podcast on spotify or browse podcasts in the you are library tab. Also make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said let 's get into today 's episode. Hello everybody welcome to episode of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by nerdwallet. I love nerding out mainly about the chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives you know that sort of thing but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like nerdwallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for your money questions turn to the nerds at nerdwallet. Com
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it 's free and everybody loves free things. Like rick do n't you do it yeah. I mean i love free things. So there 's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on spotify apple podcast pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
welcome to do proficiency quest the podcast for english level students. I 'm your host alba casado a student sharing her journey towards proficiency in english now sit back. Relax and enjoy the show and do n't forget to subscribe. So you do n't miss any of my episodes. Hey welcome back in today 's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode but i wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we breathe. Screams and whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You come and i feel the hands of god touching me. and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you 're not forget. the breath of life kissing my lips. You 're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains kissing skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical bible study podcast. I really appreciate your support. I hope you 're getting a lot out of studying the bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text which is something we do n't often talk about enough but we need to talk about it more and today we 're looking at. And really interesting passage. It 's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so matthew to which is the transfiguration. Jesus took with him peter and james and his brother john and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv. Hello Hello Welcome back today as you have to show here on afterbuzz tv. What did i say you just do pause but i do n't worry. Tailgates phd. That 's the one. Yeah I knew you 'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is. I hope it does n't spill out hoping it 's just gonna say i got you.
Welcome to wizard team a harry potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of the wizarding world be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I 'm brianna and i 'm robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book theories but that 's over now today. We 're discussing scenes of fantastic beasts and where to find them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So please feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on twitter to join the conversation have a few extra guy in flying around donate to create check out our new petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right i hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and i do n't know how you 're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way but if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody 's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right your phone or your computer you can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and a bunch more so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is alan and i 'm diego and you 're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We 're talking with loonette. Oh all right. Keep in mind. It 's like a. M You open this and i gotta drink it. All right. So let 's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I 'm jon john. Jon was a real quick. What do you play guitar. Okay again i do vocals since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I 'm carlos and i play drums. And i am daniel and i play the bass. All right let 's let 's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone 's watching you know it 's serious. We 're getting closer. This is n't over the pressures on to god when you 'll get up.
the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from munich so i 'm procedure right i am south african and i 've been living in munich for almost seven and a half years and i 'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes into a trauma survivor community that i started just over a year ago. It was really interesting because i grew up under the time of apartheid. And so i grew up thinking that how i lived was normal. I remember hearing nelson mandela 's name for the first time when i was years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I 'm your host pearson fowler with me as always from gamecock central. the bad luck charm in south carolina gamecocks this entire weekend colin taylor colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It 's much appreciated gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and i sound like i 'm being sarcastic because it 's not a clock. In the morning but i 'm being serious because friday you were in colombia. You covered the baseball game and then saturday morning you woke up and drove to tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in hoover or birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to clemson south carolina first thing sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to colombia. And now you are back here in downtown columbia at nine o'clock on monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Do n't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the dj 's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the dj 's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to i 've never all see this as season episode the rivals. Let 's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening here. So i 've never seen the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah heather has never actually seen that will see despite being something years of age. I do n't need me. I am nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks Where does i have seen those.
Hello my name is emily frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician 's health and wellness. It 's two days after mardi gras. We 're all completely. It 's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast studio at loyola university new orleans for episode. I 've been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and i 'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist anders osborne anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd marine. No it 's a pleasure to be in your warm little we 're nerd brain. Thank you emily.
Hey guys it 's jeff hammer your law of attraction coach with the dominating edge today. We 'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the california coast from los angeles to san jose. Now i 've been on a train before. But this was special. It was a peace train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends i 'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast you know if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost it 's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It 's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you do n't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to fitness unfiltered episode. So this is our first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that did n't notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that i 'm also joined by emma and mike as always so m. How are you i 'm fine. Excellent and mike how are you i am also fine. Okay so statements of i 'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around i think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by doctor david. Robert grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller which i 'm not just saying this because they 're here. I did actually say it to mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times i think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again it was so dark in here that i had to use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah i also realized i had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It did n't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing i tried was to walk out but i could see movement in my peripheral vision. as i moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and i got a horrible gut.
What 's up everybody welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode i 'm going to be doing something a little bit different i am going so i 'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so i just wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it i guess is the best way to put it i mean so like i talked about in the last episode that i really am a big fan of the bowman chrome rookie cards. So not the bowman prospect cards the ones with the rc logo. So i was putting together some statistics with the psa pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards so here 's basically what i got so like i was looking at like players basically i use trout as a baseline but i think something that 's when i originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way kevin 's revolutionary new product that guarantees you 'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk master. Treat your fling flang right i am before you 're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton All right is easy now i can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. i am your host jason bolton. Oh and i have on the phone chris sheridan. Mr Chris shared in other words otherwise known as it 's going to mr. Christie but that 's mr. Christmas to you. What 's your name chris mr. Darkness mystic mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables young and montero 's i 'm going to really date myself. They call me. Mr Tibbs sydney quick to remember that. Yeah And it 's sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr Sidney poitier what you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let 's get out. There 's a problematic pause as they surged about. It was n't a stage and screen. Yeah stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we 're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you 're working on battery power over there. So i have a good signal and i have plenty of power. So i think we 're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them millennials get a bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told business news daily that these facts about job hopping are n't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that millennials jump from job to job because we 're never satisfied but data from the us bureau of labor statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did years ago in. The average employee spent. Years with the company said steve hart cmo of jot. Worm
Wait i can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is christina dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on poshmark. I 've been a reseller for about half a year. I 've created an instagram account to market my items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks i 've stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host christina dean. Today We 're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys welcome to today 's english lesson where we are going to be learning all about indefinite articles in the english language. Now in this lesson you guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite articles in english now for those of you who are back again for another english lesson welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher monica and i 'm an american english teacher. I have a master 's degree in teasle which is teaching english to speakers of other languages and i 'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an american college and i also teach.
Bollywood cop shop beyond come awesome here love is in the air ir jockey those militia upset pyar ki baat aakar. It 's great to be back with my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up hey if you are very distressed jean nicolet on movie casa de esta su chi bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob ranbir kapoor or alia bhatt key run be roughly casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It 's liquid. Zalimoon Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data but then it did not last long and finally they found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita kirin.
nursing students it 's dean terpil. And this is the enterprise podcast. Today is friday march. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like there 's been a lot going on this week even though we 've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who 's in your clinical group but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to contact me so i can send them the link. This is important information that i want all of you to have. It 's going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your bc email. You need to check any messages in frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It 's been a while has n't it i 'm so sorry that i have a neglected you guys. I 'm really neglect to do but life 's been busy christmas and then you know what january 's like and yes so now this is series. So we 've now got new guests which is amazing and i 've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and i hope you really enjoy like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you 'd like to come on please to give me a message because i 'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of caroline flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone 's struggling just giving them a helping hand in missing i 'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it 's like to live with borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is celine and i am your host for this podcast. I want to issue a proviso at the beginning of the podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And i also want to mention that i will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode of the poolside. Last podcast in this month 's episode. We 've got an interview with john rudd who is a national performance director at swim ireland. We 're going to be speaking to john about his career at plymouth some of the athletes you coach the plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from tokyo with some island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the wi-fi.
Well greetings and i hope your march is off to a great start. I wanted to welcome you to our one community podcast again. I 'm excited about this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for dcs going forward as you know the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor 's budget. Into the general assembly. Also we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended fy budget has not yet been finalized. I 'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to begin work on the fiscal year budget and we 'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we 've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional research into blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There 's a wide variety across sources myths may not always be the version you 're familiar with but we hope you 'll enjoy them. Long arrow stumbled through the early morning darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He 'd been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity tom holland a spider-man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an american film and television studio. They are best known for producing the marvel cinematic universe movies based on characters that appear in marvel comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes tom holland edition. I 'm kayla hurley and i 'm thrilled to be talking about today 's topic. Back in july my mother amy and i took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of spider-man. I was currently unaware of the gorgeous actor who portrayed spider-man himself so i was n't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I 've had a huge crush on tom. That 's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man years older than me back in october of. I met tom well for seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh baby i like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to good better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of dirty bastard out a submersible dorel dirty bastard you know we figured we just change it up because the mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the luck ran out of the money song that one money song that we 've been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so odb was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now. It was the buzz. I 'm your host bri and a cheyenne. I have alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and alexis. I 'm sorry katie kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals but she was dying laughing so i know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I 'm your host gauge as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming because we actually did n't have one of those this week. But if you 're hankering for your weekly slap cast content it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number of the sasha t show. Yes It 's no longer for life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded it is the sasha t show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and let 's get back to business today. So i 'm making this video and podcast right after luke advantage dropped points. Rebounds and assists on the pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know the sports card market and luke advantages market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism psa tests. see what we 're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they 're not too familiar with.
You 're sitting on the couch with vincent taylor. I 'm a colorist for film television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it 's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It 's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time but it 's really about what brought my guests to the color couch. How did i get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your one stop shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the market but want to bring in the owner of outdoor legacy. Mr Jason robertson what 's going on sir not much and i 've got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he fumbled it. this is a this is a one-take show. So if there 's any hiccups or problems it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it 's rolling and man he was fumbling. So well then he with the tongue twister there one stop shop man one.
Hey guys if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast let me explain real quick first it 's free. How could you get anything better at something that 's free. There 's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that 's anchored on fm to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah there we go coming at you week three but four you probably week one. hopefully week one because we 've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah Yeah It 's been good. We 're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow nancy and this is a sip and chill show welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You have a days and get your money up. And yeah let them march madness big game and shout out to all my march baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating their birth month with that being said happy birthday to my baby lol. Oh yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener discretion is advised. March year old former italian prime minister aldo maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the narrow street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me but his captors did n't reply. They simply shoved aldo into one of three waiting fiats and sped off. Inside the car aldo 's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo we back episode no mother those bobbylocks. here we are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what 's up bob good talk anyways alright we 're what lady she 's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a vegetable but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but all right you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when i 'm gonna say yeah we 're not racist guys. These are all just we 're saying things that people said to us. Yeah Oh yeah so we had people send.
Okay haley anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third olympics. So pretty cool to be going to right. War really excited to be going to this one you cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third olympics after each olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it how have you approached each olympic cycle each one.
Hello Hello and welcome to the siebert 's podcast. Today 's podcast is number. Now if you 've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started a new series but the foreigner lifestyle now we 've already had dr. Chuck matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had matt candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely dana candler the mrs. Camera Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you 're a loving wife and you 've been here. I hope for a long time. So you 've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you 're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from the pediatric section on ortho bullets. Com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between to years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is these injuries are most common in to year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello everyone. Dr Davidson edmund. I hope everybody 's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we 're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all i 'd like to introduce myself to those who does n't know me. i practice in oxford alabama. I see you about patients a day and the office i 'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It 's been to patients including icu and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay and therefore i 've had multiple questions regarding you know what what they can do to protect.
Today 's episode is sponsored by anchor if you have n't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform speaking of which uses and it 's awesome because it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane why would you do that i was taking a.
Today is monday and it 's time for episode of q and a schnee. Ask ashley. I do n't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this we 'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it 's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while i was working for amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to spotify apple podcasts like others at this point. So you do n't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you 're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and the business mentor comes in with enough experience experience of years. I 'm here to guide you join me as i go along you 're joining the words brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor hey have you heard about anchor dot f m-- you know when i began my podcast i 've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when i was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until i found.
Hey everybody welcome back to the project prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely kathleen child 's and i 'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and i wanted to bring her in today because i am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I do n't feel qualified to talk about that but i do think that kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi kathleen do you want to introduce yourself hi everyone. Sure joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages and my husband tom and i live in boston. We love living in the city. It 's a fun life. I
Thanks for pulling that up. Let 's go back to this edition of days and days. your host peyton brown joined in studio to my right is called snodgrass portobellos across the way from east kate simmons. What 's up guys and gals to his right is omar. Hey guys and owens right is cow bloomfield. How 's it going there it is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I do n't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an og natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener Probably our number one.
Hello everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey what 's good it 's gina aka high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like what do you do like what u into u into holistic your ricky hey lola. Yeah i do. I do n't like to limit too much with the words. But um i kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher youth development specialist. Yes That 's why i brought you here girl. Yeah you do everything just like me like i dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah actually i 'm in the process of making medicine to yeah and i worked with dr. Sebi do you know about how i work with his wife for like six months so i know.
What 's up everybody welcome in the dome podcast podcast body hey how you doing i 'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk about today we got a breakdown. I know there 's not much stock boat. We still have n't broken down the columbus game but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay i believe off where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and i was starting to get sucked back in. Yep And then i think it 's like when fully back on board is fully back with the calgary flames right now to start that podcast. I was like i 'm not falling for it. I 've been hurt too many times by these guys but by the end of that podcast we switched but i was still whatever. Yeah i 'm fine. I 'm told i 'm fully back. You 're fully back. I 'm proud. I 'm not fully back. They 've sucked me in that columbus game. Got me back to being like i think i 'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today We 're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters and force congress to increase the budget for the u. S Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today 's disaster listener discretion is advised extreme caution is advised for listeners at p. M On august forest ranger ed pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of wallace idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting that i talked about last week. I have finished and now i 'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that i use in my own studio practice when i get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you 'd like to see that process head on over to laura horn art. Com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and do n't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is in feb infe be and you will save on that class up of march. So that 's when the coupon expires. Hello laura he going i 'm very good. It 's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you 're returning guest. Thank you so much for your support. your host dustin and today in the studio joining me is the cody lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody Remember excuse me. If you 're new here you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It 's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry trends or events. So yeah we just kind of cover it all remember if you need wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you 're going to want to head on over to you can find us at custom offsets. Com Also we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it 's pretty cool. So we 're teaming up with nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to inches in diameter.
Yo what 's up everybody welcome to the power line podcast your host doyle an angel man has been a fucking week huh it 's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick what face facts beyond pain exile we got with us the cup of the exile boys. What 's up introduce yourself then now but yeah that 's kind of cool at the cbr house who wants cavity was on gravity mero mero beyond pain was above and beyond if you did n't lose brain cells last night happy to you right cause like if you did n't lose brain cells i do n't know what you 're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also yes also has people shout out malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It 's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you 're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It 's too hard. It does n't seem feasible. I do n't have those kind of opportunities. I do n't have it in me. I do n't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is i do n't know.
You 're listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go hi this is me on guam. Today 's bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a time in taipei. There are lived a sergent named martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in london. So he booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to transit vile hong kong international airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However
Hey molly kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight society standards and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now let 's get into the show. I 'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will bethany. Well i 've never called you bethany best ajman and i think i said your last name right you did. Whoo Welcome Tell everyone. What 's your business name and yeah let 's start there. Hi my name is gus. Wake Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and i do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like facebook advertising and blogging and some just miscellaneous.
Hi my name is matthew cousins from or at group and welcome to our leadership series for international women 's day as part of this series. We 've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey and what makes them tick additionally. We 'll talk about each of equal campaign for international women 's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today 's episode. We sit down with jackie whiteman the chief operating officer across the davidson group jackie has over years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with jackie at chandler macleod. We hope you enjoy the episode with jack. Morning jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women 's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now. It was the buzz guys newsweekly. I so excited new gossip. I cannot wait to just dive right into yeah. It 's like a super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys i 'm ashley bowden. Welcome back guys and daddy love having you here. So let 's just kind of dive right in. Okay let 's start with ab pulp. Well let 's do paul. Yeah So you guys prayers up. First of all for paul 's mom who was reportedly in the hospital paul went on instagram and shared a clip of his. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It 's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day bro a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It 's about the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at all star sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you 're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website www. Ultratrust Com star sports. and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to the equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own chris news. The pocket all star sports is on the leading edge of sporting goods technology and the.
Hi i 'm jenny lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property elite welcome to our weekly cpd podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you ace a pc or a sock rick 's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual cpd hours. If you 're already a qualified chartered surveyor this week 's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your epc we 've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ics on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor mr. Ics You have six years from your date of.
This is ottoman and i 'm going to talk about your energies. Most of the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into small little adam and adam in two electrons. they are energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for prs podcast. This is your host victoria philippi. The run for prs podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you 've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow how did they get so fast well this podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to reaching your potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are one very savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing but they all have one common thread which is they know where there 's a pain in sports or esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You 're listening to feed the global sports technology podcast. Fast that 's right. You listen to sports take feed. I 'm your host. Tom salome 's great to have you joining us. Once again we 've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with tim 's the co-founder and managing director of stadia ventures. Stadia is a global sports innovation hub including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and esports. They 've had over cohort company since it launched in including five successful exits and i was lucky enough to judge their global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent lewis and.
If you 're welcome. What 's up guys welcome to hell i am with a lisa kelly. Welcome Thank you. I 'm so happy been hell. She 's a columnist a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she 's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of cosmopolitan magazine. She 's written two books working on a third. She 's basically like the hottest astro bitch and the planet because like if i 'm gonna bring you guys some astrology i 'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that i just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I 'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the mixology of astrology where she makes cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey do n't yawn just yet before bedtime. It 's chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight 's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all over america. Ah madam cj walker but before she was madame cj walker she had a different name sarah breedlove. Sarah breedlove was born in louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter laila. So sarah took a job washing other people 's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys welcome to the body power mind podcast with me adam robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let 's apply and let 's inspire. Let 's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared i was about and yeah i was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What 's up guys it is cody wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before i even introduced matthew so do n't say anything yet matthew because i have n't introduced yet. Yeah smash the subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash the subscribe button it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now let me introduce my lovely co-host matthew. What 's up dude good man great. Uh-huh All right and you 'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that right yeah. Yeah Yeah Y'all are probably the power just like i 'm a skip to seconds. Yeah i was good. So yeah today 's topic. We are still on our demonic church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We 're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor if you guys have n't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it 's free and there 's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to spotify apple podcasts so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your yes. Thank you. Hey guys it 's taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an excel as a minority in academia but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So i kind of want to offer some.
Hey welcome to episode of the vibe dojo podcast. I am your host brandon. And today we 're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which i 'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who do n't know what the vibe dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah it 's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I 'll just play you in with some music and then we 'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the dj 's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the dj 's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys it 's murph this week on the inside podcast. We have eric mcclellan at warner music all around great guy avid baseball fan and he gave us minutes of his time to really cover you know some solid tips and tricks you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to you know reach out to you know bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how studio talk can help you out. Check us out at studio talking dotco. Hey what 's up guys this is eric mcclellan at warner music group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this so yeah man i appreciate you hopping on today and i know you know we 've been friends over the last several years pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode on your mark on the barker media network. I 'm your host chris ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today We 're going to dive into the world of animation. We 're going to talk about pixar animation studio. And today i have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get andrews insights because andrew has a lot of insights in this world that.
shift podcast. I 'm your host sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
what is going on everyone dave at sva card collectors good score last night. No i 'm not talking about the knicks defeating the houston rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter we 're not going to get the first but anyway it 's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that besides you i have sold my tops update ronald acuna jr. Psa I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah yeah. Now i had this card for the longest time and i took it off because i was afraid of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody its josh rutledge your co-host for a fierce cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so much for listening. If you 'd like to support us more. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast. Com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much as you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello I 'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other realms ghosts cryptids.
What is going on everybody this is awesome. You guys are tuned in the woods with dds a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode in the woods with edsa. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger brother. Colin hendrix man what was going on everybody just happy to be here. He 's happy to be here. Okay Well with that being.
Hi guys this is scumbag vinny from the scum town podcast. And i 'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If you 're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They 'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from spotify apple podcast google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That 's right. You can make money from this podcast. This is n't a scumbag vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag vinny sent you.
Yo yo yo what 's up everyone i guess i 'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom brady greatest of all time now if you ask me patriots fan obviously i 'm going to tell you that he 's staying put but if you ask me as an nfl fan. You staying put it just does n't make sense for me for somebody like him somebody that has been in the nfl for just about years spent it all with one team just does n't make sense for me to it 's just does n't make sense to me. So it does n't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at years old after spending his entire career playing for the new england patriots. It just does n't make sense for.
Hey hey you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what it 's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- and you 're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It 'll be yours and it 's totally free. Once again get the anchor app. I 'll go to anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He 's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this segment of the real agenda. We 're going to talk about.
So here 's a quick note before we get started. If you have n't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to anchor fm. Com to get started. Well howdy there internet people isabella gun. So tonight we 're going to talk about a meme and it 's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It 's an idea that people have and we 're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside adam kaplan adam. It 's going to be our second free agency show because people ca n't get enough free agency. I mean harold i mean yeah you know what you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from indianapolis or know we were in indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both especially got a lot of notoriety for the byron jones scoop. So we 're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah i appreciate it and wip you know the lh or parks or friend there and jump archer dan.
Hello Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four but it 's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two. Oh how will they trust how will our fans how are we gonna get through this as a group i think that all hate mail at monday. No it 's more of like an avant-garde movie least like where it 's like they do n't show you the current timeline like witcher. i would watch which i 've heard. It 's out of order. I 'm playing would you right now it 's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah you get so addicted to video games. Yeah Yes you do. Wait So what are your biggest skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval do n't i do. What about war what about like like guns big fan of shooter games i guess think since there were a lot of the rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There 's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig master jigs when in doubt go to jig masters. Com and use promo code. Pmf and save percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the fbl hangover podcast where we raised a bear and lower the tone all things fpl related this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the future and before you and ask where we are going. You do n't need green arrows and that 's a good thing because you 're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several blast from the past tear up the usual fpl narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself too. Film references and of course i 'm talking about the likes of a macos alonso brace which assisted one. I believe leighton baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to america 's alonso. And of course let 's not forget liverpool getting absolutely twatted by watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in animal crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things animal crossing episode is brought to you by lindsay hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today sergio and i are going to go over the week 's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from pax east and there will be a very special interview with great fairy. Carrie and her experience playing animal crossing new horizons at pax east so to begin. Hello sergio. How you doing hello. Chewy I 'm doing pretty awesome. You know it 's been a really productive week. But in terms of animal crossing it 's been a lot of weight. It 's been filled with a lot of news and then i also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album 's it 's just been a great great week. Yeah you sent me a picture of the box you got.
Hey guys and welcome back to my podcast. First of all i want to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that 's very close to my heart. It 's a very sensitive topic and i just decided today that you know my needed to you know sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said but the main reason why i sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I 'm your host luke aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone engaging on instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We 're going to be talking about last weekend 's premier league action and the repercussions of everything that happened so straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously liverpool losing to watford. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is against walk further team is sitting in. Literally exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So for jurgen klopp i think it was very frustrating that sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I 'm day chapman and you 're listening to the sites of a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode. I 'm finding porter and as you might have heard last week we 're working on a brand new times version of the science of social media. We ca n't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We 'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let 's jump right in.
Hey guys it 's peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into god 's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in jesus. Hope that is exactly what paul is talking about here in corinthians chapter. We 're going to start this section in verses through today corinthians chapter beginning in verse for we know that if the tent our earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from god a house not made with hands eternal in the heavens in this tent we groan longing to put on our heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What 's going on guys before we get started on today 's episode. I want to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that i use to record my episodes. It 's the easiest way to make podcast. It 's a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it 's been uploaded to anchor and will then distribute your podcast for you so i can be heard on spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot fm to get started. Before i start this podcast i just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I 'm warning you right now. It 's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that 's just the way my whole setup. It works i guess but i 'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But i.
For the love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to make your classroom buzz go to teach starter. Com Hey teachers on here. Thanks so much for the love of teaching. Please rate and review us any apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily ali is a passionate teacher who has used this source and program to engage in delight how beautiful students she 's a huge fan of the daily and she documents her students learnings on her instagram page the young educator ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like when are we doing daily and that for me i was just sold so i knew it was worth it. Welcome ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I 'm so excited to be here. Yay
Principal callahan i 've got principal velazquez online for put her through cal. How are you not so bad value self never better but you can make me even happier. Well i told you we ca n't keep doing that. It 's a conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway i saw reports this morning that chili doug davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is but it 's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to barcelona if that 's what you 're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Do n't you tell me cow ate of them in one lunch period or freshman year right down the gullet and not minutes later scored on our biology midterm. Just shy of an a+. Look point is the kids a stud a phenom. I 'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book let 's not be hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay Okay monday march teleperformance the yard this is your clo francisco lara cisco kid metal. Whoa Um we want to share with you guys the jack welsh passed away. He was the chairman and ceo of general electric an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It 's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that i am part of lucky 's que. Ahora el colombiano say super ten and it 's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it 's all about what we have built and where we were going. other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the success of others and they company.
You 're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming up today. And for me i stress that period in my life. I bucked authority. I can that stance which email authority could not stand it. And so if a male teacher specially came to me and said oh you should be making more black art. you should be making more black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes this is radio juxtaposed. Hey this is doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the armory show in new york city myself and evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to nab ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I 'm just hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between boom you 're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And i am your host lucy sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You 'll be lost. What if you do n't like to listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it but you should pour yourself a drink because i like to say fuck a lot and every time i say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor it 's actually what i 'm using right now to record my podcast episodes. I 've been using it for the last several months and i absolutely love it. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And i 'd forgotten about how much i used to extend.
All right guys i 'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you have n't heard about anchor what are you doing man get your life together but if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast and i will elaborate first of all it 's free ca n't beat that too. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer 's broke. I already talked about that therefore i 'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that it does n't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more dude. you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership which is awesome for me because i probably had your listeners right now and it 's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred fm to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the way around each tube three it 's heroines week. And today 's hero is emily warren roebling have you ever heard of the brooklyn bridge the brooklyn bridge is a giant bridge in new york city goes over a big river and it 's beautiful people from all over the world come to new york each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you do n't hear about that often is a woman named emily warren roebling. Switch your.
Hello this is dr. Pol cottrell. I 'll give you a little update on the john hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide. I 'm sorry deaths recovered in the united states. We have now passed the hundred mark. We 're not at one. Cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in washington which is interesting that we have n't had any deaths in california. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they 're treating the patients or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today We 're featuring real life. Villain albert anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless hitman in crime lord by the end of the. He was one of the most feared mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the hudson river north of new york city sits one of the most notorious prisons in america singsing in april. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in new city alone.
Is that a break up i think we have a situation right here. Welcome to the filling station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we 're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside the great city of london. I 'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. you know i mean i know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How 'd you guys cope there 's another one coming does n't just get ready. Let 's raise yourself. Let 's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that 's been in the making for god knows how long you know we keep trying to meet up for this and that just does n't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We 're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of true crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We 're exploring the most fascinating true crime themes covered across the park as network. We 've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas like motivation method and madness and show how interconnected the true crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We 're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist robert fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of richard and john which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about a medieval village is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in england lived and worked on the land in the middle ages and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle ordinary people did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village you 're looking at a life expectancy as low as and if you 're lucky as high as so a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was agriculture and agriculture means farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is rachel braun and welcome back to this episode of brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is zach so up but you may know him as the nittany lion so i actually knew a little bit about zach before this year before he revealed himself as the nittany lion because rumors around the college of ist which i 'm a part of said that the line was actually in our major. So i had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes zach and i were new so that was kind of cool a penn state. It 's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season right you revealed yourself. So that 's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah So my name is zach. So i study cyber security in the college of information sciences and technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We 've been a bit delayed in having the massively same put you you know we 're back to say they will intro there but of a bruce springsteen born in the usa for the are the toffee blues. It 's all be in america about a cat america and this week. you know if you 've got a great affiliation to america i 'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It 's light which and big old mitch we 've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we 'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that i 've barely got a voice and that 's really all the shout with the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What 's up friends you 're listening to the razor vibration podcast. she 'll be your host each week. I 'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to raise that vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you 're ready. Let 's turn this baby up. So i want to fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I
Goodies welcome back to another ongoing series of sherman feeling my name. Is he talking chilling wellness acrobat david a little more olive near the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near toledo. And in that case on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then d is high up. Now i might have why is it clay of they 're not kira want to come here. I 'll give him a call marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in russia. Tara beam and third is hanukkah which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we 're not there yet. My name is dori. and i 'm joe and welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay so um i just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And i work on different type of client based off of a studio in westford i just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So that 's pretty much a little bit about what i do. I just think currently i 'm working in a mental.
I 'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It 's how this podcast comes to be. Remember I started just on youtube but i knew that i needed to get on audio. So i asked a buddy of mine who 's a podcast producer. How do i do this and he just told me use anchor because it 's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the internet. It 's also free. You can record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will distribute that podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple podcast google podcasts and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it does n't matter how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It 's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started that 's anchored dot f m.
Oh we are back to the interview episode of home advantage today. We are joined. Once again by jani yakima hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes because we do n't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second time we had him on we 'd already covered his career. And so i got to talk about a lot of things on this show and i 'd get to hear a lot of yanni 's insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother greg just want his fifth state title high school in new york. And so we talked a little bit about that and then greg coming to cornell. He 's competing in the pan am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up hmm at all my mother. Yeah but not by choice. Mmm like my mom used to come into my bathroom while i was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like gap with me. Yeah so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs right and instead i would be like maybe pick a setting where like i 'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting oh and there 's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it 's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right no. Yeah She got like what a good time. Oh look. you 're free. Ha ha ha. Why do n't we just do need to talk.
Hi guys. You 're welcome to be more with all the report cast. Thank you for joining me again and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. you know you have to get these things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about you know doing things by yourself. Cough now you know there 's this whole part of it that says you know you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there 's also the part of you doing this particular goal by yourself but me how far now you know so i mean we 're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it could n't get any worse no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history 's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under. richard do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello you 're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht edge. This month 's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support learning or if it 's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big ed tech development is likely to be and also this gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with james bowen our guest this month is daisy christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She 's a former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He 's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode the origin of species was not actually about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter to see what it actually is about today. So i hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way you 've ever seen or heard. I 'm your host john doe d. Thanks for listening this season. We 're going through ap biology one chapter at a time this week. We 're on the chapter which is titled the origin of species but it 's not even fucking about darwin like what the shit.
Hi all bri here with your tea on afterbuzz tvs. Fiance news daily. We have n't gotten to see much of stephanie on the new season for the days but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in australia and that her family is unaware that she 's dating a woman what you might not know about stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That 's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That 's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as stephanie took her instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it 's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying i 'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I 'm allowed to be everything. I 'm allowed to love whoever i want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her patron head over to patreon. Com
Keep a good distance from the microphone was n't right with my favorite you who 's that guy next to him welcome back to topics of interest with nick and mark. I am your host nick harrigan and i 'm the other host marc murphy. And today we have a very special guest tyler nord everyone tyler your part-time host. Yeah Let 's get it. So mark mark new tyler and college so how 'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah So i barely showed the chemistry but had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it was there. we just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is back when mark was a maki correct. Yeah We were both mechanical engineering majors before he gave up.
My name is aaron ross. And this is the dirt confessions of a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter bethany davis as part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in the civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with new forest. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after day as a job it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to relate more to learn. So wherever you 're coming from as any tree planter would say may the planting gods be with you. Hey everyone i.
What 's up everybody anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle. and welcome back to the podcast in today 's episode. We 're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now when you 're doing research and you 're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you 're choosing the right products. Now the first level is the niche level. That 's the highest one right what type of products do you want to sell and after you lock did n't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you 're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what i 'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you 're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it i should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you 're looking to build your highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange theory fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate based training guaranteed to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories post-workout track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you do n't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout that 's what otf milford and this seek to help you with. All right. So let 's kick it up i 'm here with coach zach coach heidi coach francis and a special guest you guys know where is audrey she has.
Welcome to bible at bedtime a podcast where amber lawton read bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know i started this podcast because i 've had trouble falling asleep and i found that over the years when i listen to the word of god. I 'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest and so as you listen to night focusing on the word of god. Let it be an inspiration to you to bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today 's episode featuring lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey you want to know why my brain does n't work right if you text k out there how dare you i thought we were n't using the word crazy light it on fire watch it there and we 're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Do n't leave me who came up with this list given on the bird. I love my childhood should i sit on this couch and recline you 're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But i love friends. I 'm monica geller and i hate it but i 've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is shelby tweetin and i 'm failing villa dough and we have a show for you. you 're supposed to introduce yourself know that i was supposed to introduce myself there. I 'm sorry. Okay I 'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait you 're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well it has to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. this is a ross cast all about the american collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and i 'm global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan What 's up oh god. That was so hot somatic. Yo it 's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes so he is a ucsd alum. He was on ross all-stars board with us and now he lives in seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance yes. I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault on nancy kerrigan. I 'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by francis ellis. Hey i 'm here and we have a special guest today mateo lane high buongiorno. I done special guests have started minutes ago but i came in with my pr person my lighting crew my director i mean i really divided up walking sure i did this andrew collins to but to be fair when i was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was pouring rain. I look like shit mike. You have to let people fucking know you 're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I 'm an gordon here with your day. my friend and kavita our daffy today is brock hot summer. That 's. We are really in the final stretch. It 's hard to believe and it 's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our virtual cm that will take place on sunday march a. M Eastern standard time and p. M Israel time and wherever you live in the world you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We 're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one if so we 're excited to share our free guide to the essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www. Sceeto Com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That 's www. Soffc Org forward slash create. Well the only other thing i was wondering about is and i think i 've sort of got an answer but i noticed that i 'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as i 'd like to be and i am affected sometimes by other people if there 's some negativity and affects me and i dip and so say that in a different way. I 'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey welcome back for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We 're here with usual suspects. We also got dennis the founder operator and super gangster from murder town usa. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year it 's like a first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that 's case scenario but i like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let 's do this. Yeah Well do n't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah we got like real faithful follower and i feel bad every time we put something out because i know we 're just letting him down. Yeah Hell yeah do n't worry and do n't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That 's not true.
Hello i 'm savvy gandhi and i am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on starship to the artemis program to take us back to the moon. So like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised takashi. Was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to tmz. All i saw was the gun amazing when i woke up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and beat up a little bit to you know i definitely brought it back down a human level. And i started talking to god. I 'm like you do n't only when i could get me out of this. Welcome to infamous the takashi story a spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story 's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I 'm caleb. I 'm kevin and my name is leo. And today we 're exploring two paths of one life. This episode is going to have major spoilers for bioshock infinite. And so like if you have n't played bioshock infinite how did you make it this far into the podcast that i do n't like do n't answer that pause the episode played bioshock infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to mom hood it 's wednesday. We 're so glad that you 're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part of the october gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up in here. I ca n't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you 're tapping on i do recommend. Going back and listening to part it 's not absolutely imperative. But i do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it 's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable you know where she came from part is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story dynamic as a young woman and it 's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and i think that 's how it is for.
Good morning. It 's time for chompers. You 're a morning and night. Do you show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It 's heroines week and every day we 're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were trung truck and trung knee. A long long time ago the trung sisters were born in a country in asia called vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days vietnam was controlled by a country called china but many of the vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today 's tagalog word of the day is k begun being a british filipino can be a long thing you know so let 's get into this week 's chase smith. Hey guys it 's your girl jt and your girl giselle and your girl gigi and hello. We 're joined by special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well cambria found a how was your day tiring long as it was productive. That 's all that matters. Come on the love that now monday. Let 's go energy gun. So guys as you know our tagalog word of the day is kai begun and what the sky regan mean is it co begun.
Now sports talk with brodes here 's hunter brody yui yui the fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the washington capitals in first place of the metropolitan. Well technically i understand the caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense but of course not listen i do n't care if technically they 're not in first. All i care about is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the flyers beat the carolina hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season i would have been concerned about this game.
Hi i 'm coach cory wayne. and the topic of today 's video is going to be going with the flow and i got an email here from a client of mine that i 've been coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I 've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he 's got a couple of situations that he 's asking me about so he meets his all at a concert and i guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point and she listened this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says but i just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky dodgers a podcast for and by philippine x millennials and edges hello. Mohabbat by this is not billy ray cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and martin. Hey what 's up and you 're listening to good. So my god bernard in everything about what i mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing but what 's a draugr i love saying among. I know monkey. I do n't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you 're planning to do that. It 'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that 's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice which i want to get to first. The nhl is apparently unveiling a new puck filled with quote unquote electronics and they 're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they 're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a little article about this aq and we were just talking about this before we went live here. They 've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They 've given it to a few of the superstar players throughout the league the practice see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No sidney crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you have n't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things like spotify apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys welcome to another episode of laguna beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It 's your host kelly. So excited to be here feel like i just sounded like heidi like so excited but our finale of love is blind this past week and i know there is a reunions coming up on tuesday or wednesday. I think or.
When i made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a podcast i found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor i 'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They 're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. so it sounds great. They 'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes spotify apple podcasts google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so i can check out your show.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all it 's free. You do n't have to put any money up front for someone who 's starting out podcasting. That 's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with marcos garza and the garza law firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a dui. if you need a personal injury lawyer mark rose garza and his team can handle all three garza. Law Com before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the charlotte hornets a shovel hello everyone. Welcome to the march episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have got sarah that 's me and iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo Yes bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight 's game at.
The chapter in my former book theophilus i wrote about all that jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the holy spirit to the apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of days and spoke about the kingdom of god on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this and do not leave jerusalem but wait for.
Hi i 'm andy herman the creator and owner of a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as i tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you 're serious about starting your own podcast you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- today to get started minutes a day days a year.
Hey what 's up my people hope you 're all doing well. And you ready to hear from another friend of the show. He 's definitely someone i should have called before now as he 's one of the few people i 've played with whom i looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further ado here 's my conversation with premier league winner and good friend. My darling let 's go. Please enjoy. just what i needed. my brother how are you bro i 'm good man. I 'm good. It 's going on. Yeah um you know same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It 's the same thing. I did with micah same thing. I did with john. So i see ya siri. I spoke to alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast and it 's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It 's everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Ca n't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic love queen.
Well this is pretty cool. I 'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is darren mcgee. Thanks Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy avi of iron lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in southern california. The company is iron lion soap. You can find them on instagram at iron lion soap and iron line soap. they make just a beautiful array of natural soaps that i am so in love with and so grateful that i made the connection with avi and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and i 'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that i could to receive such beautiful.
Right Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we 're going to talk about the acres of diamonds program in total and we 're going to talk to a real live student graduate of acres of diamonds miss any coughlin. You got the last call going wrong coghlan cog-lin. No i think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog we talk to them. Well actually my dad 's death so we ca n't call him. Oh that 's probably could you did n't you did n't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah Yeah trust me. Well i talked to marcus. So i 'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes Yes so he may not answer right away right but me i have ways. Yes is there i talked to marcus so i meant deaf.
Hello everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I 'm your host simon whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on youtube. If you enjoy this show please do consider leaving us a review on apple podcasts or oye podcast. Also you are say hi to me on instagram twitter all of that stuff. I am at simon whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let 's get into it. Hello I 'm simon west earlier you 're watching top internet. And in the video today. We 're looking at the top ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again everybody. I 'm dr. Steve brule this i 'm the principal of lincoln high central and your host for everything central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor ed central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a gpa of. And above today. We have a couple of those students with us beth wilson and george burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What i 'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you 've been involved with at central i 'm georgia burchfield. I 'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I 'm beth wilson and i 'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi i 'm wendy zukerman and you 're listening to science versus from gimlet. We 're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are about thousand cases and more than dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of china with more than countries now affected and we 're starting to feel it here in the us. Tonight the governor of washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the us. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least cases of coronavirus in states around the u. S Not just one or two or three.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will pop your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we would n't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It 's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with matt stokes of mount olive baseball and y'all do a special edition this week. We 're still be back for the regular podcast on sunday night but we had opportunity to talk with matt.
Roll it again. Probably britain 's greatest star wars podcast. You 're listening to the star wars session with matt hudson and luke bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to star wars sessions come for the star wars stay for the sessions. My name is matt. And ka achar jabba the hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the essex falcon is too great a star wars man fan and buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I 'm one of the co-hosts cam and i 'm here with eric and puts this feel even i live in ohio eric lives in michigan and we 're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we 're talking about dan schneider was the creator with a lot of nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were younger and we 're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there 's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to get into so there it 's going to start. All right. Yeah So like kim said dan schneider if you grew up in the late early he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo what 's going on guys rob here. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the app i 'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it 's free and there 's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership which is also great man. you got to get to where you 're going. So it 's everything you need to do all one place and to go to anchor on the app store anchored on fm online to get started let 's get in the madness. What 's going on everyone rob everything and yg. You 're welcome to episode of everything and yg 's madness. I 'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I 'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really do appreciate it. And i genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi i 'm coach cory wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today 's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously i 've got two good friends of mine. Dr Dominic deanna who you have met and then ashley miss ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it 's like talked about in my first book man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and keen each other 's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it i got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You 'll have your very own cube. Ooh i 'm john by rupert freaking. Oh yeah grits from germany. Hello and i 'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of ireland. So rupert what are we here to do so essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of qp you should or can consider when building your own right so.
Welcome back to the vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now. It is me jared and gabe the original crew. We have local bartender courtney nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you feel i 'd say a pretty we 're back to the roots. We 're going back to her roots. i 'd say the boys are back in town. That 's another good way to say. Yeah i 'd say that the dogs are who let the dogs out request would you say that i would n't have chosen to say it myself but you need okay yeah as long as you 're with me saying that i 'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and you got to fight for that right sure. It 's what i 've always heard always said it to live lives. I 'm concerned this town one word that 's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. bree and i became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at cal state long beach bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her bree also has a background in kinesiology which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball ncaa division ii at cal state east bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We 're going to dive into some of the ways in which she 's faced some really tough situations and she 's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I 'm really excited for you to hear her story and i apologize.
Welcome to by design. I 'm eating all church and i 'm bringing you human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I 'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it 's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and alignment you experience the flow. he 's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I 'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you 've never experienced it before. Let 's dive in hey guys welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today 's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today 's episode is all also sponsored by pray more novenas this lent we ca n't recommend enough the pray more retreat dot-org this online retreat will help you meditate on the lord 's passion death and resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this retreat most.
July was just another normal evening for george carrillo the year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend juanita lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the summer sun setting over san jose the largest city in northern california. But his life was n't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He 'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It
Good morning and welcome to the australian market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of march yesterday. We got the gdp data for the december quarter which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen. Up from. This means that gdp was up by. In december quarter this was larger than the. That economists were expecting. This does show that the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an s turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week 's episode is all about working away from the home mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since i stay at home with my kids sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some really messy parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you 're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let 's chat. Hey mamas sam and i 'm taryn and together. we 've created the messy mama pod because we 've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We 're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama 's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with cheryl and danny way to help you take your health fitness and wants it to the next level. It 's time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode of level up with cheryl and danny today 's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue does it i think it 's what we 've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we 've been saying movement is medicine. It 's cool to see everyone sharing the post that we put on the instagram page as well. Absolutely It 's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we 're here to really talk about something that i 'm super passionate about and i know you are too. Sli everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter well it 's your bread and butter but i 'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic You 're always welcome to come to the light. So today we 've set it up as a style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what 's the muscle that you 're trying to build in your meditation is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better you know what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It 's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers emily a body here bringing you episode of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where i sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they 've gotten through. Some of life 's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey what 's going on guys welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show coming to you on this friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of you and we 're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for something like that because a lot of you have asked a jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development well books to recommend for nutrition. So i 'm going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are in the forefront of my mind right now nagase ca n't sure every book that i 've read and listened to over the past years but i 'll give you guys a pretty good list and i did a version of this a long time ago which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of i say quote unquote real work to do but i will get to this but if you hear me say something and you did n't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back you know to.
I might still be using photoshop to this day. If it was n't for the fact that someone created pics insight and i happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of professional observatories is just mind-boggling i think. Please welcome everybody sean nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from ontario canada and he runs a website visible dark dot ca and he also has a youtube channel visible dark astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let 's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We 'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of malaysia flight still remains unsolved through documentaries press releases and feature films millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on the disappearance of check out our conspiracy theories podcast every wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world 's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March evening in the polished halls of kuala lumpur international airport passengers wait to board their.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now ladies and gentlemen here we are on the bachelorette have to show low here on afterbuzz tv this was an episode of television right yes and we 're here to talk about this episode. we love our audience and we will give you our opinions here on afterbuzz tv. this is yall 's first time tuning in welcome to the bachelor after show here on afterbuzz. Afterbuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on tv. And this is of course your bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should said yeah. I am so stupid. I 'm surrounded by geniuses but i 'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef graham huge bachelor fan huge reality tv fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here but me christine be next. I call her our bachelor insider of course she writes as perez hilton the two of the.
Hey guys welcome to the last three digits where we 're talking about money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did i do n't also much what you mean by are usually gas by the middle amounts and this is probably why girls do n't go for a higher salary in all right. Yeah you see one of your tracks you look like you 've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what i do n't know who you think you are. You think you 're better than us. No
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now. It was the buzz. what is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is mike feeling. We 're here. We 're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel i am over here by myself on the team married side but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of team single inside your belly. It 's yeah.
This week on aliens like us and i 'm not admitting to it but i may have accidentally bribed a chinese guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello Hi i 'm reese derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and ethan hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time. We 're going to discuss ancient aliens. That 's like old aliens in us. Yeah you guys heard about this ancient astronaut theory. Oh yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah It 's a thing. There 's a tv show called ancient aliens. Yes and of erich von.
In a world where two people god in a podcast for too early for this but their cat in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done no let me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background that 's our kitten nona if you have n't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they 're bad. They 're not good. Like they 're not funny. Oh my god. so we do n't even want to marry me. I do n't know.
leo phillips host of this must be the gig we 're our weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast network welcome to another edition of kyle meredith with the interview series presented by w fp k @ w fp k dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What 's up everybody this is gavin from the deer hunter. You 're listening to the very first official episode of the mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on november at st. Mark 's episcopal cathedral in seattle washington. You 're going to hear a very condensed version of that show live from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and i should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will enjoy. Wow Hello Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for tuning in. This is the hawkeye outdoors podcast. We 're no longer hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of that and everything else. So we changed the name hawkeye outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like i do when you 're on a plane or wherever you 're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on instagram. If you have n't done so already be sure to download the spotify app and search for d. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. control is the thing wherein i 'll catch the conscience of the king control is the whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody Welcome to our first episode you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few sites but it 's the first full one so welcome and i have a mic this time. It does n't sound like i 'm talking on a cell phone you know across the world. So we 're professional now but she was not doing that. It just was a bad mike. No but my sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world but that 's a story for another time. So you 're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes you go first girl. So i 'm ria from berea the arcade on instagram and my online which east or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I 'll be cheering with you an excerpt from the purpose driven life. Sharing the benefits of a purpose driven life and also engaging you in a meditation of hope there are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi c season and i 'm lisa marie and i 'm andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So andy take it away. I 'm going to be reading a poem by one of the lisa and my favorite poets christina rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called i dream of you to wake by christina rossetti. would that i might dream of you and not wake but slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night i blush again who look one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am tyler. I 'm brian and the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There 's no premise right now. We have a loose. Concept but the biggest thing that i think this is founded on we found there 's just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we 're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So we know what i was thinking. What were you thinking we should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is daniel winter and my co-host is andrew monroe in each episode. We 're going to explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day on earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we 'll be covering introductions for daniel and i where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay andrew what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow if i was going to die tomorrow i would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know i 've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I ca n't remember where the guy.
Hey guys poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad 's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well that 's simple we 'll use anchor it 's free. It 's easy to use and i just love it. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that i 'm out i can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It 's so flipping easy. Love it. And what else makes it really interesting and cool is anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So itunes spotify you name it and it 's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started now let 's roll.
Podcast what 's good do you eat food that is a very simple question i have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be gourmet stuff like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to yummy tex. Com yummy why you mmy tex. Com gourmet foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex. Com mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up podcast for today 's episode gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and i hope you enjoy. Hey guys it 's gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That 's right. I 'm back with another episode of med school radio and we 're looking at some more educational objectives. Let 's get right to it starting with fragile x syndrome. this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile x. Mental retardation gene and that is on the long arm of the x chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile x mental retardation gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly v and podcast form. So please hit me up on twitter gary vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the w in there as well so i can see your feedback on weekly. Please hit me up with some feedback on twitter on how you like listening to the vlog and if you 're not watching the vlog it 's youtube. Com slash garyvee with double. He 's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up podcast today 's episode is from a recent phone call that gary had with pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review and i hope you enjoy a story i 'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so i find your linkedin post looking for.
Hello beautiful people welcome to god is gray the podcast although i as a christian believe that god resides in absolute truth in black and white. as people are stuck here on planet earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform i welcome open dialogue of opinion and differing belief systems gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me brenda marie davies at god has gray xo @ gmail. Com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon. Com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when i created this podcast. I
actually i actually did n't have the mic in my hand. So I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry i like sandpaper. It 's all right. yeah so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a hiatus we just were busy. Yeah Sorry not a hiatus. That means we 're like temporarily broken up. It 's a short break. Okay spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta hai sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper authority podcast me. But i guess that 's cool gary research keyboard press the cuyahoga here but a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi kiya jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page carnegie such he coaches keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with erica nene in god amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction a re-election hota hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker gable. Oh he dropped below severe katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina i 've got some transgender. Ski sexuality guevara me i deserve all hey tofu steak uni spotify originals presents data ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud hydra for the hunt.
What is up guys chandler crump here talk about anchor if you have n't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It 's free like free. Like no money. Like you have to pay any money none. It 's free. He 's great. He 's awesome too. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super simple super easy. You do n't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It 's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello you 're listening to barbra explores the podcast which will carry you where you will meet. Today 's european jazz singers. this wonderful tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than years. I 've had the opportunity ever since to learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and keen audience. I 've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you 're listening on spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today i 'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we 'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the mlb is in a really weird weird place right now considering the astros just cheated their way into a world series and it 's possible that the red sox did as well. And i do n't really know what to think at this point but i 'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So to put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We 're counting down the top sports scandals of the past years in this episode were journeying back to and the shocking shooting following the colombian national team 's loss in the world cup. It was a slip up by team captain andres escobar that cost columbia the game and days later escobar 's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in right your everyday to our march madness special listen free on spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June for minutes into columbia second match in the world cup american midfielder. John harkes closed in on colombia 's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone welcome to season of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon. Com slash nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what nori knots are reading that week be a part of a nori book club get special access to nori events. Go take a look at patreon. Com nori podcast for what we 're offering and in that spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that you know we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we 'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you 'd really like to see but it is n't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at nori. Com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter which you can find at nor e. subscribe and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys welcome to the ladder talk. This is john. It 's been a while since we had episode with just me and gerard so today we 're going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we 're flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that 's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay if you can sell a wolfman for all the power to you. I do n't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I 'm your host justin boon to leave fantasy analyst at the score. The nfl combine is over. We 're recording this on monday morning. So at this point we 've at least had a couple days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that 's what we 're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And i know i said this on last week 's show but you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the dash times. It 's just an example but they 're / like fractions of a second. So that should n't make you wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So i want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the election. We 're counting down the biggest scandals in american political history. This is number carol hubbard junior. The former congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and congressional staff for personal use year old former congressman carol hubbard junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the fbi the past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky agents from the bureau had been poking around his finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter hubbard thought he 'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the fbi. Investigate lobbying in libya then they 'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know i 'm the heart guy and had i talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why that 's important. And that 's what today 's episode is all about me and had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago. I have n't been publishing the podcast as frequently as i would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I do n't know exactly what that schedule is. There 's a lot of moving parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon either you 'll find it because you 're subscribed and you 'll get notifications or because you 'll be following me on instagram. I 'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters enchanted where we chat magic hot topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of the magic on the inside podcast. I 'm sarah head magic maker at the sisters enchanted where we aim to help women all over the world more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the world of true crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We 're exploring the most fascinating true crime themes covered across the park cast network. We 've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas like motivation method and madness and show how interconnected the true crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We 're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist robert fain in conjunction.
Well fuck is always saying how you see you just ca n't do why ca n't we.
This episode is brought to you by metro mugs. Today is march the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we 're doing good andy hot hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed denson the founder of devon. he 's got an incredible story but what 's the best part about this whole thing is you wo n't believe what this man 's actual name is and hint it might not be. Mr Devon He 's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the university of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we 're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely Let 's hit it.
Hey it 's anthony again. And i 'm serious. When i say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We 're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you 're interested download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and i 'll help you promote it to ave maria.
Hey what 's up welcome to city boy rock podcast. This is episode. I 'm vincent rim. I 'm sure it 's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with the scion versus lebron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got the nfl. We got the beef between james harden and giannis antetokounmpo. Yes sir mvp race and then be a and finally talk on it. We 're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co hey what 's up tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody all week here in maryland. Looking forward to this week but it 's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between lakers in the pelicans lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. Lebron showed up big and.
And answer questions to. Hello Oh hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of september the first let me just see. Yes we have both rooms available that evening. There 's our main hall that 's got seating for people or there 's the charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom ch ar. Lt o n that 's got seating for up to. Well we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we 're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so i think we 'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost let 's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It 's like a pinchot after dark but it 's a podcast. I 'm kat palmisano and i 'm john feelin. Welcome to the leaky nib episode. Hey john. Hey catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It 's terrible. We usually record in advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we 're recording it. Yes Yes I 'll be editing in the air on the way to baltimore. When do you leave thursday morning fabulous. Oh gross. Well what are you drinking john hmm ice mountain cloud castle spring water very classy it. We 're again recording at a normal time. Noon What are you drinking ii brought a bellini.
Welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild power alexander pope and shawnee hugo wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we 're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the wonder woman complex and that looks like for women who work at to and how do they connect to their cycle when they do n't have the time.
Hey it 's deanna from midwest chicana. And i am here to tell you about the amazing app. I 'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and i heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because i thought at first oh my gosh i want to do a podcast. But how am i going to do it i have no equipment. I have no money and i want to ensure that all our voices out here in the midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money especially when you do n't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it 's absolutely free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you 're ready i 'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to priority role and age of sigma podcast from sonny england. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the mortal realms grab your and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to priority roll. My name is dan. And today i 'm joined by the one and only ben curry to talk about battletoads. How are you ben i 'm fantastic. Thank you. It 's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when i listen to podcasts so is it time to so it 's like why are you speaking so slowly maybe i should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me you know get the full effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right so what we 're gonna be doing today is we 'll be talking about battle tones but not a specific battle zones bad.
It does n't make me afraid i did not injure myself. So i do n't need to worry that there 's damage. And anyway this is just what i 'm feeling and i know it 'll pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which i think is so cool. Hello everybody today. We are joined by jenna and she 's one of my clients and she 's actually turned into quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and i working together where she 's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you ca n't stand also perhaps we 'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for icy hot those lyin motherfuckers. They 're just making mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah it 's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah like it 's normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal jesus you know jesus. Yeah I ca n't wait either. I 'm gonna see ya. I 'm going to see a little my hole with a little jesus in there. Yeah I have all the power say that a normal voice one you alda power god. Damn it man. Guess i 'll do some intros everyone here knows mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I 'm them and i 'm johan and this week. We 've got a new segment i guess. Yeah so i guess we 're going to try and just talk about something reason that 's happened in the news and i think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was donald trump and modi had a little chat together. So trump went to india. Oh yes trump went to india and then when he was there i mean okay look before these i know everyone like beats up on trump all the time and we 've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah but like this is hilarious. So i think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You 're talking about sachin tendulkar and virat kohli right yeah and i mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them which is good. I mean who 's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about cricket yeah. That 's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay you said.
Hey steven lead pastor of jesus is alive cmb. Thank you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today 's teaching in carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow jesus like never before let 's go check out today 's message. I believe marceline. Is something that would really define who we are as a church and i just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because i believe in deeper taco something in uncertain. May god go in and bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the holy spirit to be in our midst who can you play my bible books and putting matthew chapter verse and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under. It was a cold and rainy january night in a low oregon a suburb just outside of portland linda slauson a pretty year old woman made her way up a dimly lit street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to aloha from rochester minnesota looking for sunshine and an easy west coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated linda paused under a street lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I 'm your host scott knudson call today. I 'm talking with natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at cupertino high school and a national euphonium player in natalie 's first three years of performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the california junior high at all-state honor band choose accept into the california allstate honor bound and ranked as one of the top high school euphonium players in california. Most recently natalie has been accepted into the honorbound of america the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer natalie 's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now the also has a band memes account called youth he 's life which has thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today 's episode the hottest take is brought to you by philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It 's the schmear. That 's perfect for spreading on your morning bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That 's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello welcome to the hottest take my name is chris ryan. I am joined by roger sherman craig gains and tyler parker and tyler you have the floor. Southwest airlines is the best airlines. Yeah what 's up okay southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by southwest airlines best airlines. Yeah It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh I 'm not a doctor or a lawyer you know. Yeah i hear ya senators son. Yeah right. I 'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why shaggy are first of all i would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to anchor todd fm to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys you know publishing podcast was so easy. If i had only known it like five ten years before early because all i need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and i do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. if you have some come content which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara Now my skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my agatha.
Hello everyone. This is adam meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt meister. Welcome to the one bitcoin show. Today is march the strong hand long-term. Thinking bitcoin is the bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You 're welcome bitcoin. We 're going to talk about that today relentless. This is your home for bitcoin insider information. I 'm offended by selling do n't fomo on alts. Hello my elite friends. How you doing today baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they 've asked me if i tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think it 'll change your life. changed my aunts life changed everybody 's life. So i was down at my cousin skeeter shop. But today i walked in there and i was trying to steal couple parts because my ford ai n't working right and skeeter walk in he did n't know i was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like hey bud. I got something i need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said i want to tell you about something that i found out if you have n't heard about it. I think it 's wrapped right time. You did. He says it 's called anchor and it 's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and i was like well that 's like skeeter. All right. Well you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode of murphy 's law. This is charles murphy hanging out as always with charles villanueva. We 're super excited today. We 've got a couple cool things to talk about including an interesting scoop on mandalorian season but first we gotta check in with charles and see what 's going on over in the philippines. much is going on still saying the coronavirus care still happening but we 're still standing here. So let 's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah So this is an interesting one and something i 've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that charles and i watched the mandalorian for season mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we are n't usually in the business of getting star wars scoops of any kind and so before i share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time proverbs. I read a story recently about a year old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article shared that over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she did n't have to give up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It 's encouraging to know that the bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view money in fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the bible including the verse from proverbs we heard today. Let 's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It 's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with athena calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative endeavors and every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking the road less traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and hoops. We all jump on this personal and creative journey. I 'm your host. Host athena calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do well it is and that 's exactly why we 're here every week. I 'm going to be sitting down with another multi - whom i admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That 's right. Now we are at war. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches you ca n't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it 's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta hai sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper authority podcast me. But i guess that 's cool gary research keyboard press the cuyahoga here but a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. kiya jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page carnegie such. He coaches keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or machinery okay filling an asura hogatha tv. Midoriko tina tomerson who 's pregnant titi titi.
If you have n't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good echo the fm to get started. Hi lynn richardson this is wealth talk. I 'm so excited about talking to you about money but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love theology and health because i believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It 's about establishing harmony in your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and i pray that the word of god you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. episode number to this word will be read from john verses through. As the father has loved me. So have i loved you now remain in my love. If you keep my commands you will remain in my love just as i have kept my father 's commands and remain in his love i have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as i have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one 's life for as friends you are my friends. If you do what i command i no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and i hope you enjoy this one. If you have n't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It 's totally free that 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify up a google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It 's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to anchor fm to get started. Hey what 's up guys today we have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that i think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys you 're listening to two and a half molly 's. I am use of muhammad formerly known as a bug 's ear anymore. i 'm doing good. What are you guys saying my name is holly. I 'm formerly known as your hawaii 's favorite. That 's what i 'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways my name is mario for media formerly known as malcolm shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque number.
You 're listening to the buying graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on youtube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you 're out walking the dog or driving the car where it 's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let 's get into this episode. So today 's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of walt disney on today 's popular culture and collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work walt disney once famously said that laughter is america 's greatest export but well it is actually travel and transportation with billion dollars in sales but sale of intellectual property including tv and movies.
The bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when rachel lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist dms that i certainly wo n't be repeating the second was handled tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on reddit passionate bachelor nation fans think it 's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at the bachelor show runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You ca n't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up victoria 's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all is n't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What 's up guys my name is charles. I 'm one of the interns here at college christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast and i 'm joined by powell taylor. girl i 'm doing so good. Good We 're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today 's podcast with taylor where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you it started in high school. I could see it sprouting but i had a good community there but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in college well i came to missouri southern i go to missouri southern but i came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother but i did n't really know a lot of.
This episode of a smr bedtime stories is sponsored by inger. It 's the easiest way to make a podcast and it 's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my bob cast right from my phone. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone welcome back to our podcast and we 're taking a look at the gospel reading from today 's mass and then we 're going to try and provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today 's reading is from matthew chapter verse to. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But i say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record edit. Plus they 'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including spotify apple podcasts and google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it could n't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello my darling and welcome to today 's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is freddy recorded in freddy with poles and some killed her today. We 'll be talking to jane louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run brewery in australia and also joined by matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this sunday of march. At freddy when polls at p. M To celebrate international women 's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I do n't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We 're featuring the first of our two episodes on michelle carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend conrad roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide is she responsible for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about so it 's like this follow crimes of passion free on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under the age of year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how i have one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I 'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of distributing too many different platforms including apple podcasts and spotify. And now not only is anchor easy to use but it 's profitable with anchor it 's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you 're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. it does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the michael and channing show. So i had a thought jenny. Okay My thought was i 'm here. Maybe it 's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who are n't listening in the morning good night for another episode of my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no jay whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We 're really glad you 're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play hey for all of you that have n't done this already. We 'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That 'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you 're listening this morning you can follow us on instagram. We 've got a facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today 's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a day free trial at www. Sceeto Com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iphone android kindle or player. Before we get into today 's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder juliana featherman from episode of adventures in autism. She is an autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships. Com
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and shout out our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor but if you have n't heard about anchor here 's what you need to know. It 's the most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on spotify apple podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it 's free. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the true crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to irish illustrate insider. It is friday march we witness nor dame 's first spring practice on thursday march. And thank god. I do n't know about you guys. But those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if i skip one. Yeah give me something to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we 're answering august questions in february. i know but yeah i mean everybody 's interested in that stuff and that 's what we do but it 's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start in book because and pete i saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and i put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived i thought yesterday and we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list but ian but i mean i thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all welcome to revive podcast. I 'm your host hannah od worn in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright Hey everybody today. my good friend will with me on the show. What up he is from texas. Yeah good to have a fellow southerner here with me. That 's right. But today we 're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast Today is sponsored by dr. David romani for the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the merit sadaqa and words of tourism. Simcha but sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by lindsay and shlomo three so in loving memory and lena shmatte my grandmother sarah dorrit farhi but a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by do n't have shalom family robert. robert i rabbit a rabbit this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the jewish people and what do you command in the jewish.
Becomes louder he 's one-on-one with hands like spins on child 's head shepard was asking this is a clinic. This is aztec basketball. What 's up as tech fans welcome to the aztec breakdown podcast. My name is tyrone. I 'll be your host. I 'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like i 've said today the plan is you know i really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that i wanted to talk about. And you know i woke up this morning and i still did n't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on twitter saying hey let me.
Good morning and welcome to another mini monday episode of crime over coffee. We 're your hosts. I 'm erica and i 'm abby today. I 'm going to tell you guys about the florence hair salon murders in montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a comment for us and we 're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a strong cup of joe and let 's dive in on november a customer is pulling into the hair gallery in florence montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at a. M She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect a killers crimes a march. A man was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got the dna he needed. So if you like your coffee hot but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on may. Year old tina elizabeth. Kim Brew was murdered inside of her texas apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for center fans. Great star wars discussions are on the way. But first let me tell you about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first. It 's free. That 's the truth. It 's free and there 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about spotify on spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You do n't even need a premium account spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you 're listening to right now for center talking about star wars spotify also has a.
testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today i hope you had a good day. We 're using the mic this time. So you 're welcome for that. Yeah except it 's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You 're some like that 's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa Um we 've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay That was fun. What are we going to be doing today leon not drugs those are.
What 's going on on my premature millionaires i want to take a second to talk about anchor if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this one i put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys welcome to the breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by anchor if you are n't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well if you are n't aware of what it is. It 's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to itunes and the various different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a computer. It 's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place. So please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to anchor or fm to get started. michael how 's it going hey bro i 'm good. And it 's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me man. I think i just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So
Yes Hi I am calling this number because i saw it on a bathroom wall. See if your brandy greetings earthlings you 're listening to brandy is going to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have adam breeze of raven with us but before we hop into that i just wanted to go over i sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think i came up on the last. Episode saying that i do n't remember what i got. My boyfriend for valentine 's day mentioning that i write thoughtful cards out but i personally think i 've trumped his romantic capability is because i got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and i also got him star wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by runners for runners we go to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we 're passionate about run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I 'm your host. Mcintosh and i 'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and i 'm joined here by laura rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us at facebook. Com slash and draw stronger and on instagram and twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our facebook community by visit group on our page and sending us a member of west if you 're enjoying the show please please please leave us a review on itunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of finding fergus who is fergus you may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when i was seven years old nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten natan a sty fergus ace qbert boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and i 'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we 're looking for nate nasty or finding fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and i 'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when i get my sad boy moments. I 'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what 's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with aiden pregnant and claire gallaher. We are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We 're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what i 'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because i just went to revisit it a wee bit and i realized so much of this stuff. I did n't realize i was doing since i read this book but it just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because i was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the texas integrated. Hmm What is this vector is the question. Okay So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode i did n't even use it. I know i do n't even think we get past the faustian and right so hello. Hi Hello Oh the fox. I thought the voice of god special guest for have n't eaten the sexy. Lift my english the funding. What are you here for the title of the show some pisco rational brought up but english on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right so bend as our guest. Yeah ben tell us who you are and who you are nick. I 'm a sexy ban the english translator for all the non scottish listeners. Yeah
Hey guys it 's jeff hammer or your law of attraction coach with the dominating edge today. We 'll speak about the benjamin franklin technique. So stick around when i was a kid. Kid growing up in minnesota. Oh maybe i was about or years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether i wanted to accept an offer to play in the school 's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and orchestra although i was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You 're listening to legends cast a podcast about the cards the meta and the community of legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of legends cast visit patreon. Com slash legends cast. Let 's do this. Hello and welcome to legends cast a podcast about the cards the meta and the community of the legends of runeterra. I 'm one of your host mark looks or the lift outside of pittsburgh pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and i could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time and it meant that we were unable to record. In
Really quickly we recommend listening to this show on spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you 're listening to with your friends on instagram so if you have n't done so already ready be sure to download the spotify app search for optimal health daily on spotify or browse podcasts in your library tab. Also make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of optimal health daily. This is optimal health daily episode the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by rachel trotta. Com And i 'm your host and narrator. Dr Neil Hey they 're happy middle of the week wednesday and welcome back to optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the pediatric section on ortho bullets. pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. Of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than years old are mostly high.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called the unlucky at lap record but it 's fun time with you. See for forward all of it was a leprechaun named lenny lenny. The leprechaun lenny was the unluckiest leprechaun in the whole wide world. He did n't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in step up and step podcast the puff and steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this tuesday. For those of you who do n't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped today and i 'm sure you know about it. I do n't know how much time you 've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So i think it 's time you have any idea when talking about the new bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured we 'd talk about it. Yes I 'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she 's trying to be famous you think so let 's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most sinister. I cannot defile seems my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You do n't need this right here. I promise you you want the moon just say the word and i 'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys this is joe. He 's a quick little intro on what you 're about to hear johnny got invited by one of our friends who 's a teacher at crutchfield nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked jonny to come in talk about culture and johnny kills it it 's really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically It 's really good. I hope you enjoy we.
You have reached every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you an urgent flamingo update. On the line. We have our flamingo correspondent hi this is flamingo biologists felicity. Arango from the american museum of natural history. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah they 're pretty badass. Yeah I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure I do n't know if you 're on social media but on twitter and instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes I saw it. It was you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah there 's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it 's attacking.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv. Hello and welcome to the svu after show here and afterbuzz tv. I 'm your host yell segal. I 'm here with taylor gates. Yes you are. your she ll. Oh and you 're the ceo season episode swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah it 's great. If you have n't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is six four six seven three one eight hundred six five six four six seven three please if you 've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There 's a car out there. You 'll love we 're here to help you find it. I 'm todd. I 'm paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that you got the lotus out the heating pads you 're happy for me. I 'm thrilled for you 're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory is n't out but just driving it period it honestly i last started it the day after christmas because i had to get it out of the garage and having some work start start. I 'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night was the day after christmas. So that 's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way where there 's one thing. I mean i could tell mean granted it 's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to talking tom. Like i 'm one of your hosts hard and a husband here with my friend and i brutaka and gordon believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the daleks our last page of rough road today. We thought that i know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today 's death. it 's really just part of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is really the first topic that 's on the top. I 'm already ivanhoe levi collins opaque and such trash to add del canto the colony club meeting asha asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers netter just talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at pna on twitter is netter. Just talking to teachers welcome to this week 's dale is nasa in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by john kat educational. So we have a strip back lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it 's me and rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it 's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that i 'm recording especially early in the week this week because i have just been recording a couple of epic podcast. So as i 'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to daisy krista.
Hey yeah do you like thinking no. Well sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah How about having fun of course well then we 've got the podcast for you. We are dude for thought come join us as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey if you 're listening to this you know how podcasts to work go ahead and subscribe and episode will be out soon. Thanks Bye
All right it 's going what 's our podcast even called. I thought i do n't know. We 're just kidding about that. I 'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey i got a couple issues for we do n't have a low blow but we do n't have issues or just so we 'll just call it the tim and chris donna podcast for now of course town and tim podcast which ever one sounds better. We 'll figure it out. I do n't know. Hi i 'm christina. tim our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey you know we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we 're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey you know might as well try to start a podcast you know maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We 're going to talk about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the plaid mode model s and plasmid model x on tesla by this is something i 'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we 're talking about this new track package that came out for the model. It 's like a upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model which already cost grand and then you pay five and a half grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It 's gotten some awesome reviews. So that 's a really cool thing. And i was just thinking like wow there 's so much opportunity for tesla as sort of this luxury performance brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of die hard fans and like tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example but what i think is an even bigger example of this trend and what 's really going to happen in late.
It 's brock sale from the bronx tale podcast. And today i 'm going to be telling you about my favorite app which is anchor. It 's the best app to use for any type of podcast. It 's free. It 's easy. You can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast it does n't just go on acre. They post it on spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast i think this is episode. I do n't know how many episodes i 've done. This is braden. It 's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who yeah i do n't think anybody lists the rest does n't matter. Yeah fuck it. We 're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they 're picking it seven then that 's where we pick christian mccaffrey.
Hello how 's it going it is friday march already time flies when you 're having fun. Is n't that right having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice feel good friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with kyle rudolph who breaks down. V play from the new orleans saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also aaron jones in the green bay packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We ca n't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you should n't use q-tips and more i use them. I use q-tips all the time. I love me too. there 's a war on q-tips by the way though because you know the hand against q-tips is that you push it in there and you already got a burst ha ha joke 's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast if so look no further. If you have n't heard of anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Literally it 's free. There 's no monthly minimum. You do n't have to pay to host your content. There 's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you do n't have to mindlessly or in the sleep host your rss feed to spotify and apple and everywhere else. They 'll do it for you and you can make money. I 'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys it 's tina from the high of scishow. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It 's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It 's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms like google podcast spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. You 're listening to the high up sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is keen arrivals. I 'm a photographer by the day but i make most of my money by flipping cards and this show i 'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I 've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It 's your boy. Keen arrival is n't i 'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I 've noticed that too.
Do n't be maya because every payment you make droop a maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid bhai. I 'm promo. Anabolic valley can just use our code. That 's ku z az and me honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full kodak bad habit again. This is huge and you 're listening to good answers. Hi i 'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike millennials and address. Hello Makka bit behind. This is martin. This iris and this is huge and you 're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the know how much daddy buna you guys.
It 's our sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We 're counting down the top sports kindles of the past years. Today 's event comes to us from. When the little league world series was won by an unstoppable group of youths from the philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our march madness special listen free on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The little league world series is perhaps the most well-known event in international youth sports while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its year history. The tournament has been plagued by scandal.
Do n't read too much about coronavirus but read psalm. He clearly declares some over your life. No virus can prevail over the spirit of god plead the blood of jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close. The fault so do n't meditate and coronavirus. Do n't talk too much about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of already coming to india. I do n't know whether it 's going to come to hyderabad is not a good guest is that it kicked out of hyderabad right there is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How 's it going back to the disney college podcast. I 'm here with my friend cat cat. How 's it going say hi. Hello So on this episode man for episode is really funny because we 're just kind of diving. All right into it. We 're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we 'll call it vol but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened okay so i extended so i lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So i had seven roommates until i think it was may my original end date.
Chances are the tokyo olympics probably wo n't be canceled. But if they were just what would that look like well this is a very small part of what we are talking about in today 's episode. So let 's get things started. The coronavirus is the talk of the town right now and today i want to cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode i want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now for example ironically in.
Yeah brother do the intro bam. Hey who this is give me p frog. Hey guys welcome to the mm. Oh no show. I 'm sorry. It 's called ammo no photo show. Yeah you 're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin rap brother. i heard because i played it for you. This one 's for you man. I do n't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys welcome to the moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day but we were a gangster rap podcast. We would n't make it. No No we 'd do n't get enough social door - yeah you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway i love snoop dogg not awkward. So anyway homer want steve netflix. Yes natalie korea. You need to watch the history of rav of hip-hop because.
I 've never even been to oklahoma. I 'm pretty sure it 's where the wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that 's about what i knew of it. But now i know it 's also the ancestral home of two warring american factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I 'm your host emily edwards. What is it about this book that just gets it i mention it on twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist leslie gray streeter. How are you today i am really good. I 'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that i was embarrassed to say that i had. Never
Hi welcome to the tell me what you 're proud of podcast. I 'm your host. Dr Maggie perry. I 'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in clinical psychology. I 'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety ocd mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where my model for psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you 're proud of and i 'll help you become.
Hey there welcome to the mind meets body podcast a space dedicated to rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me maria sosa of holistically grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring health through the mind and body. This week 's guest needs no introduction. She is an author wellness consultant and self-care queen. She teaches workshops and retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words for wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today i affirm journal which i have to be honest has been the only journal i have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily wellness routine.
the whole truth and nothing but the truth you 're listening to think fags. When big bank and dj scream laughing first class is the voice of dj scream big bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast nobody. Welcome Welcome Welcome How you feeling bro feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It 's a conversation. This ai n't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It 's like talking to you know one of your partner and well why do n't women talk real talk but one thing you got to do we know you 're going to do is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that hmm okay. All right cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just talking about you and wrapping and being rapper and how you embrace certain parts of it but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit by the way.
You are listening to episode of these simple farmhouse life podcast today. I 'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and i met let 's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It 's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things natural health. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She 's since moved away and we have n't chatted in a while but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually she was already pretty into it whenever i met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she 's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize that i have not figured out yet which i need to do before i do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You 're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are those who benefit others so i 'm a thief and here i am. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right so i just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week 's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to this week 's episode of the podcast. It 's thursday man friday 's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that 's when you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before i get into this week 's episode. I just want to tell you that this friday march the. I will be in iowa city at gabe 's and then the next day of march the. I will be in detroit michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the e - a store. I 've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it 's okay to fuck up. Let 's get into this week 's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think y'all are going to like let 's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello madge fans and welcome to mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards ascension. So i 'm your host adam simpson and i am joined by terrie robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do i thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also terry how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the midnight express podcast to talk about the woo kang now we talked for almost two and a a half hours just about the wu-tang because b ches discussion of the hem caso back where they take it where he takes pages of material and talks about that for two hours was n't quite enough but the key mistake i made was i forgot that australian summer time and north american summer time do not occur at the same time. So like let 's figure out a time to record what will be good and i 'm like p. M Your time sounds good and i work backwards and like i can wake up at that point this portion is bloody. and then only later did i find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We 're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of true crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We 're exploring the most fascinating true crime themes covered across the park has network. We 've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas like motivation method and madness and show how interconnected the true crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We 're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist robert fain in conjunction.
Hi i 'm wendy zukerman and you 're listening to science versus from gimlet. We 're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are more than cases and over debt and the virus has spread fast outside of china with more than countries now affected and we 're starting to feel it here in the us just this week the world health organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it 's killing three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well why do n't you introduce yourself sure. So my name is cecilia beaux. I 'm.
Hello and welcome to mhs podcast celebrating international women 's day. Our podcast is based on elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and what we can learn from that elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe have n't gone to plan. So my name 's beth wilson marketing comes officer at mha and i 'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off neil blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at nha. So let 's get to it. So your first.
I 'm chico. I love pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I 'm hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I 'm marky filter. What 's that welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster rx. And good morning everyone. Good morning today hazel is not feeling very well queen hazel. And so he 's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she 's doing very well today and she 's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you do n't know the drill you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode got another action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That 's grace ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and the solution to our audio that is tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here tuesday after friday you know the dance by now. All right folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower. Cuts and nick 's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring advanced skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You do n't only two.
On the bank of the hudson river north of new york city sits one of the most notorious prisons in america sing in april. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in new york city alone. And that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row who had escaped the clutches of old sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the new york mob connected to over killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it 's the reason you do n't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It 's even more personal perhaps you 've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you 've even been the cheater but no you 've never cheated and you never will. right after all you 're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest youtube videos to go to youtube. Com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone and welcome back to our / petty revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today 's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I 'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when i was in middle school. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the navy so working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again thank you maggie. Okay um. What it was that again is after credit your credits. Okay after credit thank you maggie. I love you maggie. Okay Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is bryce and i 'm here with my co-host. Her name is carly. Hello Oh my gosh. Basically this is the first episode of our and we basically the end. Oh my god. Okay the basic structure. Is that every week we 're going to watch a movie depending on how we 're feeling.
Hi i 'm joanna. I 'm jd f. I 'm rebecca. erin and you 're listening to see and be seen this is a show where we 'll be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it 's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative fields. Also the time you 're here from us but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you 're interested in listening to this podcast be sure to check us out every second sunday of the month on spotify apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is hobie economy said oh cpc bank today. Let 's talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in february. This is a seven-year high a level not seen since january. The question of most people 's minds right now can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on september the record high of. Has not closed in his den or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in. Let 's take a trip down memory lane back in. The war was still reeling from the gfc the us has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and the business mentor comes in with enough experience experience of years. I 'm here to guide you join me as i go along you 're joining the words brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor hey have you heard about anchor dot f m-- you know when i began my podcast i 've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when i was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until i found what anchor dot f m is all about you know it 's so seamless so.
God that 's awful. Hello welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is luke. I 'm with me is charlie how you doing charlie did n't say the thing what the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we have because we 've done our guest. All right yeah. Well why would i say this if there 's no guests today that is true. We do n't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh okay. Yeah I was wondering when the guest was going to turn up. Oh yeah. No yesterday. Okay I thought it 'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter Yeah Yeah it 's wise i do n't know if you 've realized this but we 've.
Hey what 's up welcome back to the purple monkey podcast. We got a great show for you guys today beauty right boys beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We 'll the savage if that 's me. well or will the savage on this chord that 's great. That 's a big. Thanks very soon. That 's pretty savage so money update two episodes in we not the most fruitful episodes. I 'd say we 're at four dollars cents should chang we 're almost at five dollars and was a. That 's the point that i think we can probably go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah that 's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh maybe beefsteak say we can see ya takin darts at a dart for the marlboro man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we 've ever had that 's cool. It 's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong we would have to my tested fate. Let 's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we 're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we 're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover dna dna is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was rosalind franklin. Rosalind Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in london in the and went to one of the only schools that taught women about science when rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a and just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey this is steven furtick. the pastor of elevation church in this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see god is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you 're here today and i am going to go ahead you stand to read the scripture is verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we 'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today 's point of view acts chapter. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah To me he showed up. And so we probably wo n't get to.
You 're listening to phenomenology club radio. Hello and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club which is an interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that i create and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on our youtube page. If you 're interested in interacting with those as they happen live please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube. Com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month please visit our website at www. Ge Com club. Thank you for listening.
Hi i 'm andy herman the creator and owner of a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as i tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you 're serious about starting your own podcast you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- today to get started. Minutes a day days a year.
So before we jump into the episode we just want to let y'all know that the dead ass girls park would n't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That 's right. They give it to you for free but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere spotify google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to anchor that fm to get started. That 's anchor anc hor to get started now let 's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to amy klobuchar. Amy klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a madwoman if you 're not familiar with her she was n't particularly viable as a candidate it seems she got a shot. Someone say surprise. shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from the new york times along.
Yeah that 's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between peaks podcast. I am dave jackson joined by patrick meehan. Hey everybody and holler mullins. I am here. This is our season midseason recap episode. We 're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode i felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the season could have been its own.
Welcome to the stg talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals in the roadmap to. We are your co-host james and kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today 's stg talks podcast. Planning for resources islam takes years and probably another years to actually build it. So we always have to plan years in advance for a population years later you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it does n't end up working out for object data is currently a phd student at the university of british columbia in vancouver abhishek is pursuing a phd environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you 're interested in learning more about raising your vibration check out our show notes so three years. I started listening to you and i was in a transitional phase and i had a dream to start a business and i had been had that dream for about years and i think it was in my vibrational escrow and i worked hard and when i started listening to you i left a really high profile job and i started a business. And for two years i worked hard to get it off the ground and i was more lying than i 've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And i got so aligned and the business started and i got everything i wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than i could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that i did ask for saying that i wanted it and i want and i received it. Yeah and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know i 'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we 're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it 's like you ca n't even enjoy the success when you ask that question you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I do n't think it was enough because we just were n't having fun. When we were n't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know a lot of us joke the twitter can be totally useless that it 's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah but let me tell you about that time that twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily fortnight your daily podcast about fortnight. I 'm your host mikey aka mike. Daddy aka magnificant mikey. So today tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards unlocking t and tina. So that 's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right folks here. He is the big fella from the big north. We have brought him in once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous we asked alex last week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio it 's not ridiculous. I think it 's a good-looking suit. it 's like a mix of obama 's beige suit and a j. Crew model. It 's actually a j. Crew suit look that tyler this guy is dialed in and now what is the flower there it 's a lapel rob. you know it adds a little flare a little spice. and are you going to work right after this well yeah you keep getting me right before my work shifts. well so what we 're going to do here again we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out tuesday with animal planet 's forest galante we brought.
Hey what 's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the ike box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name is kj i said i 'll be your host and it 's actually going to be a solo pod today because the lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we 're going to talk a lot about the box first lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It 's on the lakers home turf at the staples center in los angeles. We all know what happened last time the lakers played the bucks got them good at the pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus lebron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they 're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp danny calm down. It 's time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere spotify apple podcast google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your podcast. I 'm talking about real easy money with anchor right no minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah melvin 's broadcasting at a combined weight of pounds representing boston massachusetts. They are the podcast world 's movie.
pearl witherington was years old an age when most girls would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and children pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling bicycle journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in france her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view german soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It 's heroines week. And today we 're talking about a courageous woman from a place called tasmania whose name was trouble nene. Tasmania is an island near australia. There 's a group of people the paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking nene was one of the palala people rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people but when she was young there island was attacked by invaders.
Tony you know what 's really exciting about this podcast. It 's going on. Well it 's the partnerships that we 've had and coming up in may of our partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I 'm so excited. I mean i think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it 's awesome. Right so while we 're at hair love retreat in may we 're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon because of course we going to be there with her love retreats. We really mega excited about that and we have elizabeth here and elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because acidity in the very schedule is city way they 're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah they 're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and miss elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome miss elizabeth and i 'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. even if you 've gotten a ticket it does n't matter chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There 's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig master jigs when in doubt go to jig masters. Com and use promo code. Pmf and save percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I 'm your host ryan miller.
It 's very funny because chris plant is recording in our new york city office right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run across the room. Like it 's a double dare challenge. Well do n't listen that 's part of the sort of you know rocks rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean that 's how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and i do need to dig around in there and then i do get if i say you know if i cuss too much then rosie o'donnell does shoot a koosh ball at me and i hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she 's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually i have a cone.
All right welcome scientists and first ever episode of the melody i 'm your host future and i 'm here with a guest today dover. He 's from the skirt and he 's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of melody our little silver. how are you doing today well ca n't complain gil. Dad I feel bad man after day work. It 's good to just come back and relax at home. All right so what do you think the goal is for the podcast honestly i have no idea. let me try to enlighten that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like i do when you 're on a plane or wherever you 're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on instagram. If you have n't done so already be sure to download the spotify app and search for d. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch the hour glass wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey this is elise and you 're listening to cool moms podcast. Not like a regular mom. I 'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all Thanks for listening. I have had some shit on my mind per usual that i wanted to share of one of which is the fact that i have literally not had a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and i think that 's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that i do n't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear rises the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria i 'm not ready for whatever he 's about to say. I 'm intrigued.
Hello everybody welcome back to the real madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in el clasico where real madrid were highly deserving any of their victory that takes them back to the top in la liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let 's pick a little bubbles water.
What 's up everybody welcome to episode of east end talks today. We 'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am i not posting the full week of workouts on facebook a week in advance and it 's simple reason really i just do n't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just ca n't make it. And that is how i want you to plan your week. I do n't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you 're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to achieve a well-rounded base of fitness across all domains of fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first it 's free. Then there 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify app a podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to anchor. Fm to get started alright what 's up welcome to another edition of is podcast. I 'm your host olympian kip wade johnson. Okay welcome to another edition of podcast on today 's episode. We have slovakia 's finest marcel. I 'm nikki the little engine i just made that up so.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the roman military during the first and second century bce. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record if you enjoy this episode and want to hear more tales of scandal murder and the unexplained check out par cast presents march mysteries you 'll hear episodes from some of your favorite park asked shows like medical mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow park s presents free on spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In the french ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian leon renier to algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the jillian game. Unfortunately martin rory the idiot podcast is n't here this evening. So we do n't really have a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They 'll think hey why do they support sunderland i 'm your host tom walsh and i 'm here with jim. Hello and matt. Hello joe once again as cried off because this time he 's got a nasty dark of coronavirus.
Hey guys i 'm isabella. I 'm bailey. I 'm sofia and today we 're going to be talking about tick tock and it 's road to success. So this app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people 's phones and it 's a really popular app and it 's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It 's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might know is charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay so a song that you guys might know that 's really popular. Is this song lottery if he was dancing on the camera on that one and so this one 's really popular and charlie develop. I actually created this trend so.
Greetings prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic 's will gain produced by games workshop. This is the second ever podcast i 've ever made. So i hope this is n't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So i hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I 've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway let 's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions that i 've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of basic ground to cover i 'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than i initially planned and you 'll probably notice a slight change in styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than i was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to quick read. Com app and download our app for free today. Summary of our content plan by miracle 'then written by leisha laurie and quick read narrated by alex smith. Introduction mira is making a big bold promise. She 's promised to give you a year 's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan you 've heard quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage float by the young son happened to notice a nice straw hat as it went downstream. he thought i 'll bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the hat floating upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy could n't stand it any longer and pointed out the hat.
A florida desiree and romi rain and you 're listening to people with laura and romy. It 's a whole big mouthful. Mmm Welcome to a mouthful with laura and romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah you just stumble in on this moment of genius. we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my shots and he was feeding me like you know something if wow it 's like the clouds open and you 're on mount olympus and it 's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that 's how people see us in their dreams now. It 's probably how they see you. do n't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that you 're a part of this. Oh it 's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we 're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like you know the gonzo 's. Well it 's usually gonzo a feature and that the ones were just bright light beautiful girl walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to the machinist therapy hotline as you can imagine when we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we 're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now but remember if you want to be involved do n't forget. You send us a dm. Send us your questions and we 'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today 's episode. Thanks i did the whole sort of winning the florida when the clear water went down. I like did miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one of those what 's it called like the everglades stole fan boat thingies whatever. Yeah and.
Hey guys it 's cake. Umm from smg and i 'm here to tell you about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more. It 's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or anchored on fm to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It 's whitney walsh and i have a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi You want to introduce yourself over there my name is katherine. I 'm excited to be whitney 's first guest. I 'm honored. Yay So catherine dances with me. I have n't said the name of our company because i mean i could but i ca n't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like i 'll probably accidentally say it but you know you can edit it. I recommended that just for like pr reasons i 'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah i just yeah i do n't know we danced at american ballet company. I think it 's amazing. That 's perfect. Can i say your full name yeah this is katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She 's getting.
Coming up on this episode of nintendo cartridge society. It 's the switches third birthday. And i do n't think we bought it anything. It 's dangerous to go alone. So the nintendo cartridge society goes with you. Welcome to nintendo cartridge society. My name is patrick ehlers and i 'm joined as always by my co-host mark mitchell. We 've got a good show for you. Today We 're going to be talking about the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and yacht club and then on thursday we 're going to be doing the legend of zelda a to z. But in the meantime mark how you doing i 'm doing great. Yeah i have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey i 'm jin and i love horror movie. yeah i 'm dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends high cuz he hates horror movie that i do and that 's why they call me the horror version. That 's the only reason we call them that i have not no other reasons that you know i know whatever whatever every week we take him through the encyclopedia of horror the bad the ridiculously jack frost 's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its depth of feminism. Yeah exactly. That 's what i do. That 's my thing. And i 'm the funny one our episodes drop on monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast network welcome to another edition of kyle meredith with the interview series.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all it 's free. Secondly they give you creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the script podcast. I 'm your host in a lie and i 'm a full-time reseller on ebay and poshmark. My store in closet name is elle. Duccio eld uch. Oh and you can find me on instagram and youtube as el dijo thrift. I 'm really excited about this week 's guest i had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys i 'm megan and i 'm sierra. Welcome back according to and in this week 's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It 'll be we have one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So march however i guess this is probably your weekly spotlight. We just finished. Well i finished all of my exams i have before spring break so next week. see your husband exam for a class that i 'm not in but it 's just like we 're really home free now we 've finished our last exam today which is so nice because we had like straight monday tuesday wednesday one exam each day. So i will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it 's really not like the hardest classes ever but it 's just kind of you know today and i 'm out of the way especially because now that i feel like i still do n't know my grades are any of them technically but i still feel like i did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about spotify on spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that 's for free. You do n't even need a premium account and that is great because let 's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you can share whatever you 're listening to with your friends on instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you 're like me you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you have n't done so already download the spotify app search for your favorite podcast on spotify or browse podcasts in the you are library tab. Also make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said let 's get into today 's episode. Hello everybody welcome to episode of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack master. Hi and welcome to the intro to royce john 's. Hey seth. Hey dustin what 's up not much. How has your week been it 's monday. i mean so far. it 's been okay. Well then well we have n't talked to since last week. Hey we 've texted. All that. Yeah but they do n't hear the tax that ca n't read that we 're talking to these people. i do n't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh we did go to peace tree. Yeah we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys welcome back to the good trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of such a good season chad hills. I am your host jay jones. I 've been rocking with you since season one. I 'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have miss janice. and trouble. Yes i 've been watching the posture since i was in high school. So like the og posture is n't good trouble fan. Yeah and she brings you your news and your gossip miss lauren hubbard. how are you guys doing i 'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast do you have something that you feel like you want to share i know brandon and i toss different ideas around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and i 'll tell you why first of all it 's free. You can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or from your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out on spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it 's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here 's what you need to do. If you 're interested go download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That 's anc hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on mental health with bracken level and brandon paxton. This is bracken level today and we have a very.
Hi this is megan and this is kimberly and welcome to room. So for our first episode we 're going to get into the movie carrie the original old school one from. So i 'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother 's favorite. So i think it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when i was about nine or ten which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But i turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let 's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You 're listening to the jelly donut podcast. ryan your host join me as i talk to the best and brightest and an economics will go beyond just theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we 'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello this is your everyday positivity on vale. My name is kate kocher today. I 'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband 's grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We 've not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and i wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today i know we 're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we 're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today i want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life but i want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today We 're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That 's exclusive to spotify. It 's on apollo missing tapes. It 's a really fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from apollo slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on spotify. On july millions of americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor walter cronkite presented some of history 's most legendary footage neil armstrong year-old american standing on the surface of the moon. The apollo moon.
testing testing olive sarah. Welcome back to bff which stands for not best friends forever. I 'm saying what it 's not and then i 'll see what i 'm molly. Oh my gosh. sarah and episode were just talking about how we can believe it would made it to episode but i was telling a lie feels like it 's been like years for me. Yeah Yeah does n't it feel like it 's been a while. Yeah because i 'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That 's crazy every other week or every other week. That 's insane. That 's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
what do i do we doing this are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes i am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait he 's like got vomit on his sweater already mom 's spaghetti. Yeah Yeah Yeah Hi All right was listening that i 've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the british version yeah. It does n't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah not really. Hey everybody. Hello Welcome to i just gulped water into the mic. I 'm thirsty. Welcome to why do i like this episode yes. Yeah Yes what treasures bring you to the table my queen well but do n't tell me yeah you know gives a buildup. I
Welcome back. You 're just in time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each tube. It 's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We 're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds her name was sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in england a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs but that did n't hold sarah back when she was just a kid sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on the planet podcast we do n't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually it 's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our darkest hours when we ca n't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we 've only been planted.
You 're listening to a purple radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a colgan and loose and berkeley the instep presidents oh yeah and of course we 've got a lot of things to talk about we 're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay i 'll go first. Hi I 'm hannah colgan a second year from hill bead studying physical geography from london. Yeah that 's it. That 's great. That 's great. That 's perfect. That 's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi I 'm lucy. I said i 'm not sure sciences. I 'm also a second-year student from hill beard. Me and hannah live next door to their last year. Yeah and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What 's up friends puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We 're doing this really cool thing right now with cbd american shaman of pa. They want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like do n't like questions things like that. Basically you 're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some cbd products from cbd american shaman epa and then you 're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and steph facebook page and it 's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you 've tried cbd products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how this compares maybe you 're just curious. earlier maybe there 's something specific that you 're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin derek lawrence. God bless you derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap dope is not affiliated with aa or any step program. We support people 's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a live and let live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello ladies and.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place so let 's try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and i was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then i look at that body and had face and i had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and i like.
You 're welcome back to my has road. This is n't the third episode of the series and when you 're still getting that 's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit but most importantly. I want to talk about mary 's. Did n't know when i should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about mary 's and all the shit that 's happened in that school that made me who i am today. It 's like now mary 's. Mary 's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome to girls club a space where you 'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I 'm angie white and i 'm shelby diaz and you grams twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that 's discussed. And we 're here to share all that. We 've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast. So shelby nangi here and i wanted to give a little shout out to miss perry who 's listening every week and i wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when i was little and i have a shout-out to perry the platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is on disney channel and here 's some for us. Yes Oh yeah hey where 's perry he 's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now i 'm down in tribeca right next to the narrow but i 'll be hood forever. I 'm living sinatra. And since i made it here i can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast tyler and sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I 'm very excited about you sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah i would almost consider this like kind of one of the first like not real episode but kind of now diving until like actual key concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So i mean we 'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and i 'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that obviously there 's a difference between gold and idea like you know tyler what are you talking about so i 'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we have found to be true and we 've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey what 's up guys the pusher here. And if you have n't heard about the anchor app let me explain a few things because it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. That 's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is that it 's free. That 's correct. You do n't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also there 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your ipad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you do n't have to worry about it. It can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That 's a and ch o r dot fbi.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I 'm your host to read and i 'm the creator of love positivism. I 'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of chinese medicine a reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week 's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful in this moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You 're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It 's okay. It 's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You 're right except it 's live to neck. Yeah that 's about it. I got it live to live to knock exactly and well welcome to this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we 're just gonna go with the flow. That 's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I 'm just saying go with the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey chelsea who are you hey i 'm great. olivia what 's going on oliveira.
Britain from ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole grow up. welcome back. That 's to the village street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. we can go again once i got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to harry 's podcasts late straight. How are you all hosted by mitchell john van vliet. John van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to harry 's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we 'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention stitch craft racing for all your atv.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There 's a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So i 'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a monday edition of the shotgun start. It is march andy how brandon did good. Just
Forty-seven point loss to the dockers cancel var d in kennedy play in the same team record membership number in march will we during the australian by the end of the season who 's locked themselves in for round one what do we want to see against brisbane in marsh series game two and a fantastic win against last year 's premiers the crows in the afl. we discuss this and more on the blue bag is welcome to the blue bag has i 'm andy. I 'm here with chris. chris yeah i 'm going well how you doing andy really good. Thank you apologies that we 're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we 've been able to catch up apologies wo n't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up welcome back to the crews podcast. I 'm joined today with david starr co-ack. Well yeah at a very special guest or a perry. Thanks is he all right. So how you find in six from the moment because we have n't really talked over the yeah. It 's been pretty good so far but you know obviously there 's good moments and bad moments but overall it 's been just all right. Yeah Okay Well yeah. Anything you 've enjoyed the most i guess one thing that i 've you know kind of felt happy about is like you know people you know accepting me for who i am because yeah you know in case you 're listening to this and you somehow to know i came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey what 's going on everyone you got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor You know what i 'm not computer savvy or tech savvy but very easy to use you know what links up to spotify apple podcast and so forth you know when the biggest thing i love about it is the fact that it 's free. So download the free anchor app and go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have jake and paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello believers non-believers and everyone in between you 're listening to stories with sapphire. I am sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it 's story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where i 'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail. Com This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon. Com slash stories with.
Well good afternoon guys it 's jack russell here with my channel festival selections. We 're going with day one. The tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We 've got shishkin at five to two astro and phalange abracadabra change warehouses noise and then we 've got my pick a last to nick ends and seconds during the race with jeremiah mcgraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main market while i was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they 've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season he filed his first start over the obstacles at ascot last year very well back.
That 's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum. bom bom bom. Yeah take two. Welcome to the crooked podcast.
What 's up guys and welcome to another episode of long island volleyball podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today We 're gonna be talking about the desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe 's there 's a five-set thriller but new poll has ended up getting the w girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win the championship. There 's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who might be and then we 're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We 're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit so i hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let 's get into it saint rose had a long week this week the reversed north central college and new polls on saturday. And then sunday they played stevens and st. Francis And now today they 're playing yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It 'll be an easy one for him though. They 're probably just going to.
I 'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it 's time for choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It 's heroines week and every day this week. We 've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today We 're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one garden was born in a country in africa called kenya when one gary is a girl kenya was full of strong lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William cairo bowl starting the first broadcast that i 'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes about it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There 's a lot of buzz right now in the media. I believe that there 's been a very severe you know response already like last week in the stock market and wall street and i decided to do this podcast because i realized that.
Hey this is david. john and it 's me alec and welcome back to another episode of multimedia madness. Today We 're going to get into a bunch of topics including our first topic which is spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what i 'm picking up we 're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls and we 've been reacting to them. It 's pretty funny. the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah they definitely when i got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like or. And this is before my.
What 's up guys welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But first we 're going to do an interview with donovan brazier and it 's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly but bear with us and it 's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys this is even sports podcast. We 're on with donovan brazier. Right now. We 're at track me where the track office not really supposed to got some audience over here. Yeah first we 're podcast was an audience who serve people jump right in we 're almost done bridge right now. So how you doing donovan.
As sex bingo night here at plymouth state it was a hoot and a half. What does sex bingo and tail because i missed that so it was a little odd knocking alive but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say i 'm not too sure what is safe for the radio. So i 'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting aids on the watch of plymouth state. There 's over a thousand dollars dropped plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally i thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We are counting down the top sports scandals of the past years. Today We 're going back to when heavyweight boxer. Mike Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the sexual assault of miss black america beauty contestant desiree washington for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our march madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a las vegas gym on september world champion boxer mike tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against evander.
Welcome back to best of their day on today 's episode. We are talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations we 're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So fern first question i have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level course however physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just do n't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and learning how to do that. That 's.
Hello my dear friends. It 's jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode of podcast. I 'll direct you a story by ruskin bond. He 's an indian writer with british descent and he has won many awards like sahitya academy awards and padma shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there is something about the way he write his story. the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where i shall take you on a train journey of two young strange 's let 's get started.
All you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that you 've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My name is kate cocker. I 'm here on volley and i 'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity please take a moment to check out the vale app. There 's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to not another runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to listen today. I 've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully i 'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today 's episode is something i could n't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone i have followed on social media for a long while now. I 'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast god over a year ago. Now whilst i was training for the london marathon and i remember thinking wow this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth cardiff south wales. His name is reese jenkins. He
Hello welcome to conversations on karate. i 'm greg. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to joe andrews sensei of street shotokan. Karate club. Hello joe. Hello Hello He 's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode. Yes i think yes and we have and i 've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh i have n't said anything you do n't like about you. Probably have big fan. yeah the fun is he 's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay i 'm upset. Well i am too but i 'm trying to pretend i 'm not okay. We 've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up because i feel like it 's only really good for one person and that i feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and i 'm trying to troubleshoot it we 're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway welcome to yeah we said it with me. Me emma and ellen this is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and miss thing at gmail. Com And i would say it 's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We 're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude i do n't know. What the fuck was that it 's not like something fun was vibrant. y'all what 's up yo yo go back to the filthy garage or as i should call it the freezing garage. Yeah it 's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I 'm nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it 's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that 's because it 's cool. Okay Yeah It 's like what 's up welcome back. My ball is small. It 's like degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh it 's your sister 's hat. There 's a sunflower my hat. I 'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is felicia allen. I 'm a social media marketer writer and mom to three boys ages and i am terilyn griffin an english professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages we inhale this amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let 's find the magic together. Okay everybody. I have a high five and that is that i have to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today 's guest is xavier tio dave is the creative director at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He 's worked at agencies all over the world starting at ogilvy and singapore before working at modernista in boston and anomaly in new york and then joining conde nast. I hear he 's also a fine artist electronic music aficionado and an all-around good guy and he 'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is which is michael jordan and i was really young. i was looking at this guy. Who 's that oh my god. This guy 's amazing. I 'll.
This is going to freak me out. He 's like oh thank god. You 're not a horse girl. Like i ca n't think of anything. Who does that i 'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is nat and my name is bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just desperate how was my day was very boring. i was also very boring but for i assume very different reasons. So i was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much i can talk about but i will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you 're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So i want to talk a little bit about snapchat texting and facetime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live videos of course for my spa y'all. We 'll see them some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That 's fine. But i want to talk about first uncovered snapchat. Okay so i feel like if you 're over the age of and that 's pushing it is just pushing it for real. It 's pushing it. I 'm not sure it snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It 's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from dickhead boys including elderly tg formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with chris camilo dave hanson and jordan mcclain live on youtube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. dave hanson joined with chris at jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey it 's okay grant. dude hey how 's it going good glad you could join us. We 're all doing this special broadcast. We normally do n't do a live broadcast on tuesday but we have to talk about robin hood. It 's a company that chris jordan and i are all investors in not as users of the company but we 're actual investors in the series a shares of robin hood markets inc. That 's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other brokers out there with free trading on schwab and he traded td and.
Ladies and gentlemen welcome back on the house podcast episode it 's sunday. It 's sunday. I 'm here. my name is cinco you know we just want to be on the podcast. So here i am. He 's helping fill in today is doing and we had to pour one out for the homies. Yeah that 's why i said music starting off. No No it 's sad music starting off because our friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah why do n't i talk in sunday pot guess yeah. So they 've got like we 're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We 're going to start your week off right hopefully this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah I 'm exhausted. I 'm going to be here. Yeah i 'm fresh. I 'm feeling good. must be.
The audible of the best in bitcoin. This is the crypto cana me. If you guys have not seen it yet gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page and it 's another great one around the concept of bitcoin as a living organism. So let 's go ahead and jump into the read and then we 'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how bitcoin is surviving and thriving between worlds as i have argued previously bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I 'm ben. and we 're here to talk about american football. So i go into the nfl after the demo for madden was advertised on my xbox which was the one with drew brees on the cover. Okay because it won the super bowl and the afc championship game the game between the colts and the jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah i enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster yeah because i chose to be a broncos fan because well quite frankly because i have a horse and i went and i did n't like i felt pretty scummy to be in like you know yeah i do n't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I 'm selena ling chief economist for cpc bang today. I 'm sharing with you about the feds emergency basis point unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency citing a material change in the u. S Outlook due to the outbreak fed chairman powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the us and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled march fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the fed being cornered in to a basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the fed go from here if you reference the meeting of finance chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction wall street quickly sold off while us treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the psalms. dan and i 'm going to read psalm today. This is another psalm of david. Preserve me o god in the do i put my trust i have said unto the lord thou art my lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the lord for another god their drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup dow maintains my lat the lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places. Yea i have a goodly heritage. I will bless the lord who has given me counsel. Yay My reins instruct me in the night seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the. michael majid with me is world cup winner. Saskia weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday 's first spring ucla match. I 'm not annoyed. I 'm annoyed at things. I probably ca n't talk about but it 's okay. What 's up everybody we 're actually joined by a very special guest today. We 've got the athletics goalkeeping guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from sweden. dude how are you i 'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be back you know it 's always really good when you can get somebody to talk mls from europe. Yeah you go all the way to sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What 's your theory hey how many hours a day is it dark there right now yeah so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It 's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock but no way to get out the other mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What 's up everybody emiliano man 's in here and i just want to give a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and minor manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask well when i was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do i get my show into like all the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast well i got the answer ladies and gentlemen it was very simple anchor anchor. Yeah man. Anchor is a one-stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ai n't even got to pay nothing. It 's all free. It 's free and it 's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo what 's going on guys rob here. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the app i 'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it 's free and there 's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership which is also great man. you got to get to where you 're going. So it 's everything you need to do all one place and to go to anchor on the app store anchored on fm online to get started let 's get in the madness. Yo yo yo i 'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in yg 's podcast your grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you 're doing man. Great show great. love listening. Keep it up on a giants free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There 's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig master jigs when in doubt use promo code pmf save off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast network. This is the final cash segment with your host brad hicks and josh eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey what 's up guys it 's jonathan white. And in this episode. I 'm going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual kung-fu podcast where we dive into sexual mastery and how to use sexual energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there 's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man 's sexual capacity. that 's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know we have the stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and falls to sleep. He ca n't continue having sex you know because he spent his energy.
Hey it 's melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The hebrew word. Cabana is all about living your life with intention each week. I 'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope that by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by studio of course i mean my beautiful office is breezy and i feel like breezy. I always say your name like your oprah or share or beyonce and i say it like madonna. Okay old like madonna that 's fair to like how many people really know madonna 's last name huh no idea tony. Oh god. Why do you know that because it 's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we 're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through breezies life breezy to.
Welcome to episode of the marvel studios news podcast. My name is sean gerber joined by paul herman. paul i 'm getting over being sick and just getting over being sick. I 'm fine. But just it 's weird being sick and trying to recoup its weird. But i 'm headed. I 'm headed the right way. I 'm headed the right direction. I think so but yeah thanks for asking. I 'm glad you 're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there which i know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before i get started with the episode make sure you 're following us on our instagram at marvel studios news. I 'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily mcu trivia some of you are doing very very well. Good job but also i put up a post a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey joel since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff you have n't heard about anchor dot. F m-- nah man. What is it all about oh sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well first of all it 's completely free. You do n't go to pay nothing. Really yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the internet or is there a ways to do things with it then oh no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow That is so awesome. Yes Now is it just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it well once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so i can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You do n't have to do anything but post it to anchor. Awesome Is there any way to make money off of it yeah you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you 're saying is it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. That 's exactly what i 'm saying. Wow So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It 's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you 're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle si back in the office and in today 's video i 'm going to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why i feel that this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they 're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can lean on you. You 're going to have to learn this. So here 's the deal. If you do n't have a very high attention span if you 're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes you 're not going to do very well. Okay because this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a paper. If you ca n't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you 're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen welcome back to the mother frickin arsenal cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only us to alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and daniel fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today my friend i 'm good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah Yeah Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first high-profile guest i guess you could say all due respect to rob our amazing writer but you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither rob has an awesome guest but we caught our first big fish and andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week and if you have n't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright so we are now live. So if you guys want to hop on the blue capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright so we got our first contestant. is ever you ready all right so it 's nine to nine. Who died oh right. Oh right. Hey how 's it going.
There were two more murders miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on march second a man was convicted for a double murder in tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not want to grow old in prison and years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on december and spent most of his life in michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition between two blue devils. It 's parent-teacher conferences here at tommy 's high school. So i thought maybe i would go around and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I 'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. they 're going to answer it and we 're going to get some interesting answers. I 'm sure in the meantime i want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and i cannot wait to interview our next guest here between two blue devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they 're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you do n't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of greece and rome. I am massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the city college of new york and i will guide you through this reading in season episode would reflect on c. So the film was the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the state of mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you have n't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good echo the fm to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay maybe it was minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of destiny and written out in front of me and great big amber letters i read.
For the love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by t starter we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms teach starter. to make your classroom buzz warning this episode of friday funny is not for little ears if you 've got kids with you save this listening goodness for later. Joe mr. D Dombrowski is a grade teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on instagram at mister d times i 'm braun and this is friday fun. He 's with mr. D Hello and welcome to friday funny is i am here with this v. Hey mr. D Hey how are you gonna say hey girl. Agora i do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I
Johnny do the intro right hey welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron mark and across from me is john was going back. Hey man what 's happening oh good. We 're back. We 're back bitches. you know are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while yeah very nice up there. Mm Yeah it 's very nice. Actually Yeah it 's very very soft fluffy. Yeah Hey yeah is revealed towards right now art elixir mania. Is it a dinosaur no enjoy if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety did n't think anything up in the community. We need to actually move on and get better. And we do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you 're in pain then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is alec wanker and i 'm your host for today. And
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It 's the infamous michigan dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on spotify there. You 'll find new spotify only episodes of urban legends every tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise extreme caution for children under. You do n't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little teen wolf or wolfman down again but it 's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings this is douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at diamond hill capital management. And this is understanding edge. It 's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic international equities as well as fixed income but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the fed palace comments from friday and where we 're headed and what we 're looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy film the last seven trading sessions stocks are down close to percent as measured by the ice bofa high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the castle cast episode this episode is going to be about irony and dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry It will not sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not i 'm okay. Fuck i 'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to the second point. So it was minutes and i like to do before. Yeah fuck your login as well. I hope it does n't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah All right so welcome to i 'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We 've got the.
It 's our sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We 're counting down the top sports scandals of the past years today. We 're traveling back to when players on the northwestern wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our march madness special. Listen free on spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the chrysler center went wild the michigan wolverines had thrashed the northwestern wildcats. None of the northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room but starting guard kenneth dion lee and centre-forward dewey williams were.
Hi welcome to the tell me what you 're proud of podcast. I 'm your host. Dr Maggie perry. I 'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in clinical psychology. I 'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety ocd mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where my model for psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you 're proud of and i 'll help you become.
Boy you know your family 's broaden and deepen. Even on this earth for years old sound he-man sound grateful to be here you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging bonaparte did not necessary. Bro you know what i 'll be ruined if i 'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for me. I do n't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though honestly so you can out cause for me yeah like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm So why do you not believe in that door obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the new year coming.
Hey guys quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app that i actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how i first got started with the podcast and it 's so incredibly easy to use. it 's free and it 's essentially a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It 's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally distribute it to modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week 's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren kim and assistant editor at. We 're actually.
Hello my name is kate coker. And this is your everyday positivity on vale. I was scrolling through facebook the other day and someone suggested a stevie wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it and all it did for me was remind me of the greatest tv wonder song for me of all time which is called love 's in need of love today. I mean first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that you 've got to go. Um man i 've nailed life love is in need of love today and he 's my favorite stevie wonder song and i love sitting and listening to the message on it. Is that love 's in need of love today we need to give the love back to ourselves for loved it. It 's that cycle and i wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you joy.
Hey everybody. This is pam at the paper outpost. Welcome to the paper outpost the joy of junk journals. And today 's topic is oh my gosh we are actually making books and when you think about this this is really a mind-blowing event because we do n't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to learn and everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their life right holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it 's all going digital and we just do n't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know we just do n't have that log anymore and when you think about it making a book is such an.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. So if you want to start a podcast but not sure if it 's going to be something you want to keep up with. There 's no money to put into it. So you 're just doing it and if it works out great you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. Ge will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast creator and it 's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You wo n't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey i 'm al mcguire. I 'm sarah griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young our guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to get around to it for barry. Hello welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I 'm really glad you think i 'm interesting like seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than i am in real life. Well i 'm super excited but you 're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes i 'm going to talk about jeff buckley or ip because he meant a lot to me when i was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi this is lynn richardson. This is walt talk. I 'm so excited about talking to you about money. But not just wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love theology and health because i believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It 's about establishing harmony in your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people as i travel the world helping. Some vip. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for years. We talked about marriage. He 's actually more vocal about it than i am but it 's a little frustrating when i see others getting married and starting their families. I promise i am genuinely happy for them. But i 'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn i just pray.
The sports card market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is jeff wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night i invest in sports car. Please Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five tuesday. And wow. Do i have some cards to tell you about today the sports card market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I ca n't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What 's going on guys welcome back to the oc lines blog podcast. My name is gavin here with co-hosts daniel and chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things orlando city. And of course all things rsl about the game that we just witnessed. We have adam. adam i 'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was a draw a lot of stuff to talk about even though not out of.
Hey have you heard about anchor dot f m-- you know when i began my podcast i 've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when i was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until i found what anchor dot f m is all about you know it 's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself why do n't you try it you know as for me i can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey how are you today this butcher told.
Salute up you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when i get a release for me it 's all about the music and i forget les mills. I forget the choreography and i do n't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs and i have them on the whole time. Like when i 'm in the shower when i 'm making food when i 'm doing the laundry when i 'm training gym i just try and listen to the music as many times as possible but i 'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It 's just filled music and what happens instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you do n't know what that 's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let 's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore health to our soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I 'm neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of grey 's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of how the american food system became more concentrated. That 's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there 's no one better to address that topic than joe maxwell joe has spent his life fighting for working americans. He 's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the missouri house of representatives and the missouri senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words.
Hey everyone so i wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit about anchor it 's the app that i use to record my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It 's completely free. There Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on spotify apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You do n't need to have a minimum listenership. And it 's just really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So i find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started and i 'm telling you it 's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love it. I 'm going in search of witches i guess you found me out huh.
Welcome to the flightline with your host rick hughes for the next minutes. You 'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host rick hughes. Good morning and welcome to the flightline. I 'm your host rick hughes for the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around minutes of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of god that will help you verify and identify the plan of god for your life if you 'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that god gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you have n't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good echo the fm to get started. Hi lynn richardson this is wealth talk. I 'm so excited about talking to you about money but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love theology and health because i believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It 's about establishing harmony in your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of the forgotten podcast. My name is kiran krishnan. And today i 'm joined with swayam and moanin and we talk about something that is kind of alien to me. i 'm very informed on this and it is anime so guys educate me. Okay karen tell me something. Have you watched pokmon yes here on there. Yes you washed beyblade. Yes and it was a culture. back where i when i when we grew up we should just hang around and you know oracle let it rip or whatever right yeah. So yeah it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes i have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just do n't realize it. So it 's like shows pokemon digimon and doraemon shin-chan ninja hattori. They 're all enemies now that i think about it. Beyblade was the craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples aka mdd the podcast were here real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is cameron bure naga. I 'm the youth minister at st. Francis of assisi parish in san jose california in my name is ana fuentes. I 'm the youth minister as the anthony perosh in san jose california. Dude Happy lead. Happy lance. I 'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It 's very special. we have n't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah I 'm due to some stuff that we 'll talk about. Oh for sure. Butts were in our lenten season now so we actually have a special lenten edition of the mdd podcast this week guys we do so we unfortunately do n't have a guest this week but we 're going to talk all things lent. We 're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit do n't know remix of the episode of you 're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember that 's a remix. Let 's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is chris gardner. My name is kevin clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let 's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah and so our special guest today is julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it 's going to be a fun episode. Oh yeah. Um yeah so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to first paint the picture of what i understood forgiveness as before.
the most interesting man in the world also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay Well thank you. Thanks Hey we 're live. How 's everybody going after happening buddy give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It 's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey guys how are you chef kelvin is holly canine training in this is what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today it 's because i 'm still sick and trust me. I 've been sleeping out onions and i 've invest lean on my feet with socks and i 've been things working and nothing 's working. So that 's wrong tonight scooby grabbing a baby. Oh my god having a baby. I 'm gonna miss you. Yep so i 'm happy for you and your graduations. It 's gonna be great. It 's.
You 're listening to the treatment room with test and lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We 're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody welcome back to the treatment room with tess and lauren. tess and i am here with lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we 're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello everyone. This is kia and mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is mama wendy 's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this article that i received through a facebook message and this article was on america 's kids belong and the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah it 's i do n't know. i mean i 'm very thankful i have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode. Yes What makes you podcast this episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we 're recording this so as usual you know how we are. We 're just gonna talk about nylon harry because that 's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because molly has her harry pillow which you guys know what we make.
Hi my name is erin phelps. And we live in a music society. This podcast is a project of mind in which i interview musicians that i think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really cool things. They 're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we 're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music society. I am so excited for this episode. So i 'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He 's someone that i 've looked up to for a really long time since i was a teenager and it is john simmons and.
Today 's episode the hottest take is brought to you by philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It 's the schmear. That 's perfect for spreading on your morning bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That 's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is chris ryan. I 'm joined by mallory rubin david shoemaker and roger sherman and roger has the floor. Best day for holiday to be during the week is thursday. Mmm The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week for roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to monday the worst day of the week which a holiday could be so you are saying you 'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what i have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your very own podcast what now you can with this really cool app called anchor fm best part of this app is that it 's totally free. There 's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor fm is what type in hat. Get ready you 're tuned in to tea time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram. Com / lovely. Teeth Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there 's going to be a lady loki in the upcoming disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on twitter at br marvel news showing sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not long ago but was never actually confirmed now looks like that 's exactly what we 'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we 'll be seeing a kid loki as well as both a child and lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact he 's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we 're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series let us know what you 'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to marvel movie news. Thursday 's p. M Right here on the popcorn talk if you 'd like to keep up with my ever-growing marvel obsession you can follow me on twitter and instagram @ z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It 's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the ashanti kingdom and an african country that today is called ghana. The ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo what 's up with your boy anthony it 's going on and show paul took one sec. Hey it 's josh. It 's boy ralph. It 's up. Its eli and welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck it. We 'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah it 's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you 're our thoughts and certain interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the facebook people already. I 'm already over night. Yes We 're basically famous. Right well i 'm pretty close we 're late. But there 's matthew mcconaughey and then there 's on facebook and instagram like we were i was actually quite shocked. I
On march to kim wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series of slangs now known as the santa rosa hitchhiker murders. It 's a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you 're about to hear and want to listen to more true crime events from history. Check out our series today and true crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in true crime. On spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is wednesday march on this day in kim wendy. Allen a junior college student in santa rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We 've been going to be a christmas break. then we 're gonna get one back after christmas and then now it 's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let 's just you know he 's busy he is busy and then we came back to uni and we just could n't be arsed know. I 'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we were n't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like so now we 're back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere like absolutely coming to uni. What are you doing next part.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to suave exciting times ahead. No can i get a what-what absolutely not today. We watch season episode sudden death which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car man. a car.
Day fianc before the days a rainy day podcast what is going on i need a fam we 're back for another day another week some more than so welcome back to the first episode of the new season. Yes Yes and episode like have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really sonu. and i know there 's some i love okay so off the top as usual betsy has given charles the rundown but before we get to the news news i got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so ivan people probably do n't think i 'm really serious about this video thing but i.
Hey guys it 's peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into god 's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in jesus. Second corinthians chapter verses through. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient but the things that are unseen are eternal here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that i like. if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast first off. It 's free does n't cost you a dime. In fact it can make you money. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of nintendo switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one 's huge. You do n't need a minimum listenership in order to make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It 's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you 've always wanted to start a podcast but never known where to start now you do download the free anchor app or go anchored on fm to get started today. On episode of nintendo switch craft bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right this is free. Okay first and foremost not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so i can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more. Yeah an anchor acres are really cool tool and we 're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know it 's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you 're interested in doing something like this you know go download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to started and with that you know we 're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the galaxy midweek show where we talk all things la galaxy. I 'm bryant eddie 's in here somewhere. I 'm right here. yeah so what up and spenny you mean it does n't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on saturday versus the vancouver whitecaps at p. M
Hi everyone what 's happened and i 'm here with johnny. Bargain has all she on top and blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that we 've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and i made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording and publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. so first of all we 're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is asha monaghan. I 'm from a gallon which is about minutes from the organ.
Hey hey we 've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from faith to wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week 's episode. Us odes our stories are shared mostly by casey and some of her amazing community you 're part of our family. Now you 're a part of our family. Now you 're part of our family. Now you 're part of our family. you know you 're a part of our family now right hi kc is lady danielle here i just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you 've struggled with.
If you 're interested in learning more about raising your vibration check out our show notes. Hello I have two questions that i pretty much already know the answer to but i 'm going to ask you in any way. Well there 's nothing better than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time now that 's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes i call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me you said yes so i guess we said every time can.
Really quickly we recommend listening to this show on spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you 're listening to with your friends on instagram so if you have n't done so already ready be sure to download the spotify app search for optimal health daily on spotify or browse podcasts in your library tab. Also make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of optimal health daily. It 's another edition of optimal health daily episode and i 'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special friday edition of optimal health daily where i answer your questions on the other days i read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night i was getting some support from a coach. And yes i have a coach coaches need coaches and i was talking to my coach because i had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be sometimes and i realized i had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way which i know better than to do but i just kind of got caught in a loop and it 's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that i had to share it with you. So that 's what we 're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What 's up welcome to the trekking podcast. I 'm patrick sweet. I 'm michael shermer. I 'm parker link and this episode we talk about lego masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip yes up along with us with we got the doc you pepe 's answer. That 's what we 're rocking as the beverage of the night. It 's our day off tonight. We usually watch a lego masters on this night but mmm that 's some corals with langley master lego masters. So background on lego masters we watching the super bowl. and this one might have heard of it. I do n't know if you guys saw the game chiefs won. She 's won. Yeah she 's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined to escape with ford copilot a suite of advanced standard driver assist technologies. It 's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you 'll encounter out on the road. They 're smart and then there 's street smart the completely reimagined to scape. Today is monday march on this day in year-old derivatives trader. Nick leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest merchant banks in the united kingdom. Welcome to today in true crime app are cast original.
You 're a medical student. You do n't have time to study for boards but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr Bradley is here to help on bradley 's micro board review in microbiology professor at a medical university covers one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately minutes. We will cover all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it 's scary but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at spock podcast. I 'm your hearts monica gates a period and icf 's edified woman 's life coach and i hope women to harness the power of their period and connected fm has blood in this episode. We 'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you did n't already see basically i had to leave my apartment in manhattan. I 'm still in new york. I 'm just in williamsburg now but basically what happened is like the laws in new york like crazy with like subletting and whatever and i was renting a friend 's apartment and then the cops just like went bananas because i found out i was there and then i probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk that 's why i do stand-up. Yeah I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like what would you say is your main issue and i was like let 's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got minutes. Let 's do this. Okay i 'm watching the globe truly. Yes got right down to business and i was like i do n't know. I guess i feel like i always need to be in control and she 's like is that what you do comedy and i was like i do n't like i guess so i do n't know and she 's like i am time that 's comedy help people feel like they 're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi this is scott and welcome to my podcast. Let 's talk and learn about god 's word life purpose values and faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day 's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit me up on twitter gary vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the w in there as well so i can see your feedback on weekly. Please hit me up with some feedback on twitter on how you like listening to the vlog and if you 're not watching the vlog it 's youtube. Com slash garyvee with double. He 's then please enjoy this day gary vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody 's watching on linkedin. Let 's put in your phone numbers. We 're going to call somebody in linkedin live put in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but i have the super handsome wildly accomplished daymond john in the buildings and i 'm right next to milli vanilli 's. right i 'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when i delete all these episodes right i think so. I do n't want to just let it sit here if i 'm not using it but what 's happening today why i 'm talking to you today is because it 's warm out. I think it 's to me. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most new yorkers do we 're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm all right. Someone 's actually letting me cross. I 'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So i was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If i 'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank that 's different compared to my regular normal standard than i feel like a failure and that 's like any standard. So like let 's just say like i was making a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or like in my mind unless we have a month where i 'm like tripling it out of nowhere then i did n't succeed. That 's stupid. i do n't know how to put that stupid. Why do i feel that way why because you 're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is lorna liz love and i am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is garrett. and this is gonna be our first podcast. So you know we 'll see how it goes. It 's been a long time coming. We 've been saying we 're going to do it for a while now but now we 're starting so gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is let 's get this intro music. Hey yeah. All right. Let 's get into this first podcast you know just kind of figuring out the kinks of it all it 's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah trying to figure it out. It 's kind of nervous. But you know we 'll get a gun. Sorry now here in grand junction home base for the moment you know move it down to denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina i mean like i had a very diverse group but i would always date white guys until me until i 'm at hartge until you saw all of this and i gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What 's up rg jazz. What 's up with you nothing much harjeet you having a good day. i 'm having a great day today - do tell yeah i woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we 're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am i hmm ish and then i just been sluggish but i 'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That 's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello welcome to the anti-socialist podcast knew that and i 'm joined today with my co-host chris silver. Yo how you doing today - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am i meeting right now i just got home from the gym. So i apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So i had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the miller. But yeah okay. So i was thinking today 's topic for this new episode episode because it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the world you know how to make a podcast and i crack up because i am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which i highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing 's tools and the best part is that they distribute out your podcast for you and so if you 're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor anc hor dot f m-- you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week 's episode. I am honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
Well hello guys welcome to the first episode of the have n't we thought of a name yet i was want to do breakfast at perkins given my last name kind of lame. but then i was told that people may think that breakfast at perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know the actual restaurant program so i might do breakfast with perkins. I do n't know. Anyway how 's everyone doing i figured i would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that i have on other social media platforms whether it be snapchat facebook instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate indian food and it 's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to india star. You never been to india star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to let 's coffee. Let 's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb manila which is the home of our company but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content not that we 're putting out whether it be about four games or let 's coffee which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the thumbs up and subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you 're listening via podcast or watching on instagram on yardsticks instagram please also do leave a comment if we would love to hear from you but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one if so we 're excited to share our free guide to the essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www. Sceeto Com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That 's www. Soffc Org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi I was here about six months ago and wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for blackbeard 's fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it michael rockefeller the youngest son of then new york governor nelson rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now new guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore but he was never seen again db cooper hijacked a boeing. Extorted two hundred thousand dollars in ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common they 're gone but we 're looking for them. And now we 're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other monday. You 'll now get a special mini episode off mondays but only on spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I do n't have the energy for this. Hello Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the sunny city by the long beach. I am your host pain rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of inside the mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which instrument you guys play starting off with you what up my name my name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on ig recall punk 's with the x i can dig it. Yeah what 's up i 'm eric play the drums. Oh yeah he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need to keep her smiles on whether in your bed more targeted a good mood but today get about all booka booka and so alpha in this life and i said hi guys.
All right so sitting here and hooters in downtown atlanta we just got done watching the olympic trials marathon and it lana elena elena and man it was windy. It was super cold. We 're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But first a beer joseph what you drinking i 'm having a scofflaw called basement ipa. Go figure that 's why i 'm having to brother cheers podcast.
And we live another episode of athletic insights. We 're joined here by our guests jackson bales and connor kelley jackson. How you doing tonight doing pretty good. How are you good connor what 's going on with you along grades i thanks for having me and jackson on no. I mean i 'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in january. So it 's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this on such a high note. Note So for those of you listening at home both jackson and connor here are from brockville and they 'll both be playing in nationals this weekend in ottowa for men 's you sports basketball so connor why do n't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with jackson you know so like yeah like i said it back on my first podcast like me and jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are jordan davis. Thank you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time to listen to me. And so i am grateful and i do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance but it really took that moment to humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that god has given me what has god given me to impact to make an impact and i instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here 's a quick note before we get started. If you have n't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to anchor fm. Com to get started. Well howdy there internet people let 's bow again. So tonight we 're going to talk about president reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There 's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is chris ryan. I am joined by jason concepcin juliet littman and david shoemaker and david you have before. I know that we fought the revolutionary war for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my god now listen. Listen i 'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I 'm not saying we need to go to some like royal dutch like diagnostic system. But look at england right now how much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for like a decade every years. Donald trump gets to be king. But we have like a boring-ass technocrat. they 're as prime minister is actually making the decision right so he have a guy who 's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to nascar races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of july. If you want to figure out is what i want a figure how did.
We have to pay the bills and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast let me tell you something. If you have n't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They 'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you 'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here 's your host and one of the foremost automotive business experts in the country does chevy davenport hey everyone welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it 's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred fm to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you 're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you we 're a comedy dating podcast in victoria bc our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named elvis freshly you can check out their new release. no that is dropping everywhere friday march. Our theme song is called bombshells. That 's off their last. I want to say is it ep or ip it cp right album. Yeah
What 's up y'all just wanted to take a minute and say if you 've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place i ca n't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on spotify apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It does n't really matter. Whatever Why i can do it. It 's absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. i ca n't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It does n't matter again. So download the free app today or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It 's free or you can go to anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let 's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode for the nrl super coach chat pod cast jose here. Thought i 'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming nrl super coach season. So i 've played super kosher about seven years and i 've spent a lot of time thinking reading listening to everything about the game the players the trades the injuries and so i thought why do n't i give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and do n't have the time to.
This is andre dawson hall of fame from the chicago cubs and you 're listening to the dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody 's favorite coach. follow him on twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the dubuque area baseball podcast on apple podcast spotify and any other major podcast platforms definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the dubuque area.
Hey guys episode welcome to the rewired live podcast. I 'm excited for this thing to get launching. So hey if we have not met my name is adam ludlow ceo and head coach of rewired fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in north spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that 's been on my mind for a while and it 's time for it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we 're doing this and what to expect and who it 's for. So let 's get right into it. why honestly it 's because one of our values that we 've always had for our fitness community that 's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So i see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host sam and this is urban legends and other dreadful curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey guys what 's up welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other dreadful curiosities. If you are new to this podcast my name is sam and i 'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast you can go follow it on spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out you know yeah just saying this took forever to record like i had a hard time recording this because i kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well either freaks it 's your boy marty been here to introduce this flash episode of tales from the crypt sat down with our good friend bitcoin tina to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in american markets globally with the coronavirus reading i think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um i actually had a friend reach out to me yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like ah let 's see easiest way to buy bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet that 's what i said. It 's the easiest way to buy bitcoin. his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What 's happening hearts capers this is episode of the how to hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on today 's episode episode of the marketing week where every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We 're going to be covering seo for landscapers starting an seo optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able to track and target keywords to show up as a top of search engine results. So without further ado let 's get right into it getting into creating a website. search engine seo optimized is something that i 've been working on for the past years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that i 've created and it is something that you know if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys it 's your host patrick seymour. I 'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script i will admit. So if you have n't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast let me explain. It 's completely free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways let 's get this rolling. Hey guys welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host ethan patrick. And of course me. We 're all the hosts. Obviously We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests merit of their co-hosts. We got mitchell preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes It 's so good and how well for starters it 's free and their creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to spotify apple podcasts and many many more. So if you 're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that 's right. Speaking of podcasts right here 's the happy hour. frickin fricks. I slept until today. Oh my god. Oh my god. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my west coast time. So i thought i 'd be up earlier today about is like i did n't even open my eyes until.
Welcome back to who 's being the funky bunch. What 's up guys it 's colton emmett here wiley and if you 're new to the podcast this is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What 's on the deal today guys so today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We 've gotten up to around listeners. So it was pretty crazy. it kind of was a lot bigger than we expected to be exact.
Is kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki samantha. Nahi hai zindagi ki love to go. Hi Mexica Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the sally shook kolkata airport world buddy tzc. Ataxia They should come on rock lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property academy podcast. I 'm your host ed makai time major nicole today on the show. We 're going to be talking about gross rental yields in parnell. Now you might be wondering why are we talking about parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you 'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from westpac one of the large banks in new zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we 're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and parnell is. Percent Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and parnell the gross yield for that is. And they said you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a mcmillan and becky ward where we talk about doing your in the. Hi guys. Thank you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating women. I 'll is international women 's day on sunday of march so we thought it 'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has amy what have you heard in the news this week okay so i know in a moment you 're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So i thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people have n't necessarily heard about and i was scrolling through twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the uk have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I 'm your host simon whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on youtube. If you enjoy this show please do consider leaving us a review on apple podcasts or oye podcast. Also you are say hi to me on instagram twitter all of that stuff. I am at simon whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let 's get into it. Hello simon with slayer you 're watching top internet. And in the video today. We 're looking at the top successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that 's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you 're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating this would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I 'm maria and my name is rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for success podcast and next week on march the. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock moscow time. Yes this is the unique time when you can see rory and myself our pretty faces and rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He 'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It 'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay Absolutely We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today 's topic very i.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one to hannah hart. And today i am joined by extremely special guest kevin mchale and jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our or newly learning how to say no and hell maybe we 'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I do n't know. Oh why i feel like nervous today but i feel nervous today which yeah ii do n't know why i really do n't know why listeners and earbuds what you were n't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready jenna and kevin have been here for minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like oh i 've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There 's nothing i hate more than when you show up to somebody 's thing and they 're not ready for you. Yes okay but in theory no you 're right. It 's there.
Good morning church. How are you today are you fine if you have fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the lord for his goodness and mercy in your life. What a god we have to worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you jesus. You may be seated in his presence. I 'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our official facebook page. There 's a message for you from my father in the prophet tb joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You
all business bodybuilding with joe bentley just in compton and dominic cardone starts now. What 's going on guys welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is luke. I 'm here with joe justin and dom episode. How 's it going guys i 'm doing good man. Trying to wake up. Crazy yeah i had some good british food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the riverdale after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so far first off we 're gonna go with like just this whole jugged drama mystery. There 's so much going on. tony 's are up to their normal shenanigans and then i 'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we 'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode please start sending them in the live chat. I am katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that i can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because i will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we did n't have jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots use it to purchase any apparel from brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now let 's get into this episode. like it 's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it hi guys welcome back to roots podcast. We 're starting. I love taking chances seconds. Thank you. Little ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the icc inside of podcast. This is ruth from acc media today. I 'm joined by a new zealand crew. I 've got luke pettigrew gareth mcguire and athlete gemma route joining us and we going to talk about all things new zealand crossfit and how they 're going to be covering the acc this year. So welcome guys luke. I might start with you if that 's okay. We 've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um yeah so i was born and raised in taipei taiwan lived there for years. Then i moved over to new zealand and continued to kind of follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome from borderline to beautiful podcast. I 'm your host rose eaters in each episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one with bpd. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the cbo of an online counseling and coaching business thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that i do so much that i wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes.
Hi everyone. This is cushy and this is erica. We are from tata institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge so guys do n't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge so guys do n't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on vale. Hello I 'm kate crocker. I hope you 're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough i had a moment this week with my coach about accountability and i was really surprised. It 's always really surprising when you think i 've got that bit sorted and i 'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think i 'm good at that or the time actually good at that so i have been challenged this week and it 's hard. It 's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I do n't want to go there t harv eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys super excited about today 's podcast before i talk about today 's podcast go to youtube. Com slash gary vee. i said last time i promoted weekly be i ca n't believe the comments people are kind of like sit down like tv watching style throwing it on the smart tvs and things that nature. I 'm super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between damon john and sampar then there 's a really epic. A meeting i had with the minnesota rocker. That is the team that i own in the call of duty league the minority owner along with the event vikings ownership group minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There 's some vayner sports action at the combine and there 's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that 's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys if you 're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating and you know what not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago. And finally i 'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It 's that good. Okay it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place please download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys welcome back to my podcast or thea here. what how 's it going happy monday or whatever day you 're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you follow me on instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that i post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of god. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations but the end of that we 'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we ca n't obviously avoid but our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and i have been challenged myself to apply the word of god when i 've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right one two three four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes How 's the big man i do n't know job that will spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. apart you 're going straight into it. It 's a whole bunch of things. But i think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and in the beginning i thought i 'll take it back. But then i realize it sounds like i need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that so many things takes away from.
Hey guys what 's up and welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went to munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let 's start off with a brand new podcast. This time i 've invited matt angleman and he says it 's not the first time that he 's in this podcast. It 's actually the second i think he 's the vice president of atlantic records. But yeah i 'm not running sure but i think he is.
Hey what 's going on guys big duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Unfortunately i 'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday but there was a boot on my car because if you 've ever watched any parking wars they 're not operating on sundays. So i 've been stuck in philadelphia. I just got free this morning monday morning and now i 'm heading back home. So like i said fortunately i wo n't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully i get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It 's free to use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on apple spotify stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better anchor helps you connect with sponsors even if you 're just starting out. It 's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That 's a and c hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast network hello party people leo phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at blackboard mckees rocks. that dude is no i did n't see them. I saw him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He 's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just does n't quit. Yeah his like stage presence is fucking amazing. Yeah like wife 's i keep seeing his picture on facebook because it 's just always like people you may know and then i see him and it 's like him singing while he 's like cling to it. We 're like crawling on the floor. Yeah i think yeah they 're at their christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song he 's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a gators laying around at that shit was i love you. So i love.
Are you going to love this one i put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of content there 's over years worth of content. There 's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those years cam newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who did n't have fathers. I became their father on instagram. So when they went to the nba daddy with him when i went to the nfl. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became ceos or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it was n't that i was.
Here comes so bad in and out down the lane inside. He 's been to the station. the last time hey guys welcome into the player 's perspective on sensor with larry o'bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and i really mean that from the bottom of my heart and i ca n't say thank you enough on today 's episode. We 're joined by former nba guard and louisville hall of famer the wild wheat now it 's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to quick read. Com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. Ck bray written by alyssa burnett and quick read narrated by jim d johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say i have the best job ever probably not right. In fact that answer would n't be true for most of us because the sad.
Ss wo pes my crew my boo we 'd be best so ahead of my time. You ca n't see me yet. But the last thing you 'll ever see is me be stressed everybody. hey i do n't even know how to start. It 's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and i 'm excited about that because it 's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes i like to say that i like cold weather but i think i like warm every now and then and there 's some big changes that are coming up for me. I ca n't quite sure. I mean i can share them. I 've just decided not to for quite some time. But once i do decide to share promise you 'll understand why it 's a pretty big life change. I 'm not pregnant do n't even assume so but i 'm definitely making a little change. I would say little i guess but pretty big change in life so i came to share that with you all instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today 's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with robert keegan robert or bob keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development. And if you 're not familiar with bob 's work you will be after listening to this show. We do a kind of action to his work an overview of the stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last years. And the reason why i wanted to talk to bob keegan is n't just because you know he 's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because i wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today i want to talk about something called as legacy. Now What do we mean by legacy now what i know for sure is that you know when i say us i mean all of us medicos i mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent do n't medical profession was never an easy profession. And i 'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know older brother or brother 's friend or a senior. You all had somebody when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season episode. This episode was insane you guys i 'm your host dj. Unfortunately ally could n't be with us tonight but we 'll see her back next week and i 'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of siesta key up and down up and down literally honestly okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel but this episode opened up with ish and madison which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He 's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to canada for another few months. I 'm about to see him in the episode. I 'm glad to see that madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey baby girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that you need me to help you relax. Hmm i always kept telling you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time you know. It 's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays no claim namaste world. I 'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is caleb and your boy events will be your guides the real you. And today in episode our intention is going to be helping each other and audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success i just want to give a quick.
Hello everybody. Welcome to the top podcast daily top lists. I 'm host simon whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on youtube. If you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If you 're enjoying this show. Please do head over to apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and let 's get into it. Hello I 'm simon whistler you 're watching top. And in the video today we 're looking at the top horrifying facts about the american mafia. Number more than the mafia in america organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of pop culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these sicilian derived mafia may comprise the best known organized crime groups in the united states. They are far from the only game in town during the glory years of mafia activity a hybrid italian jewish coalition known as murder inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I 'm thomas. I 'm kylie and this week we 're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we 've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we 're talking about friendships and next week. We 're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that kylie i believe you have a joke for us right that 's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way if you did n't get which kaileena.
Hey guys welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your host me brett and cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in today 's episode. I want to mainly jump into why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me let me at least help you understand who i am. I 've been an rd for about years now. I 've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. working at new york presbyterian hospital finally i made it to the private practice world which is really where i wanted to be i was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you 're working in the clinical setting you 're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they 've been here for a while and then i come in and tell them why they ca n't have salt so it 's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You 're still we going with it. Hello It 's over. This is a podcast. This is the boys podcasts and i 'm here to co-host a one of us. One of our coast could n't make it but i 'll let you guys to introduce yourself oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait i have a question. What 's your question okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them could n't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew could n't make it so you 're both your co-host your math is n't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them yeah. Yeah i 've shut up. Alright
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I 'm marcy stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob. Com Hello this is janelle and nicole co-directors of well-read mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today 's podcast. We 're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we 'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join well where 'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things.
Hi everyone welcome to our podcast pb and chill. We 're your hosts pooja and bhavana. We 're both juniors in college from buffalo new york and we grew up as best friends although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on every situation and you live from poojas basement. We 're not live. Okay We 're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy march welcome to our third episode of pb and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason i want to do this particular episode is because i literally had a dream where i was doing this podcast with bob and i was basically sitting down now was asking bob and uh we both were not.
Hello friends thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series is one that i consider really foundational as you know my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural ministry focused and complicated environment. there was a time when i was n't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then i went to a school for missionaries kids in germany when i was in ninth grade and i quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I had n't quite been able to put a finger on we 're not just in me my friends at black forest academy exhibited really similar traits. That 's where my fascination with mks and complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that i teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask greg dotnet hi there. I 'm coach craig kenneth. And in today 's video. I 'm going to be talking to you about am i dating an avoidant okay so i know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously margaret and i get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What 's up - lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with dylan and ashlee of the - lee 's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world ralphie jacobs from taking sides from simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that 's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We 're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I 'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and i are just two normal people. and we have our own struggles. So we 're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We would n't do combined with some things. We 've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further ado let 's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey you 're listening to taking sides with the - lee 's a show where couples and.
Hi everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there 's another show that i think you 'll really like. It 's called love letters and it 's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by meredith goldstein advice columnist for the boston globe on every episode of the show meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode you 're about to hear meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She 's dating if you liked this episode you can hear every episode of love letters on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering fx topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now let us start for today 's session the fx market cannot escape from the related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the situation spread beyond china into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the episode started.
All right. So i just want to say thank you. If you 're tuning in and you 're hearing this thank you. that means i 'm getting out there. Today 's wednesday tomorrow will be the fifth. So i look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them but i will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that 's episode so let 's get this together and do it. All right if you 're listening thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the hobbies g show number one episode one starring season one starring german ball. Sorry javi. Gee i 'm just fucking a guest. Well that 's my guest. I mean is my brother that i mean i grew up with this. Why did n't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and ask her of questions rick martinez. I 'm your favorite meme stir. Let 's be real what a joke. listen let 's talk sales. Let 's talk about funny. It 's let 's talk to the best in the industry. Let 's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today Today 's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because i had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now Let 's welcome.
as i was saying you do n't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions i made in relationships to decisions that i did n't make because of my fear was all because of this months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is kapil guy and you 're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course new perspectives. So today i have a very special guest with me. Her name is vanessa. Jazz Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of rcm alternatives their affiliates or companies featured do to industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed futures commodity trading and other alternative investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our sam alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment world. Alpha is a process for you. You 're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I 'm vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past chief operating officer of haven and chief strategy officer and chief operating officer of accolade. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare innovation that spans business leaders and others across the healthcare community. We are super excited to have jack join us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying data science people and thinking seeking to improve the healthcare system. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path today and what were the key career transitions and decisions you made along your journey sure. Well it 's thank you for inviting me. It 's great to be here. I
Hi guys welcome to love growth and freedom with adrienne white death. This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys welcome to love gold and freedom with adrian dwight so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let 's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we 're not ready for we 're not.
Welcome back. It 's march. And today 's dictionary. Com word of the day is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta m. Ou nt. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in value force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or italian term. Erm translating to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word paramount an adjective. That means chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of paramount significance. However both tantamount and paramount can be traced all timidly to the latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What 's going on folks it 's cte here. And i 'm bringing you the first official episode of the ufc new era chat pod cast we 're going to talk about ufc is e versus romero. It 's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New era podcast i got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It 's going on. It 's a garret everything ufc on instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey this is early stoppage mma aka jack aka early want you to go to card. Wow Thank you for showing up today sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They 're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit 's this is one of the track chapter the weighing of the wands. When harry woke up on sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys stu is what the fuck jim talk. So you know i even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know your gym not being the best today you know i think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and i made this instagram post and i dropped it in a couple of philly at owners groups. And anyway obviously you can imagine the feedback was was mixed and one individual this rob he owns a gym. I believe it 's called crossfit rise again. I apologize rob if i 'm fucking that up. You know he shot me a dm and you just like bro. i do n't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I do n't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just did n't agree with it but he reached out to me and show me a dm and i do what i typically do when i hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing you know we 're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy you know we went from adversarial to you know i probably go get a beer the.
December subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You 're going to find him. I believe in you at sea find your father and we 'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am i hello is someone there.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you 've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your one stop shop for creating your own podcast. It 's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you 're looking to download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m it started. Hey welcome back. So been a couple days since i did my last podcast as well as my last you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that 's you know this this podcast this youtube channel could almost be called you know coronavirus central and it has been that way since you know january when i kind of first started talking about it and for good reason obviously i think that should be obvious to everyone occasionally the comment and i 'll see you at.
Today 's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today 's episode is all also sponsored by pray more novenas this lent we ca n't recommend enough the pray more retreat dot-org this online retreat will help you meditate on the lord 's passion death and resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this retreat most.
Hello if you have n't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let me explain. second of all there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Third Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It 's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you. I 've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many vcs invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of shark tank you know it is based. Having a sound idea. However you might wonder how vcs acquire.
Hello you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes another episode of the vitalife show me tori and me myself and irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there 's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I have n't got my headphones and that is because i am currently in the middle of moving so i have packed my whole life up not thinking that i needed me. Fines and i 'm in the middle of a hotel because i also started a new job last week. And yeah it 's all decided to come at once. But the reason i actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it 's something that i want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on mental health.
You 're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the british council for more information about the british council or the language assistance program please visit british council dot-org. Hello my name is finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We 'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and beyond today. I 'm joined by kina anna and dahlia who are all british council colleagues from different teams programs and countries although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in stop with you tina. Hey i 'm kina. I 'm based in london and i work on the language assistance team. And i was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon folks at home. I 'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it 's free and there 's our creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you 're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor make it easy with minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly I wish i joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started that 's anchored on fm and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What 's going on y'all it 's your host danny lopez on the gun line podcast and you 're listening to the midweek memo for march for. I 'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning. I do n't have enough time to do it at night last night and this morning. Well i got a shift change so i do n't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like i used to kind of ran out of time. So now i 'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway let 's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property academy podcast. I 'm your host every night and i 'm answering the phone today on the show. We 're going to be talking about capital maintenance. Now you 're probably thinking what the hell is deferred capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in years it requires a new row for is significant expense on the hot water it 's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that it 's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses but it 's something that needs to happen if every couple of months so i not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by matthew gilligan from gilligan drone associates very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the john cast it is nearly p. M And i am still in my pajamas that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that i have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and we are in south carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It 's one of our good friends. It 's her birthday and so will kind of be taking thursday most of thursday and some of friday off. So i 'm actually recording this on a wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that i can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
One two three happy tuesday with tameka. Oh my gosh i am super excited to finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear to cripple me you know i am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that i teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask greg dotnet hi there. I 'm coach craig kenneth. I 'm coach margaret. And today we 're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you do n't but today we 're going to look at soul mates and margaret and i have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will enlighten you or get you to.
What 's going on guys welcome back to the run free podcast this episode number and this episode we 're going to do a little olympic trials debrief. And then we 're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So i hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it 's turning to springtime where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it 's actually kind of a little bit about what i 'm going to talk about today. So i 'm getting out in front of myself but it 's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. like right when you 've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you 're out doing those runs. They 're just miserable and you just ca n't wait to get home and get warm and then when it turns to.
do you love torturing your friends with horror movies of course you do. That 's why you 're listening. Maybe you 've even thought about starting your own horror podcast whatever kind of insanity you 're looking to send out into the world. There 's a new all-in-one platform for you. it 's the easiest way to make a podcast and it 's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You 'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better anchor will distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on apple or spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It 's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to anchor fm to get started nerds consequence podcast network this episode brought to you by nick be.
What 's up liberty lovers you 're listening to break the cycle with me joshua smith for the next minutes. I 'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because we 're flipping tables and talking liberty and it ai n't always pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I 'm your host joshua smith. Today We 're going to talk about joe sniff her biden and how the other dem candidates are falling in line because they 're wussies after that. I thought it was right that we talk about the significance of the boogaloo. And for the third segment we 're going to end talking about super tuesday and the primaries and how libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There 's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy i want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural english with liam. How are you all doing today i 've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah it 's been a good day. I 'm recording this from hawaii. But actually i 'm going to schedule this episode. So i 'll record it and then i 'll save it to come out later because i will be traveling back to japan. So yeah if you were listening before then you 'll remember that i was in vacation in hawaii when i 'm recording this and yet going back to japan. So this one will you 'll be listening to this while i 'll probably be on an airplane or perhaps i 'll be in osaka because i 'm going to spend a few days in all.
What 's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about forest but do we really know about it you are now listening to let 's talk trees with me and get your hand. India 's a podcast brought to you by c for annie graph. When we hear the word science we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of forestry agroforestry and landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what 's the use of.
Acts when the day of pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled with the holy spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in jerusalem god-fearing jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If i can start a dude shit seriously like it really took me by surprise when i found out that they did not have legend anymore. Yeah like i always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh i wonder exactly me. Amantha We pull up beside you. I 'm fucking ready for it. Dude I 'm in mac side of wedge. Yeah we pull up i was like oh no would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You 've guys said wedges i said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what i did n't get wedgies because what was it ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you iris deceitful your mama reason people and i do n't appreciate what you 're doing to me. It 's actually upsetting. It 's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular.
As noticeable as a record label we 're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the upc. youth ministries daily devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote volume which is available on the pentecostal publishing house and youth ministries websites. It is our desire at youth ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with jesus christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number verses through. Then moses sent to cora here. Now you sons of levi it is a small thing to you that the god of israel has separated you from the congregation of israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the tabernacle of the lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the family podcast. Did you know the average americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially independent. I 'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial independence and reach retirement on or from age. In kayla and i have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family. Com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial independence journey now let 's get into the episode. Hey welcome to episode of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I 'm ben pereira and i 'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who are n't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more d industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how conde nast magazine brands operate cnx and conde nast magazine brands create content for different purposes but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of the feeding frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and i 'm so glad to finally i feel like i tell you what i feel like the flow from what 's the book about the white way i feel like i 've caught the white whale and i finally got every in the podcast with us. So well thank you. So good to finally have you alone how many times should we reschedule and honestly yeah. I think i lose to answer to the wrong here. So this is n't your fault.
Hey it 's anthony again. And i 'm serious. When i say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We 're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you 're interested download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and i 'll help you promote it to ave maria.
Hello and welcome to team franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a moment to thank everyone for downloading sharing the link and i 'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in the game of competing or fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an exit plan. I 'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance like files fans. I 'm here to talk about anchor because it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It 's free. It 's free. It 's free. I could stop there. But let 's go on there 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many many more. Seriously there 's places my podcast is on. I 've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can i 'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well i 'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful burbank california. This is an.
Hey everyone and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast examining the true crime cases that fascinate and intrigue us. I 'm ariel and i 'm amanda. Thanks for joining us. We ca n't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today i wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of february.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well there 's many things but one of them that bothers me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There 's six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You 're supposed to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do wwf moves on it. that 's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they 're not supposed to but they just ca n't help themselves but do a little skipper. Ooh on the couch but when you catch them i have a tendency to overdo it. I 'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop Stop Stop Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey welcome to another edition of mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes I was by your boy mac. Now yeah we are near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man we just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from california. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I 'm your host development ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling milo. She 's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and alton see company based in sandton. She 's a skilled in-house legal counsel who 's day-to-day duties through drafting vetting and reviewing of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She 's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We 're your hosts. I 'm abby and i 'm erica today. I 'm going to be telling you about the disappearance and murder of dorothy jane scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let 's dive in. Dorothy james scott and her son sean lived in california at dorothy 's aunt 's house near anaheim at the time of our story in. Dorothy is and her son sean is for sean 's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview i have three questions for you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one what are three words that you would use to describe yourself three and i have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and innovative. Mmm And can you tell us a dad joke i wanted to respond by saying no i ca n't see what happens if i responded that way but here 's my try. So why did the dad know that his baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was data i tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The harvard association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today 's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about spotify spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That 's for free hallelujah. No premium account necessary spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you 're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you can share what you 're listening to with friends on instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you have n't done so already be sure to download the spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in your library tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let 's see what we 've got on the ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by keith wilson of keith wilson. Counseling Com Hello everybody. It 's a brand-new monday.
I would have to say is ipa the india parallels which there 's a lot of them out there. But me i 'm stick to the sierra nevada or the dogfish head. Ip 's that 's the shit right there mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to bruges beats eats the podcast i am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I 'm joined. I 'm.
Welcome to on the podcast where no question is off the table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor marvin reese posing the questions that really matter to brazilians and the city of bristol from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It 's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name is jasmine jenkins and i 'm studying broadcast journalism at the university of the west of england. My name is simon white. I 'm studying media and journalism at you as well. And i 'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the eu on the student population well i understand from what i understand for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas has n't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they 've been very proactive. I 'm reaching out from the very beginning. I 've worked with university leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see ptsd podcast. I 'm your host monique joven. I 'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about hope and recovery. Hi everyone welcome back to the podcast. I 'm really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist elizabeth earnshaw. We were talking about relationships when we 're in relationships with partners and we really want them to understand what we 're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that 's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y temple carrick podcast to start us off with our new podcast. We will have kim 's calendar. So before we move on to some of the events that are happening i think maybe we should talk about mu n that happened last friday and saturday was n't it i 'm kate. i thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh yeah so there was an m un conference in wellesley college dublin for two days. friday the and saturday the and it was very successful and un conference three and tar dempsey adam latino sheena iyengar died standing delegates and our country canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So i was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is lindsey devon. I am professor emeritus of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the medical university of south carolina in charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official journal of the american college of clinical pharmacy. Today We 're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr Rack is an clinical pharmacists at loyola university medical center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody welcome back to the dallas and show the podcast that i have. Um i 'm here with liana my girlfriend lee and how you doing i 'm good how happy happy march. Happy martin. You 'll marilla marzipan march march. Oh you know it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah I felt really stupid because i had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember you know i grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we 'd always teased that his dad was only like or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that 's interesting and whenever i 'm in years of living that 's how old you are never thought wow could 've fooled me. Well apparently they celebrate it on the or today. That 's so sad. That 's not their birthday. Yeah it 's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started no it was julius caesar really because every four.
Well hey there riley. Hey jack. How 's it going pretty good man. I thought you were leaving for the night. I know i 'd stick around a little bit. I know you did too. Yeah Yeah whatever. This mike 's doing here. Yeah i guess we 'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways yeah let 's use that. Yeah what 's the name of this podcast again just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever 's two guys filming tea. Yeah Yeah Well i thought you do n't like tea. Yeah i like coffee. So it 's that i 'm a big tea. I do n't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah i mean my personal favorites. Probably earl grey. Yeah I mean it 's a pretty good right yeah. I think it 's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee i truly like espresso. I make sense. Well what if you made this podcast if it 's just called just the tea why do n't we just named ourselves those well i do n't know i do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys but then we 're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah I do n't really like that much. i think i 'm gonna go.
Good morning everyone welcome to our friday spending time with jesus podcast today. I wanted us to look at romans chapter the entire book of romans is jam-packed with theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing epic. Ders that people quote all the time and romans chapter is really no different and romans we 're dealing with our sexuality. We 're dealing with idolatry. We 're dealing with the question of is the law of god really written on the human heart no matter where they 're at. No matter where they 've grown up or what they 've heard all their lives and it 's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into romans chapter which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle hawks podcast hawk and loaded. I am judge fleming join alongside. My co-host breath stock was there and i am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the seattle dragons on sunday that opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah i would agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. i talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus and a half and i should n't have done that. You know you know the battle hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope that 's not what it says. What 's up everyone welcome back to the nope. That 's not what it says show. I am the rude samantha and i cannot express to you how stinking excited i am to share the next few episodes with you. I 'm sitting down and talking with scotty lewis. And we 're talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we 've had. But it 's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial and timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in america and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah either this microphone is broken or something happened and we could n't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there 's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah and so we do n't know if this is recording actually has any so we 're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still listen to the podcast please do all right we 're families to feed. Let 's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are kevin and daylan. Daylan and kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is million dollar career opportunity. So do n't miss out on your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by mckinsey. So i know how to present myself come join this podcast. I 'm going to share with you what i 've learned in years of mckinsey and years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here once you 've listened enough join our facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way powers. They are offer from a top global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on saturdays and sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We 're busy but sunday especially given towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let 's start packing lunches. Etc it 's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it 's a you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys ca n't even wait to go back and like know i hate school. i think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and you 're not in kindergarten anymore right we got through versus third grade.
Hey guys it 's teacher monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this video. Now If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles you can always go back and watch that video as well in english. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like russian. I want to say japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes english articles are very confusing and then there are languages like german that has i think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an english speaker that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways so in these videos i 'm trying.
Hey guys this episode is sponsored by anchor you have n't heard about anchor. It 's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely love love it. Love it robert tell the people i anchor so great one. It 's free love free big plus when it 's free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to anchor but they 'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast spotify stitcher google podcasts does amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it 's free and you can make money. Yes it 's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the app store and you are.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv. everybody welcome to the summer house after show we 're looking at season episode hamptons vice. I am your girl trina kong and wow. Wow Wow do we have a lot to cover tonight lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new jordan stuff to talk about and we 're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and i 've got some fun engagement news. You guys you 'll have to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who 's crazier then who and then we 'll end it off with some predictions for what 's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello this is vincent from the great british drafting show every week. We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the nfl draft class and what it means the carolina panthers. I will be joined every week but ali my co-host and we will talk about what matters at each position where the panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what 's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times draft class has to offer we will be going each position group one by one in the box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the panthers go about this rebuild that we 've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you 're listening to and give us a try. We 're quite good the great british drafting show available on apple google spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children on an eerie october in. Something was n't right in transylvania transylvania college in kentucky. That is at a. M On october some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. what if she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late. He 's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter betty gale brown oh mrs. Brown I 'm so sorry. I did n't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment domestic abuse and mental illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under year old nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister 's nursemaid had warned him but it was too late the sandman was already on his way. Hey nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused at his feet. Mmm
Oh can you put a little bit of honey mix fit to give our yeah i know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of the cow. They died a white because there 's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow 's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I 've tried like almond milk just is n't there 's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze not this smells good does n't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can i was absolutely vile and i do n't know why people eat it. So it actually tastes like bean juice that it 's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is i do n't think i 'm a problem. I think you 're the problem. Just leave the cars. We 've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum 's milk.
Hey hey you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what it 's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- and you 're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It 'll be yours and it 's totally free. Once again get the anchor app. I 'll go to anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda I 'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled i think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to florida basketball. on this week 's show. We will discuss florida 's loss at tennessee get into florida 's win at georgia puts the gators to and ahead of senior day in the odom saturday at kentucky. Carrie blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for scotty. Louis could be the last game for dante pass it dante bassett 's going to graduate with honors high honors i think in the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions. It 's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is march. Now we 're from this week 's sponsor for the basketball. this week is brought to you by anchor that 's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It 's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the upc. youth ministries daily devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote volume which is available on the pentecostal publishing house and youth ministries websites. It is our desire at youth ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with jesus christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March entitled debtors to all today will be reading from psalm chapter verses through have mercy on me o lord for i am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did i can get a listeners louis burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock fm. If you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and i to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter katrina sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we 're going to unpack the racist tweets from that have caused trouble for the leader of the usa chapter of the ku klux klan. We 're also joined by youth gonzo journalist ever who goes deep to bring you stories like is god real well it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right frank bush welcome to the podcast. my friend brett i 'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah i appreciate you taking the time. It 's been a little while since we 've chatted. So what have you been up to since your retirement from usa swimming patty and i my wife decided probably when i had a year left in colorado springs at my position that we would move back to tucson. And so after i retired from the position at usa swimming we rented a home. We 're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing the podcast where every day we 're getting a little better at life. I am your host corey mascara in today 's episode. I 'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first let 's settle in with the sound of the bells. Finding your life 's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting or just too big to tackle that some people seem to have a natural sense of their life 's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey what 's going on everybody welcome to take it or leave it podcast. I 'm one of your hosts egan with one of my co-host jordan. What 's up guys this is jordan and brady turner. Hey how 's it going guys this is brady turner. This is the first episode of the italian. Wait a second. Why did n't i get my last name introduced as well all right i knew as soon as i said someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit but i 'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan reese here we go. What 's up its jordan reese here reese please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We 're probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we 're doing this. Actually let 's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend siri to pick a number between one and five. She 's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it 's definitely.
Hi guys welcome to today 's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course amazing stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My guess my old friend mikey moon mikey. How you doing today good. Thank you mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really so i let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what i 'm doing. So i was browsing linkedin the other day and i saw mikey mikey we went to college back in. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now he owns a gym and he 's been very very very.
Hey everyone welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I 'm your host travis likens. I 'm chris rwk. I 'm corey from strange cat toys. We 're here for episode. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want to check them out make sure to head over to sticker fide. Com Also the love city where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code urban robot cat at checkout you 'll receive off your order. That is no love city. Com And then also sd prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at sd screen printing dotnet. So episode. What do you been up to chris and i think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research but ultimately can never be verified except by society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There 's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On july twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in hong kong to protest the recent extradition bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around p. M A subway train pulled into yuen long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys it 's your host patrick seymour. I 'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script i will admit. So if you have n't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast let me explain. It 's completely free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways let 's get this rolling. Like a record record right now i can just cut it. Okay So like you ready but you got it closer. It 's just an iphone like this every time. All right let 's start it as soon as it hits okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look time podcast. If you 're back hello and welcome back sue 's of time. I have a special guest today. Who 's helping me. I 'm drinking tea. This is my friend lavie. Hello Um i 've known the birdie i live. Oh yeah if you hear a screeching noise she has a really old bird. He 's gay. Oh my phone also levi brown this is already turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking violet and i am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He 's so angry. like he 's a parakeet. he 's a budgie budgie and like he 's just tiny. He 's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he 's mad like you 'll just mad like i go over i 've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode of the privacy right podcast. I 'm noel boivin senior communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for british columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy right aims to connect british columbia 's personal information protection act or hipaa to the everyday work of the more than million organizations that use or close personal information in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It 's about getting privacy right to build and maintain trust. Today we 're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated. Million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right here we go. Another episode episode of the one man ride podcast. I 'm your host michael ward. That was little foo fighters. We go in there my hero which is the reason that brought it up is because i was going over all the players that i 've gotten some shout outs for which i love so keep them coming some.
Its behavior bitches hey guys it 's lia and casey and we 're back and today it is episode. This guy is our special valentine because valentine 's day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he is our special valentine. We 're so excited and you guys know where to find us. You can find us on instagram at behavior bitches podcast on. Look at behavior but just podcast or on a regular browser at www. Beertown Org Bitches Com leave us a review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said do n't say it at all. Thanks Okay So now casey what 's our review of the day well i was going through apple podcast reviews and i thought it was only fitting.
The bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when rachel lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist dms that i certainly wo n't be repeating the second was handled tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on reddit passionate bachelor nation fans think it 's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at the bachelor show runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You ca n't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up victoria 's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all is n't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why shaggy are first of all i would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to anchor todd fm to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys you know publishing podcast was so easy. If i had only known it like five ten years before early because all i need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and i do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. if you have some come content which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara Namaskaram everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today 's podcast i will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you 're ready to have a super week because it 's heroines week on choppers. Every day we 'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first let 's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient china. Her name was empress shilling. and she discovered something that changed china forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen emperor is shilling. She ruled over ancient china with her husband emperor windy the story goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In kentucky college student betty gale brown was found dead strangled by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of betty gale brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history 's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under. On an eerie october in.
All right everybody. It is me and christian here with our very good buddy thomas real stone from the history of otero. I pronounce it right that was pretty good. Actually Yeah that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of new zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you 've been working on and what we 're going to be talking about today. Sure So kilda my name is thomas and i as you 've just heard i 'm the bloke behind the history of altered or new zealand podcast which does what it says on the tin podcast. It 's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or new zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life. Hi everybody. How 's it going i am doing great. It 's kind of weird. I normally record on fridays but this week i 'm recording on a wednesday because i 've been traveling a little bit and now i 'm confused as to what day it is because i 'm doing all my normal friday things on wednesday. Does that ever happen to you i think it 's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It 's tuesday and then you discover that it 's actually thursday. Anyway that 's just what 's happening in my world today. We 're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus chakra deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special la rams. Uk podcasts. You have chris with you today. We said that we 'd be adding these special podcast seeing through the offseason and that we 're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today 's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the city of angels of allah and in london so he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen can i introduce the la rams stadium announcer.
Hey it 's tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds. Com I 'm a huge fan of dan eric and spotify we spotify in the office all day long as you might know spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you 're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you 're listening to with your friends on instagram. Have n't done so already be sure to download the spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on spotify or browse podcast in your library tab. Also make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is bush league. I 'm tobias carla.
Right joined by manager steve king preview and tomorrow 's game against st. Albans steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on tuesday night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It 's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And i kind of knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our second half clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we have n't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was jeb. What have you made of him so far capital k jp will get better the more games you 'll be placed if we will get better you know he 's a different.
The other night after the show i was talking to some girls that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know thankfully i was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it 's much easier. It is now gotten super easy you know so anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place so you do n't have to get pro tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It 's free. It 's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know if we did n't have a background and recording you know it just makes it so easy. I mean we 've recorded.
What 's up mavs fans if you have n't heard about anchor yet it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. It 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi this is donnie nelson. Back podcast it 's the mavericks. I do n't know acting no samuel jackson the ball you know that his magic post move deadly get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah get nasty. He 'll drop do n't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing i 'm great. How are you doing brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you 've got an amazing story and i love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah thank you. I 'm so excited that you 're doing this. I think it 's somewhat long overdue and you know i love listening so far and i ca n't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah I mean i 've told you many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and i 've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this i think we can all.
The primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course we did n't expect to die out here. You know i 'm beginning to wish i 'd asked for more money radio where gamers roll radio. Com All right welcome back ladies and gentlemen boys and girls to squad tactical. Uh we are going to have a really fun episode this week because we have got ep jillian aka evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by mail manager the outlook plug-in created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of the biggest names in construction judith please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That 's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. so i 'm judith hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the granville fire disaster but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I 'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded i 'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and i 'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent spirits. If you asking me why it 's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my youtube channel we 've hit subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know you feel like you 've accomplished something with me because without you like it 's impossible. So i 'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you have n't started checking out my ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on youtube. Then you might as well start. Do i need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that youtube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I would n't say a lots happened in football but a lot has happened. You 've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling jonathan illegal jonathan leak. Oh sorry the n-word we 're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I 'm david green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital hr leaders podcast. Hr does n't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It 's simply has to put another way. Hr must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in san francisco. The discussion was titled hr skills of the future and how to develop and features heather whiteman who lectures on people analytics at uc berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial rj milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show andy and bailey managing director of my hr future who previously held various roles at cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations and the moderator the.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We 're going to be talking about taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions the big question is how do we take control of our emotions here 's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but we 're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that 's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense what we 're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of you feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it 's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So i use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool social media stuff going on there always interacting there 's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they do n't have it already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is i 'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with king rose cars and you 've got the episode number coming your way. And thanks again last week to lugosi. We had a great chat and i really enjoyed that show and i hope you all did too and usurping you know my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we 're good. We 're happy as i always say to people i do this because i love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to see if we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it 's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well no not really different that there 's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast let me tell you something. If you have n't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They 'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to anchored ifm to get started. Hey do you want to join in on the excitement join me every tuesday night p. M On the chevy dude youtube channel. If you ca n't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at a. M Eastern time every wednesday morning. This is beyond where you 'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to anchor it 'll send your podcast to a playlist to google to spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what i have to say which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend does n't listen to what i ever say so there 's a surprise but i 'm glad that everyone is on board and i 'm excited for this little educational journey that we are going to go on together. I 've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So i 've done list of how i want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because i can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but i want you to shut your eyes everyone that 's listening. Please unless you 're driving. If you 're driving please do not show your eyes but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up guys this is the leafs convo pod cast for oak ridge ford in london ontario oak ridge ford. Com I 'm enje along with mike. It is thursday march the leafs at the la kings this evening. It 's a little pregame combo for you michael. We did n't get a chance to talk after the leafs loss in san jose. But hey that 's okay. They had won three in a row prior the beat goes on good morning norm. Yeah it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the leafs won three games in. Road that we 're key games against teams that were at least on par with them florida a few points behind them tampa bay ahead of them in the atlantic division and vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the western conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically you know playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the san jose sharks. I have to say that jack campbell kept him in.
Hi i 'm coach cory wayne. and the topic of today 's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in men. In other words. what are the triggers what are the things that women like about us guys so what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and obviously it happens in such a way that it 's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why do n't you go ahead and introduce our name not your name the name of our podcast. It 's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name i mean it 's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No that 's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason we 're doing this. I 'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice okay we see what we see what carson over here is in it i guess anyway so i 'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly i have this fenced account and i 've already made like six podcast and they 're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing bed at p. M Hi Do you want to do the show yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you 're an app you just woke up. I 'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that 's it. Are we talking about oh yeah we choose a subject but we do n't use the position where you 're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every thursday but most other days at p. M Est on my head. Here we go. i welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Do n't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr Eric berg. Today We 're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you 're put into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it 's a very very cold to me. maybe up to five minutes this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes what does that that is a situation where you 're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect. There 's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect but it 's really a survival mechanism that 's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit homestuck fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with andrew hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to read instead of listen both elizabeth 's are trained writers and editors. So we 're going to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours but we 're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you 're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter nia to serve her imperious condescension. It 's time to go to hell.
What 's up you 're listening to randomly relatable sg relate to welcome back to the podcast. I 'm wise. I 'm sure i 'm sabrina. I 'm deborah show and today we 'll be talking about dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She do n't know me. You do n't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch do n't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh hello. Again you 're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the outside image showing sides of each tube please. It 's heroines week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We 're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No your mom 's cool but we 're actually talking about an athlete named fanny blankerscoon. Oh okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the olympics the olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
On july millions of americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor walter cronkite presented some of history 's most legendary footage neil armstrong year-old american standing on the surface of the moon the apollo moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in custom-made camera transferring its signal back to earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different studios one in california and in australia when the broadcast was over and apollo made it safe return to earth the studio 's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the washington national records center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today 's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor is a one-stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all it 's a hundred percent free. It 's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact that 's what i 'm doing right now by reading sad i said it before but you know we love using incre you can start talking. It stopped save the audio. It 's very easy to you know trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So you know if you 've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to anchor dot f m / start that 's anchored fm / start let 's roll whole ruin the lives with an hour race binghamton. We do n't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that first saturday march.
All right you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that 's right. If you 're looking to host your own podcast. this got a content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It 's right do n't even need a computer but you can do it there too. They 'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds and you know what you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So you know what head over to your app store download a poor head anchored on fm to get started. If you 're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You 're listening to the london is blue or cocks. All right chelsea fans welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. a pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth aka tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - josh val said is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that pokemon is ho ho no. Oh she 'll like i had to make a supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there 's been at least ho ho ho joe. I think you had jojo maybe at one point now i 'll remember it because now it 's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - it 's a pokemon podcast.
You 're listening to awakening with rabbi ami silver on the chef of podcast network. Join rabbi ami as he shares from the wellsprings of jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and magilla that 's very close to my heart. It 's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name your yo-yo means you were kind of dozing off noonim. It 's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean um them yachts of you 're.
What 's going on on my premature millionaires i want to take a second to talk about anchor if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those
Today on marvel movie news. we 're talking about some internal stuff new mutants has a runtime. There 's some she-hulk rumors some loki rumors some hawkeye rumors some set photos and we 're going to do some fan casting for henry cavill after that. Let 's just call it a rumor all that and more today on marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here 's pop corn stalks marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah we have anything clever to say about that. I 'll take it. It 'll make sense in like minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to third eye awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual and psychic awakening where we talk about things like the shift from divide d consciousness the nature of time space the universe the multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things i 'm so glad that you 're here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right let 's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me today. I 'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on instagram. I 'm at.
podcast is brought to you by what my reading the uk 's most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally becky introduces it but today me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly we are spoiling you lately because we 've got another guest have n't we had a break up our waffle and today 's episode very interesting. We 're talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We 're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you 've got small children and some elements of planning a wedding when you 're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show molly. Hi holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I 'm tj. And today we are recording from the bethke home in maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that you 're good. It 's the intro song inches on the addressing. It 's the intro song we 're not in our basement at our home. Hey i liked it. Yeah welcome. Welcome Welcome Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It 's so humbling to know that i 'm always so grateful brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I 'm way more thankful. this episode 's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of jeff and elizabeth key. We 've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into irish illustrated insider. I 'm tim priester with tim o'malley to man booth today on monday march snorting spring drills. Begin this thursday march or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on friday march. And as we go through the spring there 's going to be a break again after that first practice but as we go through the spring we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many we have tim we have five open by focus and the beauties. They 're all full because that 's yeah. Yeah there 's in the new facility so we 'll have an opportunity. We 'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer right yeah actually yeah you 're actually set up and can actually work. So we 're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the uk fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming results discussing the shock defeat to liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team 's the game week joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features peter staunton. Last time you came on your above dave despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah how you faring now not very good. I 'm about. Million In the world which is still about half way. Yeah Yeah Well i think out of you know all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you 're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was the league cup final so there was games rescheduled so i did n't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh hey guys. Hello surprise back. we just missed you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here we wanted to talk about a few things that we 've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that it gets wild and we do n't want to you know take up too much time in the podcast after that. So yeah the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And i think now that they can be open and doing you know you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we 're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being fierce with six cents. The all-new fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to abercrombie. Com and click fierce to learn those singers back. Then i mean like they were they all came from church you know i mean and church was you know and i think there 's a larger conversation to be had about you know the death of the black church in the black community. in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear you know you do n't really hear like shouters or belters you know there 's a few here but every now and again probably last one is it fantasia you ca n't definitely fantastic. - that 's the last sort of occasions jennifer hudson. Yeah but just those big voices i mean you do n't really hear those now you mostly have you know just rob 's which is what i turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire. Com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I 'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the er ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals on today 's episode we 're discussing the biblical approach to fitness and nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back this is season episode of truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group as leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just do n't have the time. I 've been mentoring people now for over years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I 've been thinking a lot about how i can mentor more people how i can help more people. So i have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You 'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What 's up razorback fans welcome to the friday http show. I 'm ty hudson on behalf of everyone here at the http. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo pig sooie go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on arkansas razorback fans at cc fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog talk podcast. It 's the friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. one of your hosts are dana husband here with my friend and clever te and gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. Before we get started on today 's death. I just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who 's been learning along with us over the past. It 'll be plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we 've learned together please send us a message through our facebook page or whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the podcast daily top lists. I 'm your host simon in today 's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally published on youtube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let 's get into it. Hello I 'm simon whistler you 're watching top internet. And in the video today we 're looking at the top real-life spy bungles of july israeli agents of the mossad killed a waiter in lillehammer norway seeking revenge for the munich olympics massacre of israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct spy games over the years there have been some egregious errors by secret agencies and here we have of those biggest oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines. Com So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of finding ultra. He also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular rich roll podcast. We talked about extension crises alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I 'm so happy that you reached out to me heidi. It 's absolutely a delight to see you. It 's been many years. So i 've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat international today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation in turkey in. Major protests occurred in turkey after the proposal of a bill that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn but in january the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello i 'm derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and i want to thank you for liking and subscribing as so far and want to touch another thing that i did last week. I made a mistake on the caroline flack part where i was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and i notice when i listen back to it that i said be nice. It 's not a big mistake. It 's not a big difference but you know my ocd kicked in and i kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster rx. And good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the top that we did for my birthday. And for hazel 's birthday will do it for a week as birthday and we 'll do it for marquis birthday. Yeah the top. Introduce rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let 's say somebody just why is it like it 's terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they 're like who are these people.
Hello Hello My name is ben hill singer. And this is the big fat snare drum podcast. Today 's episode is part of my conversation with dan bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who 's played with father john misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that bailey method parts one and two recorded that his own studio track land in orange county in part. One dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It 's amazing part two dives little deeper into how and why taylor 's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at d richard bailey bailey spelled be a il e why. and check them out on instagram @ d richard bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome Hello you have returned. This is mediocre millennial advice. My name is terry deal. My name is katelyn novgorod and are i 'm one glass of you know verde. I 'm two glasses vinho verde if you do n't know what vinho verde is going to trader joe 's pick it up. like it 's worth. It 's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to but it 's delicious. Yeah and if there 's no section for it it 's not like you can be like excuse me. Where 's the vinho verde sections like one bottle if you know white wine is green wine. That vinho verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone which is why they do n't put it in an area anyways anyways anyways um yeah in case you 're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year journey. I just have to say that throughout high school. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for life. Enjoy the episode. Alright Well thank you so much for joining episode of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend allison and i 'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I 'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably the first part you would norm for is the power of methadone mac on still game since then he 's been in a lots of things like car. Of a rule lane of juvie they dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few detective mike clock. And he 's a really good actor. He 's a really good guy and he 's got an immense talent. I do n't want to get deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was that you 're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know bring it back and do it again twice. That 's what i 'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and i got my lovely.
Hey this is marc a altman if you enjoying listening to us imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now You can watch the movie with steven watching darren doctrine ashley miller and me mark a altman every day on electric. Now How do you get electric now you download distro tv stir tv zumo tv and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You do n't have to have not them all of them but it helps and you can watch us on the electric now channel do n't miss us as we bring you the movie in your house in person. Hey this is marc a altman from inglorious trucks birds in the movie. And if you 're a james bond fan you want to pick up my new book nobody does it better the complete uncensored oral history of james bond and spy mania. It 's a hefty tom and it 's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out i will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the future socks podcast. My name is mike rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on twitter at chris ludacris. What 's going on i appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some white sox baseball on the future sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because i do n't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So i 'm going to completely screw this up mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah we 're excited over at saks in the basement right now where we 've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a grassroots thing that i did n't expect to get as big as it 's turned into and now you know we got this live event of cork and kerry the park on the and we 're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the pod be nap and it 's just it 's a fun ride and it 's great that we 're growing just as the team.
You 're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both the hobby and business sides of collecting. I 'm your host mike summer and i want to help you sell and trade your way into a collection you 'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards no really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse i think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you would be yes i 'd be better off if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it 's free which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you 're done they 'll distribute your podcast for you on spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app or go to anchored off. I 'm to get ready hey so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or. I honestly do n't know what means i think my.
What 's up podcast on this one i chat to netherlands. Rugby league board member matt rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I 'm michael carboni. This is episode of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You 're listening to jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right ladies and gentlemen on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I 've got a very special guest with us all the way from the uk and recently appointed to the netherlands. Rugby league bond board mad rigby.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life and football. Com Once again the website is life and football. Com Thanks for listening williams. Plus it is heath roles and it 's yes sir. That was eight and are behind with a big catch right there for wyoming that was in a bowl game against georgia state. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I 'm telling y'all hand down wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man war memorial stadium is going to.
If you have n't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good echo the fm to get started. Hi lynn richardson this is wealth talk. I 'm so excited about talking to you about money but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love theology and health because i believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It 's about establishing harmony in your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today 's episode of the hatchery podcast is brought to you by luxor technology north america 's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine from a variety of notable altcoins to big daddy bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in october. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into. We would love it if you as listeners would support the show by ting them you can find them online at luxor dot tech and give them a follow on twitter at luxor tech team. Hey everyone thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today 's episode mean hash and i are joined by mr. Seth estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big tech into the crypto space. So i hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts one day peter and john were going up to the temple at the time of prayer in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth was being carried to the temple gate called beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw peter and john about to enter he asked them for money peter looks that him as did john then peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then peter said silver or gold i do not have.
Occupy a job on wall street is an autobiographical novel about new york city in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode the lincoln center cat fight after the asian financial crisis of. There was a sharp decline in wall street 's interest in the region and in their defense it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in endless deflation every news piece on south korea showed row of empty office buildings. And the chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants but i work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal asia trading started to bloom it my fund we already had fx in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff hey how was the weekend it was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry You were n't in florida. I know it is rough being back here in pa but it was all right. I ca n't complain man you know on friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes I 'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh i do n't know if you should go back to florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has disney and sunshine and your brother. Well yeah. Yeah Oh no michael i 'm sorry. No michael mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to michael. That 's it.
So in this episode let 's have a look at act of macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after macbeth has been crowned king banquo speaks to himself. He 's afraid the macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He says i fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be kings macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that 's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus beth is afraid that the wise banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but whose being i do fear macbeth noted the witches also prophesize the backwards sons would be kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait i want it put this one behind me too. So i 'm right. I do n't have sleepy sound. Yeah i do n't be drowsy heat alert right here we go. Welcome back to question the self you 've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way i hoped when i was younger.
like you 're dying the podcast my personal journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no you 'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly would n't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You
have you thought about views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That 's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have amazing creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to spotify. Apple podcast google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or go to anc hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey it 's ryan reedy and this is episode of the two-minute tennis podcast. So i 'm going to share with you a kind of the lesson that i had today for high-level women 's doubles players.
Hey everyone welcome back to the latest episode of survive. Hr My name is kelly scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I 'm here joined by my co-host steve now so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life we change the plan because there 's this little known virus out there that 's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it were n't you just in california. Yeah i was and i is n't is n't that where coronavirus is originated. well like have you been watching united states i think you were n't tested when you came back. Nobody 's looked at you they have n't even taking my temperature. All right. Well i 'm glad we 've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel Yes from proactive mz huge supporter of proactive and d. So i 'm excited that.
Hi i 'm coach cory wayne. and the topic of today 's newsletter is going to be gaining clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He 's in a situation where i guess he 's been married. And he 's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife apparently about weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he 's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce but the interesting thing is he 's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
What 's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and hospital podcast only for the scorch ko yung and are david 's alibi was engaged those things but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest soma soma and it 's actually been a long process a few when we first said it was going to be like yeah let 's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year but interesting how we actually go to my i do n't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ai n't all sunshine and rainbows. It 's a very mean and nasty place and i do n't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life but it 's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That 's how winning is done. Well if you know what you 're worth then go out and get what you 're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ai n't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ai n't you better than that. It 's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo Yo yo it 's your boy evan. Those were little bit of words from rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up podcast. We know it 's ryan crach and myself drew davis. So let 's get into it. And we 're i think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well yeah. Okay Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things i so for them. It 's a week but maybe week monday here. Yeah or tuesday. It 's to say tuesday. Sorry I got my week mixed up tuesday. It 's super tuesday. Oh yeah i do n't know what that means. It 's something political and shaking his head at me. It 's not super tuesday. Oh whatever do. All right. how 's your four-day how 's your past four days been oh well three words. They were great until today.
Guys welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe unfortunately the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because he is on spring break. He 's living it up in spain. What up christian are you doing but this week we have three very special guests from lehigh university. Number one matt fisher my roommate what up dude and nicole and martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast they 're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today We 're featuring our episode on betty gale brown from the unsolved murders podcast in. Her murder shocked the state of kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to betty gale brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under. On an eerie october in. Something was n't right in transylvania transylvania college in kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer aid conference which is happening for the third year on saturday june in providence rhode island. a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for minutes. I hope you 'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode akins also known as dutch. Oh
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the dj 's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the dj 's the regular program the management and the network.
From vice and exclusive to spotify you listening to extremes with me julian morgan 's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we 're looking at one of the most ambitious science experiments of the century. It 's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you 'd imagine it all went a little bit lord of the flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else you know if we exchanged any kind of blows that was it.
All right here we go. Do n't screw up. Hey hello and welcome to i want to be your canary. There 's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple states. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were tuxedos and it 's time. I love cast edition. Yes i love that when you say it. You sound like you 're trying to be a radio announcer. You 're like welcome back to another episode of i do n't want to put my microphone. We 're not in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now we 're sitting in our living room. So we 've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so what 's the plan today listen i have n't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah Okay So let me rephrase that. I have n't really.
this is recovery when i 'm jay lag and i 'm nb and this episode is reviewing the season finale see of chilling adventures of sabrina season episode and it 's called chapter. Sabrina is legend and do n't forget guys stick around for any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a amazon gift card and a pop socket. To just written comments on our itunes page and you 'll be entered in the draw. We 're extending this contest to the end of riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Do n't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let 's get into the episode. Yo let 's get into it the season finale. What do you think it was good it was really good. They 're a couple things that i think i would have wanted done differently. But yeah i 'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters alex and sarah franklin bring on comedians to recap bachelor episodes and reflect on their own journey with bachelor nation. Enjoy women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women i mean woman. Hello everybody welcome back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children on a summer day at bass lake the california hells angels were gathered for their annual meeting the unofficial leader. Our year old sonny barger strolled through the quiet campground as president of the oakland charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That 's what he 'd say. As sonny walked he spotted a brand new california hells angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the socal charters the show of unity pleased sonny. They were all brothers under the.
He 'll and welcome to a satanist treats to bible exploring the bible christianity and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of satanism and order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to the excellent album hearts of no light by shamash which i highly recommend for fans of behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of music i 've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it 's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because i 'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the block and it 's probably well past time that.
What 's up guys make sure you download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on spotify put out on apple podcast. It 's perfect all my friends use it. It 's by far the best platform i 've used. I 've used other platforms and i 'm so happy i stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you 're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you 're interested as well. Hey man how 's it going you 're a good man. You 're good. I 'm good. I 'm my.
So here 's the scenario you 're in a relationship with a partner and that partner has another partner that person by the way for those of you do n't know has a special term. It 's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner 's partner. So your partner 's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you 're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to be friends with them. Maybe you 're really into kitchen table poly which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone 's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I 'm stoked that you 're joining me this morning for today 's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking i 'm excited to dive deep into zach 's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has brewing you may have previously known zach is one of the og neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast zach a georgia. Thanks for having me. So zach and i actually met at sanda coffee. That 's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah you should park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we 're doing and get chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you 're interested in learning more about raising your vibration check out our show notes in a hotel room me they always have those bibles and i opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is well. They 're from satan and i 'm thinking you kind of have that habit of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So what i 'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we 've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being you is so painful from that painful place. That 's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I 'll be your host and i have to say i 'm extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode i 'll just be introducing waking youth. How did i come up with this idea and what waking youth is all about so over the summer i was listening to a lot of podcasts and i was thinking that i really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when i started the semester i am third-year communication student in spain. I was also looking for an initiative and i was feeling very stressed and very anxious and i realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because obviously we 're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project listeners emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the frolic podcast network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know i am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and amelia. Well her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and anyone who reads or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we 're really excited to be a part of this community. If you 're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the frolic network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books which is sarah wendell 's podcast about romance. She 's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We 're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of true crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal crimes of passion episode. We 're exploring the most fascinating true crime themes covered across the park as network. We 've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas like motivation method and madness and show how interconnected the true crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We 're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist robert fain in conjunction.
We 're back. It 's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here we 've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it 's just us today. We are here in the morning. I do n't know what is wrong with us. We literally make the goal every morning to wake up at. Like this is some sight. was it safe and james woke up at and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat something happens where we just like i do n't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello welcome to the theology pug cast and we 're glad to have you with us again. And it 's the whole crew here today and we 're going to do this ourselves in a minute but guys i realized just the other day that we 've been at this for a year. Well i think this is like episode or something. maybe that 's wrong. We need the fact checkers out there to correct us you know occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome we correct each other in the course of the show but that just has because we is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and i think most of the time we do catch each other but caitlin someone catches us from someplace else. Never glad. I 'm glad that i do n't think it 's ever happened to glenn. I 'm glad you got me last week on warfield and whitfield. I 've not heard the end of it my colleague frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to la world. I 'm so sorry. I 'm a fucking week late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week i came to new orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and i could have recorded like the days after but i had so much shit like a dentist 's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear i have errands to run i was linking with people that i see in a while. Basically i really did n't have time and then i 'm staying in new orleans and my mom house and then my brother 's over here and nephews and it be loud like i 'm finally recording because now i 'm finally in my house and no one 's here right now which is kind of rare. So i 'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they 'll be gone for these minutes but i 'm back home been.
You are now tuned into ryan real podcast. Hi My name is donna and my name is stacy. twin sisters and farmers have loved advocates keeping it raw and real on womanhood culture and christianity please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also please note when you have a sample known truth because i said being a mean and a sample monogamy nieto at massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us okay now that 's weird. It 's time to. Welcome to get an american again. Welcome to arnar with him that and stacy. Hello everybody. What 's up.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode i believe i can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah Boom one for one. Love it. Justin anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the snap. It 's there wait for your intro next time. That 's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that patrick marsh joining us via skype in the maritimes. bud it 's going great. It 's starting to warm up out here. It 's weird. like it 's raining. So it 's like almost always cloudy but you can tell it 's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we 're used to being known for out here. It 's weird. it 's like it 's been positive degree temperature every day for the last i think week something like that. Well it sucks here so good for you wherever you 're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor itunes spotify google podcast. Tuna and stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise extreme caution for children under. There 's something magical about a college campus where everyone 's gone home for the holidays the bite of new frost sits in the air and the snow-covered world feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league gothic architecture. It 's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave.
After we got off the roller coaster peter you could n't walk in a straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes and then moving i came back with hot dogs for everyone. Oh those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And lee was like hurry franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah i definitely remember that because you 're the only person i know who loves funnel cake more than i do franklin. Yeah Good old franklin always doing his franklin e things wait a second. Who 's franklin.
This is the sports criminals march madness special each day in march. We 're counting down the top sports scandals of the past years in today 's episode we go back to the year almost people. Remember oj simpson 's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder but he also had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our march. Edna special as always you can listen free on spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in los angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every triumph in.
We are on welcome did n't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass south african as slum it 's just made me itchy. My name is bill and i 'm the nice mother. So where are we right now tim.
Your alarm clock sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes of slumber before your waking life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short minute increments of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think i have a dentist appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather 's like the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you do n't remember exactly what degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr Carve ellis and i sat down with dr. Ricardo vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo vallejo he is the man the myth the legend behind stem genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem jackson millennium pain center. And for the record some jenks was recently acquired by medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What 's up dawg fam happy monday and welcome to episode number of the doubt health podcast. My name is derrick teal. I 'm the owner and operator of dialed health which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore austin thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style what is that so we 're going to break down the science and we 're also going to break down some reality because you know all the science in the world. Sometimes ca n't get around real life factors. I think so we 'll talk about both and then really why i choose to do them and why i do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we 're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode of anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is nurse key. And as you can see my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode. I 'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode. I 'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I did n't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to quick read. Com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the fine art of small talk by deborah fine written by alicia laurie and quick read narrated by alex smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate rita passed out invites to her birthday party that deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you 've ever thought about starting your own podcast but you 're not really sure how to get started. We 'll anchor is the way to do it. That 's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you listen to skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as spotify apple itunes google stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it 's easy and best of all it 's free. So go to anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We could n't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to join the facebook group follow us on social media. I 'll have all the pertinent links at the bottom. So today 's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before i get to the details of the coronavirus i have.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor fm to get arted penis hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. it 's called speaking for the bag. We have kaylee. I 'm calling jace and avery. I ca n't believe you do n't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it like everything.
if you want to do some workouts at home if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now i 've just been ogden da hood at uk. I 'll repeat again. Been ogden dot code at uk a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. you might get a chair up some point but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also off at the moment. Once again been ogden dot cody uk welcome to the audio trainer. You 're a personal trainer.
What 's up everyone i do n't know if you 're ready for this one but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let 's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week i decided you know hey i 'll take a break. I 'll watch a little bit of netflix you know. Oh here we go. My favorite guide the rock. He 's got a new movie out. Hell yeah you know the rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch wwe so the can always been like a legendary character to my life right so he 's got this new movie out rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share something that i 'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it 's kind of funny actually to be honest with you but i 'm whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that i dealt with before i went monk. And a father to a woman about my age that i met on one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites plenty of fish. And yeah that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on v wrist radio. We 're up to episode which has been a lot of fun and we 're certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And today i have another very special guest who goes by the instagram handle of grand obsessions irwin. How you going i 'm good mate. Thank you for having me. No worries at all. it 's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of times the end. Oh no. Oh no find yourself asians and find yourself a nation find your saving grace lord and repent of sins. All right you know what today 's episode is about it 's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We 're nearing the beginning of doc season. So we 're going to say that after today 's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where og milk gets new work and i really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez I did n't get a script shit you know else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it 's finally arrived finally. It 's here teespring. and it 's popping / stores / bogomil new march go get yours now. That 's it. You guys are super cheap ring. Com doors /og mill agah mi l. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit together with the help of jackie for designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you jackie. Love you. There 's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal. Simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. can we get ours now you can get yours go. Okay and then there 's also.
This episode is brought to you think with google podcast. I 'm tess vigeland the host think with google podcast. And in this show we 're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode think with google podcast drops on march. You can listen on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From yuma is reply all and bj vote and i 'm alex goldman. Socks mmm i 'm going to tell you a story that i think you sort of remember but maybe do n't know the details of okay so last spring i went to a therapist because i was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and i was complaining to this therapist. yeah i 'm just like so obsessed with this. I ca n't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode. What did i say to ya penitential good stuff episode of darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I 'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes I 'll listen. So how this one she 's got a mortgage. I 'm on often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my mike 's in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah No it 's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So i 'll give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to studio ever say it was a phone from the house. So i was reading up everybody who 's with her international women 's day events and i was on really well stir with nelson mccausland talking about whether or not queen 's university was a cold house for unionists and.
What 's good everybody this is mack wilds from the guys next door and i 'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor This is an amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the pod casting room get your voice heard out there. So if you have n't heard about anchor it 's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcast stitcher wherever honestly and like i 'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So i 'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age yeah. Yeah Yeah It 's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah yeah. Yeah watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today 's guests are love malone and bennett love is founder and ceo of a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo ogilvie and glaxosmithkline. She 's also working on a masters at harvard bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade world. They joined forces a few months ago and we 'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have brands be able to find people very quickly and agencies without all the.
Hey josh just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I 'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you have n't heard about any kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It 's free. It 's does n't cost any money. That 's why we use it. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On spotify apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download a tinker app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I do n't know. Yeah that works. That was good cool. i started i do n't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on dude. I do n't have to.
I have to admit that without the clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory you say master obi-wan not victory the shroud of the dark side has begun the clone war has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is a doing talking and friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season of star wars the clone wars on disney plus i 'm your host madison and i 'm your other host brad and we are so excited for today 's episode everybody.
Three two one the button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It 's towers weekend. And we 've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor studio we welcome today the reigning molokai to oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he 's a champion off the water but he 's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years james casey. Welcome to studio mate. Yeah good. Thanks for having me. So i 'm going to get here. So you 'd in the flesh. Yes Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend towers are good. Yeah i 'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they going to be fun. i hope so. Well the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it 's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is ac. All right everyone. We 're here. We have a crew here today. We have rebecca. We have ac and we have myself. So um this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so i was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it did n't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one podcast where you do n't hit record. yeah so we 're back. All right. What are we doing today today.
Traveling from pittsburgh to the pacific ocean was n't easy especially when you were doing it in a dugout canoe of june. The men of lewis and clark 's corps of discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the missouri river. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover of darkness a grizzly bear came into camp lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the explorers continue to doze. However one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys what 's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That 's right. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I 'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently i ca n't talk. It 's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up walk-ons episode number coming at you. We 're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how the hawks of this year did in indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What 's happening hearts capers this is episode of the how to hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we 've got a lot of value come and actually today 's episode is mark morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for intrigue media and he 's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of clients for your business not just any clients but the best clients into your business. How do i identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there so an awesome interview coming up with mark morris and here. So without further ado here is our interview with mark morrison today. I 'm joined by mark morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in canada marcus actually a longtime friend of mine and he 's here to talk with us.
If you have n't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player but i got all scheduled for today. what is this i do n't really have a topic. I just got some shit i want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What 's up everybody anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle. and welcome back to the podcast. So a big question that i get either via email or over on our youtube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more on my free training over at dropship webinar. Com I 'll post a link to that in the description by the way dropship webinar. but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is well what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale so i want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you know what i do and what i recommend so with that being said let 's go ahead and get into today 's episode. Okay So the first thing we should talk about.
We 're recording right adams park is the last podcast bro. I 'm a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very much so good. Yes good. i was n't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend johnny scott hello johnny. Hi guys. Hi johnny. How are you man i 'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable. Yeah It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah but months you know i think.
Hey everybody brayden chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson on english to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you are listening to me right now it 's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So i do n't have to track down apple and spotify and google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. right this ad that you 're hearing right now is an ad that i 've written for them so that i can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That 's why it 's free right i can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans you 're watching the episode of the lacks factor la crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of la crosse. We 're going to talk villanova at penn georgetown at towson hofstra ohio state stoneybrook at bryant denver at notre dame duke at loyola cuse at hopkins rutgers at princeton albany at maryland. Yell at michigan penn state at cornell. It is a lot of lacrosse to sneak into this show here before i get into it as always be sure to like hit the notification bell and then go to lacks factor. Com You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we 're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell la crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to off. So go to sideline swap. Com
Yeah the deus ex machina and there 's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah it 'll save us. Yeah Hey everybody. Welcome back to anam a summit podcast. Try to beth better spaced apart my words because nick was saying i was talking too fast. Anyway welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is sam and with me is danny. What 's up guys and space nick.
Well hello everybody. My name is array. I 'm your host for a conspirator this is my little kind of i guess you could say pod the caste. So i would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in if it 's a web recording who knows so what is this podcast about well let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy and no i mean i could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What 's going on everybody welcome back to the quickie. This is luke and i 'm going to talk about a convent not really conversation. Let 's talk about a statement from brandi love about her and her husband 's relationship whether it 's an open relationship with that. I do n't know how it will have fun. Alright stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show if you have n't heard about anchor before downloading it this time it is the easiest way to make a podcast and i encourage you to make your own podcast. It 's fun and it 's free. It 's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway you have conversations. Anyway why not record it and make money while you 're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So i can be heard on spotify apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone welcome to episode of the bestie breakdown with erica and shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the jessica simpson book open book shay. My question is no spoilers. We do n't have to say anything in case you have n't read but we totally recommend it shea tell me if you would rather be nick lachey or john mayer after reading jessica 's back home - if i were john mayer i would be under a rock right now. I even went to his instagram account. I do n't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That 's like the rabbit hole. I went down when i read this but that bad it 's not that bad. I went to his instagram because i do n't know in my head as i 'm reading the book. I 'm like shirley on his instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys it 's jeff. We 're back with the pop out was podcast. I 'm here with hannah burner from summer house. I 'm super excited to have her she 's hilarious. I think you guys will think so too. We 're recording here from the beverly center and i ca n't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I 'm here with hannah from summer house hannah burner. Mr Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr Epstein Yeah that was weird. I 'm sorry never safe. Do n't forget that. That 's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons but first of all because i feel like you 're what i would be if i moved to la like you 're an east coast and i 'm seeing my possible future if i stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. see wayne you 're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys welcome to the sasha t show. So for this episode this is actually going to be the heroes for life show that we do once a week with heroes for sale on instagram. So i 'm just about to go live with him right now. And this is what you 're going to be hearing. So if you missed the live this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we 're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to i not connecting and there is what 's up. Back again another week. I 'm excited dude. I 'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
what 's up guys aaron from paso smart ph here and welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah march madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting doma not. Oh certainly. Anyway look similar tayo with plc. So premium leisure corp. I think the discussion at all previous lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium leisure corplan corporate channel. I wanna be clas oil exploration but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the march edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian mcdonough. Here 's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the united states the death toll has climbed in addition. We know that those cases are based in washington state at a nursing home in seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the united states overall have climbed past a hundred. They 're scattered across. It 's with cases in washington state alone. As i mentioned that states getting hit very hard but it 's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in north carolina and wake county resident who had visited the washington state nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So where are we now what 's going on.
Hello welcome everybody here to another edition of the bitter truth podcast. Yeah Yeah Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system that 's running the whole game around us right now. That 's why you have a mac bitter truth to break it down and i 'm going to get into it because a lot of people said oh my god you break down this boy. You do n't break. Do n't die dog. You do n't get into certain things but i get into what i know about. You know what i mean we gonna talk about that. Also it 's stuff that i get into is what i know about stuff that i can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah
Hello everyone and welcome to the rand club the awkward noteworthy talk club with hunter all conus. And today we 're joined with mckay bryson who is actually talk about but let 's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh yes he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay Tell us a little bit about yourself. I 'm akay bryson and i 'm a junior here at byu and i am studying i 'm studying information systems which is very technical out. There i 'm from bountiful utah the homeland where did you serve your mission i served in the bangkok commission. I spoke thai i got time. Okay Um so.
In a young pan am co pilot named frank williams entered laguardia airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight personnel. He encountered williams approached the desk of eastern airlines and requested a flight to miami. This was n't unusual. It was a common courtesy for airlines to offer free tickets to all pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his panam id card and his certified pilot 's license. He was quickly assured aboard the next available flight frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot novak djokovic reign supreme in dubai subba lanka rises to the top in doha and maria sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host jolan kim today on the show. As always. We 're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the atp and wta tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off court period for the players we 've had kim clijsters.
Hey guys i 'm professor myron and i 'm a brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under professor aldo calvino. i 'm the owner and head instructor of cj of texas in round rock my jujitsu lineage starts from master carlos gracie junior and professor cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that i named to pay homage to my god. Choice but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors only show technique in the academy. They 're great techniques but rarely do professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as i dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode in the deep. All right. What 's up guys this is professor martin from.
Hi it 's brandi taylor. Welcome to the business beauty network podcast. business needs beauty. It 's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business to the next level. Hey welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to share today 's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing angie deepa teesta. she 's from toronto canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and red carpet events and all of those things. She 's a full-time makeup artist and i really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why i say a real.
Hey everyone. How 's it going it 's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that i started this podcast. I thought you know what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as i recorded the past few episodes i 've noticed something i started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to be guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it 's like going up on their side.
You 're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode of the upper decker podcast. ty i 'm your boy tone and i 'm your boy brett and the boys are back in town baby episode. So we 've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we 're going to get into our al east and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that i 've seen so far that i thoroughly enjoy is jose bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode of the simple farmhouse life podcast little daniel. Let me lay him down. So i 'm staring at him. He 's there on the floor and he 's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this because we 'll see but in this episode i am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that i get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because i just started a new segment. This is the first episode that i 'm doing it where i answer a random question from instagram. My name is lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and youtube channel farmhouse on boone join me as i share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur life along the way so.
Hi i 'm coach cory wayne. and the topic of today 's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that i think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you 're not going to stay positive all the time. You 're not always going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You 're not always going to feel like you 're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you 're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it 's going to feel hopeless and like things are n't working out and you 're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you 've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So i 've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He 's figured out what his purpose is but he has plenty of.
Feels like back to the future but this is n't an alternate. This is just march. This is march. This is stopped episode like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as i 've always stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great country. History president kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin luther king during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of al pacino 's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I do n't want to bring our speaker today amber huizar. She 's the wife to a motto and mother to four boys avery aiden austin and one princess addison also known as a team and i wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed up she has a bachelor of science degree in criminal justice. she enjoys walking on the beach coffee with friends making fun memories with her family currently she and her husband served as executive pastors for south bay pentecostal church in san diego california. However she feels her greatest is being a mother to her for treasures welcome her today excited about what god is going to say to us through her.
Hello everyone. Yep That 's right. I am not dead. This is bryson and i 'm here with alonzo my first love. you dealing with all this tom brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what 's going on your first love is always like you never forget your first right i feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake dylan which this is a day olivine the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life 's full of tough choices in it. Oh and there 's one more thing. We have n't discussed the subject of payment but i 'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what i want from you is your voice. So without my voice how can i have your looks your pretty face and do n't underestimate the importance of body language ah there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys this is too true. It 's your girl gina and rachel. We are friends from way back speaking our truth. We are so glad you are here with us today and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. welcome and we 're coming from san diego california. Yes coast-to-coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing stories so welcome to true too true. So to me that 's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True Yeah Yeah so all right. So we 're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah so we were thinking i do n't care. how do we what do we think of what we title this and so we 're going to title it you ai n't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh really yeah. Let 's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why shaggy are first of all i would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to anchor todd fm to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys you know publishing podcast was so easy. If i had only known it like five ten years before early because all i need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and i do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. if you have some come content which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today 's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys welcome to another episode of olivia towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media. If it 's on instagram its towers four three two if it 's facebook it 's olivia towers dressage. Also if you 're listening to us on itunes i would love you to leave a review and i ca n't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode of taproom tails with towers. This one is with the lovely danny morgan. I know i keep saying that everybody 's lovely when i introduced them but that 's as they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the dj 's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the dj 's the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. programming is like a landline and strict on but no at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and emma lingua terra hassan sexual horror or drogo. I know hindi and cope sobota. All i know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the behind what keeps runners running long strong and motivated. I 'm your host jonathan levitt. I 've been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in atlanta with eo aang. Yo thanks so much for joining today. It 's a pleasure to talk with you jonathan likewise. So let 's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo izzie. Oh i am an athlete and also an educator. So i am primarily a science teacher in marin county california.
Let me tell you why you 're here. You 're here because you know something. What you know you ca n't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there 's something wrong with this world. You do n't know what it is but it 's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome We are here on a beautiful saturday at odell ranch and we have our manager manager manager now becky kilbourne along with dawn ready my best buddy my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in april april april. Sorry wait. the bear barrel fundraise by the way. Yeah it 's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah It 's important part through sunday of april. So in this event did start as just the one day.
What 's up everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It 's your boy deluxe along with. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is miss heart attack. So what 's up miss heart attack how are you hey guys what 's up afraid yeah long time no see yeah it 's been a minute right it has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it 's crazy. Like i get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much i guess for you and i but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah It 's been a while lol. But like if you guys do n't know it 's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That 's about overwatch. huh i 'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean i was n't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I 've already listened to you enough the last two days but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks but we got hero pools now. Yeah Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do i was listening back to the companion stream and you were like oh it 's not that bad right on this pan. So now you 're actually targeting me during the podcast when i saw you live say i did not that bad. But what i 'm doing is i 'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking rhino. I 'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst i could n't think of to like i woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all i play is hitscan heroes.
We would like to introduce a new concept here is we are visiting together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we 're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We 're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under the age of year old alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was from an acquaintance michelle carter asking what she was up to ellie did n't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier they 'd hardly spoken but ali did n't want to be rude. So she replied to michelle 's message telling her she was about to head out to a party ali thought that would be the end of it. But michelle kept prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I 'm your host vanessa lachey. And obviously i 'm nick lachey. Welcome to the love is blind ryu. Yeah Hey hi there. Hi We were union yes reuniting here. Here We are with our blind naidu 's family. Oh it 's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again nate would and candice helm with blind. the love is blind recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that i do n't know but it did. It did feel good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing nick and vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We 've mixed reviews on that. Yes we do. I
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial or natural person place caste community race religion is factual in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi my name is sue darshan. This is the big fat indian catala a spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey you 're just in time for more chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we 're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the outside in the chewing side to delete. It 's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight 's heroin is sybil ludington a brave hero who may have helped save america. We do n't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. before america was called the united states the british and americans were war. It was called the revolutionary war and the americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined to escape with ford copilot a suite of advanced standard driver assist technologies. It 's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you 'll encounter out on the road. They 're smart and then there 's street smart the completely reimagined to scape. A chill blew through the streets of london august day though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city year-old. south kant was locked in a battle with a demon joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She 'd been ordered. The holy spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the lens of the true and the beautiful. your host dustin kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can glimpse the world anew through each other 's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe years ago. However certain we were about them. we 're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute clarity. It 's.
Hey everyone. It 's a girls. It 's kim and liz and we 're coming straight to you from the arizona cactus and the louisiana crawfish. What up girl what you doing oh watching some tv. What about you nothing just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know i cannot believe people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It 's g-rated. Well maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was your day it was good. Just gonna catch up on some netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. i actually finished it with. Oh
Hey gang jv here due to its length. This episode of beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part in which we talk about tim cohen 's book the antichrist in a cup of tea and which tim not only claims. The antichrist is already among us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it 's the abnormal or the paranormal you 're in the right place. Let 's go beyond reality our guest tim cullen author of several books including the antichrist in a cup of tea. We 're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to youtube if you have n't found our youtube channel yet and just search for jv johnson when you find it hit the subscribe button. There 's no gation no fee. It 's all free and there 's about or so back episodes beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is monday march and this is prayers for your day. This is dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this morning. I 'm just going to pray for your week. I 'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my south out of it i 'm staying at home today which is unusual for me. Normally I do n't stay home from work but i 'm staying home today. but i wanted to make sure that i got on the prayer call before i went back to bed. So today i 'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father god in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of malaysia flight still remains unsolved through documentaries press releases and feature films millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on the disappearance of check out our conspiracy theories podcast every wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world 's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit captain zaharie ahmad shah and his copilot. Fariq abdul hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify originals presents zindagi produced by off spin media friends hosted by schrute ebola with brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car bull and it 's gonna be her tech gear separately could 've and they say yeah but terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body tomodachi mu j j beyonce korea ki baat karu to yeah he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough joseph reality. So it 's the belly kam karna who cared a hominid education beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it 's the abnormal or the paranormal you 're in the right place. Let 's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I 'm really excited to have kelly coffee she 's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they 're willing to unblock themselves and she 's following her life 's mission in helping humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing okay. Yeah I live in breckenridge colorado and i live on top of a mountain at about. Deed and it 's typically like three below zero nine below zero you know consistently.
Spoiler alert i 'm doing some definite speculating on today 's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that madison pruitt seen in auburn filming something with a production crew link in the description and i along with almost all of bachelor nation speculated that maddie was certainly going to be bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because claire crawley was announced as next season 's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped but she 's not the bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season right is there any other reason maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now i see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That 's all i 've got for today on bachelor news daily. But if you 're new to clare crawley i just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our bachelor after show live tonight at p. M Pacific on afterbuzz tv. I 've been your host chef graham. Thanks for tuning into bachelor news daily.
My wife thinks i 'm at the gym extra points hallelujah. We are getting ready for the word of god and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister ginger labash who 's the wife of brine and the mother to brielle and ashland. She works alongside her husband brian. At the church a pastor in suburban chicago she serves as the illinois district ladies committee not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for mexican food and all things. Chocolate alabama. Let 's welcome sister ginger levad.
Hey rizzo here at george mason university. We 're talking to liam classy. He 's a co chair person of the irish primary physical education association and on this podcast we 've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the australian curriculum with laura alfre. That 's episode and that 's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to obey about the norwegian curriculum and episode and dan with the ontario canada canadian physical education curriculum and episode. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we 're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What 's up and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things dungeons and dragons. I 'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That 's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we 're not answering lesser questions again because we do n't have any because we 've been selected for any of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail. Com We 'll do it next time but before all that ali are you games this week so since the first time since we started doing this podcast i did n't play this week. I 've been there. Yeah Yeah you have n't been there. Yes I did n't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and minecraft aside from that. No not much. I mean poured mine craft. I mean you know it 's good. I got a farm. No
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go incurred on fm to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman 's integrated summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang a board-certified anesthesiologist and pain management physician with additional fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined to escape with ford copilot a suite of advanced standard driver assist technologies. It 's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you 'll encounter out on the road. They 're smart and then there 's street smart the completely reimagined to scape. Today is wednesday march on this day in kim wendy. Allen a junior college student in santa rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the santa rosa hitchhiker murders but not the last welcome to today and true crime a par cast original.
Hi late friday morning your head spend all those more working on my saturday night talk for tomorrow night and i 'm still doing the history series and also snow ending with other work and purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I 'm pouring and now i always try to put together something as i mentioned the other day. I 'd only time i ever write anything down is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for purim believe it or not because they always write a five or six or seven page arturo whatever did i like the liver because important you drink you know know you know you ca n't remember what you 're saying. So i have a text in front of me. So hopefully you ca n't go wrong and my son from israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his yeshiva and now they 're going through the.
Hey y'all this is sts podcast and we 're here to talk about a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it 's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There 's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It 's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It 's going to be great. Hey we 're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis magna podcast. It means greatness from small beginnings will be sitting down with people 's to talk about their story and their successes. does n't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people 's life stories and just seeing how.
You 're listening to the elevate main podcast to learn more about elevate visit our website at www. Allaboutdoors Com Th We hope you enjoyed today 's talk. Let me just ask you how many of you are about or years old again member. wow i 'm dom. Yeah how about my to oh good. how about those who do not want to admit their age above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion like do n't allow it to destroy you now but let me just share this with you and nina as i was.
are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you okay what 's up guys my name is andre. You 're listening to this. You already know who i am. I 'm in the car with logan. So guys how 's it going okay so logan 's my little from mcmurray but we 're not going to mention mcmurray the rest of this podcast because we went to tank. It 's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to abilene for alumni weekend do n't ask either of us why we really do n't have any other excuse. Yeah I do n't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I 'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you have n't heard of banker. It 's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys what 's up it 's running on sex. It 's a brielle fancy seeing you here today. I am with corey and we 're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey hey hi. Yeah i 'm corey. i do n't really know what to say about myself but i guess i go to school with a brielle. That 's how we met and i study social work and i consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and i engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and how would you describe polyamory so to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert i 'm doing some definite speculating on today 's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that madison pruitt seen in auburn filming something with a production crew link in the description and i along with almost all of bachelor nation speculated that maddie was certainly going to be bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because claire crawley was announced as next season 's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped but she 's not the bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season right is there any other reason maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now i see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That 's all i 've got for today on bachelor news daily. But if you 're new to clare crawley i just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our bachelor after show live tonight at p. M Pacific on afterbuzz tv. I 've been your host chef graham. Thanks for tuning into bachelor news daily.
You 're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It 's just like i do n't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing. You know who loves music tommy. Mmm I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by what is that and home pod and he will point to it. I 'll pick him up. He 'll touch it. he 'll held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the point where if he ca n't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we 're talking about this as like i was kind of in like a are we going yeah we 're going to how we 're going to record this podcast like what 's going on yeah. Well he 's like are you a little upset so yeah. I 'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I 'm a little peeved right now.
I 'm amanda and i 'm audrey and we 're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because we ca n't see each other at the moment. Yeah each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah she tried to i do n't know where she could have said with the offensive. So
Welcome to the dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to valentino male. Hello We 're here. We 're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and jacob play soccer and baseball and i not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey i play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off all right. All right. So i 'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when i was in eighth grade. It 's written soccer and this one. This wife this one was more painful but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling you know.
Welcome to the gathering place with blessed is i 'm jeanna giese are and i 'm beth davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what you 're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about jesus prayer community and life. So let 's get started. Hi jenna. Hi beth. So good to see you my friend. It 's been too long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That 's right jenna. I 'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much beth. It 's a delight to be with you. I mean it 's a delight for me. I 'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought i 'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That 's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right welcome everybody to the lakers legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity vibes that lebron james and anthony davis are spreading all throughout the team and lakers nation because believe it or not tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it and i are not good at finishing each other 's sentences. We just discovered that in the last seconds. Alright welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your host me ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion new age stuff awakening ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up new perspectives and views. I hope you 'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today 's world really looks like angelica ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It 's a truth business airbnb or otherwise if you do n't have customers you do n't have a business but with airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you do n't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here 's what to do. If you 're not getting bookings strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your air. This is sean rocky gh with airbnb automated and let 's talk about how to get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and i 'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They 're just going to be a couple of small changes. some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you 're not getting bookings which ones that you 'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of this woman 's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive. We advise extreme caution for children under. Year-old lisa connolly was irritated. She did n't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag lisa complained to the lawyer guy jeff. What was the big freakin deal anyways jeff 's eyes widened in response. He said lisa you 're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
in fact the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what we get to define. Its how god calls us to himself. He is the more to do a low mystic agile catechesis. I do n't know what you 're talking about. I do n't understand. It 's a little too hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. yes this is part of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music huh hello everybody welcome to mystic at my name is curtis. Kedi my name is father andrew strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we 're getting some and you know what they say.
This is holy family school of faith. Welcome to our rosary meditation let 's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen It 's called a mind all those who promise to pray for hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in christ promises and relying not on our own strength but on the help of the grace of the holy spirit so with hope we strive for holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of hope first and active pursuit of god holiness in heaven second the realization that the attainment of holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone and thank you for listening to let 's get into this. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It 's completely free to do there 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it 's really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey this is kind of like i 'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with god through christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. i ca n't go with this one. is it possible i know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture i just quoted second chronicles and. We 're going to finish the series next time next sunday. i want to do this. I got to teach this word and i 'll be done second chronicles and if he can get it up there he 'll.
My name 's emma tuba and you 're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today which i really really loved doing a podcast on the first of the month because i think it 's a whole new opportunity. Thank the lord you are here. There are so many people that did n't see out last month and you 've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some changes this month if you were n't happy with last month and you can make a difference and i want you to see that as something really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes i speak to people and they.
Welcome to the sun for podcast episode for good turning to me to find out it 's like well do n't look at me lucy 's here. Yes i am. Hello Good Yeah Yeah very good now that we 're in a new setting which you 'll be announcing shortly. We will be what is it yes i 'm good. And this week we have holly and sophie from hoppy dory. Hello How are you both yeah for the good week. We 've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah it 's and say you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully charles manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in bloodshed. The summer of is now forever synonymous with the manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge our cast original i 'm carter roy and it 's time to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent mobsters like john gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like ted bundy who craved notoriety this week. We 're looking back at the manson family murders that resonated beyond the california hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name is mahmoud and i am your host. So one of the things that i wanted to do when i started this podcast is explore topics that i am interested in and i want to learn more about and one of those things is ecommerce businesses. how do you get the necessary licensing here in dubai or the uae and what are some of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should consider before starting their business which is why i 've invited juliet jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading shopify and shopify plus expert digital agency here in the middle east they work with local and international brands in the middle east some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski l'oreal julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. your host seth thomas will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I 'm your host seth thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend bobby joe hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It 's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. i do n't know who said that i heard it in the song one time. I think bobby joe and i have been friends for a lot of years. Probably years going on now not that.
This is holy family school of faith. Welcome to our rosary meditation let 's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created god already had you and i in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we do n't no one will father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in us eternally it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up Nice Hey guys isabella and i 'm bird and we 're here wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It 's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we 're just wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah now we 're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of love the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an insight of you know what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah it 's an introduction to us. Yeah We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I 'm so without further ado. Here we go. So um do you want to start by introducing yourself okay. Are you.
you listen to who 's pic is it anyway i 'm andrew colvard. Elmer old is back venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate ranter nick peterson is in the house nick how we doing exceptional how are you guys doing tonight exceptionally. Well really good. So i 'll know florida was good for the good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we 're just going to get right into it. what 's the deal here now look at what the listeners let the list.
Well good morning. jake was so here again back with my channel festival selections going today free now which is the first day starting off with grade action in the marsh novices chase. Give me some prices on now we 've currently got itchy feet to favorite u-joint favorites or evil our home to for willie mullins and then we 've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but i believe he 's going the article samcro. To one for he later won. But i believe it 's been confirmed. He 's rsa band now by willie mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons and so on so forth. I think it 's not really a race. I 've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back but if i was going to pick anything i 'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet friday murphy obviously got his first grade.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to the esp on the tv talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties so i apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show so we figured on the week off we 're not actually having an episode. Whoa Come on ha ha ha so much fun. We 'll catch up. Have a good night. So what 's up everyone thanks so much for joining us. My name is candice cruz join but.
Hello everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well we 've filmed first podcast of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah in other words natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I did n't know how to anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought i was just editing the video cuz i heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. yeah we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa
This is mike my eighth time trying to start this because i just ca n't figure out how this works. But hello i 'm i 'm let me give you a proper introduction. I 'm rachel rachel. I stir awesome great if you 're wondering why you never heard my name before it 's because you have n't because i in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular i 'm not famous. I 'm just your abs the disney movies would put it. I 'm your run-of-the-mill average high school year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah This is a little blum. i feel like everybody that 's the does n't podcast that just talks like it 's not like the npr podcast or something. They 're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and i told the devil who i am in christ. I am complete in him who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in christ. I am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of god and the evil one cannot touch me. I am without blame before him in love. Love i am right standing with the father. I have the mind of christ. I have the peace of god that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than that is in the world. I have received the power of the holy spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new i have been given and it 's been given to me. I have no lack for my god shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of darkness into the marvelous light of the gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It 's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes that we 've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we 're going to look back at lamar jackson which means it 's probably to be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how you doing let 's go josh. How about you i 'm good. I 'm excited that. We got michael join and ask because he 's going to make every lamar jackson and compare it to joe flacco go on right michael. hey i 'm doing good josh and ca n't thanks for having me on nam im here to tell everybody that i completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is friday march on this day in ethel and julius. Rosenberg 's espionage trial began in new york 's federal court today nearly years after the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original. I 'm vanessa richardson. And today i 'm covering the espionage trial of julius and ethel rosenberg their actions against the us were considered. So heinous fbi director j edgar hoover labeled the rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let 's go back to the meaning of march.
Hi i 'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business behavior. And the brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I 've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on itunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far. Com How to trigger product usage that sticks by janet choi for near and far. Com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is thursday march the. Happy birthday. Hula hoop. I 'm tod. Maffin from engage q digital today. Your facebook conversions might be much lower than you think hootsuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have youtube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who 's copying their competitors and putting other people 's ideas into their app. Here 's a hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here 's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you 've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from hardware to software in the world of chrome and chrome os so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. They 'll distribute your podcast for you so that you 'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts we download a poor head over to anchor fm. What 's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under something to note. The story you 're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today 's episode combines elements from a number of ancient greek legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi oc gentle waves lapped upon the smooth rocky beach at the water 's edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today 's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the esg fitness podcast. I 've got andy on which means we are answering your questions andy how are you i 'm good. Thank you. How about yourself i 'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But now it 's really bad again might have been because i try to train legs. Yeah that 's knocks. That 's not a smart idea. I mean i did n't even do that before i hurt my back as you see you 're one of these people who actually huzzah an excuse not to treat legs. Yeah Well i say i 've learnt from that. I 've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing but i am using this special injection into my piriformis on monday. So fingers crossed that it 's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you do n't be a good start first question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally i make excuses that it 's not.
All right good morning and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody i 'm my name is future and baying are your host today and we have a special guest from the discord kale the vibe checker. So kale. what 's your vibe right now brother. That 's my fight. Yeah Yeah What 's your vibe i 'm just chilling dude. I 'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now now i 'm just now i 'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and bay. Yeah So with the stream happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that pop-tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is tuesday march on this day in. Former British Pop star. Gary glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in vietnam. Welcome to today and true crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today 's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise extreme caution for children under. Today We 're covering the sentencing of gary glitter. Then years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his seaside villa. Let 's go back to a courthouse in the vietnamese province of berea. Wang tao on march.
Hello starseeds i am back. How are you what a time what a time to be alive. So happy new year. It 's officially march and if you do n't follow the gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe you know it 's funny because winter i was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me you know and even when.
Hello everybody welcome to another episode of reality roundtable i am your host jonathan brown and today i have a special guest with me name is josh character. He 's the president of the brothers and dubious aka bond here in south university of south carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad i guess but i mean i 'm just present about right now i was an event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily fortnight your daily podcast about fortnight. I 'm your host mike ea ka mike. Daddy aka magnificant mikey. The first thing i want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in chapter season. This is a blog post from the fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah it 's time to prove your worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season 's hype nights each friday.
Hey guys it 's eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about anchor if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to anchor fm to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast i 'm here with eli and bryn and just as always. Hello saturday it going everybody.
Today is sunday march on this day in. The supreme court of the united states upheld the murder conviction of timothy mcveigh the oklahoma city bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We 're covering the supreme court 's decision not to hear an appeals case for the oklahoma city bomber. Let 's go back to the morning of march to the office of attorney richard burr in texas. Richard burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya
Due to the graphic consequences of today 's disaster listener discretion is advised extreme caution is advised for listeners at p. M On august forest ranger ed pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of wallace idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke pulaski and his squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the rocky mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed us forest service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to halt the fires they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around p. M
The views and opinions expressed by the dj 's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the dj 's the regular program the management and the network by leila patterson and programming and strict on but no at go by in a module on my adding my messy salient emma. Lingua terra hassan sexual horror or drogo. Nah hindi and cope sobota good luck iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking you 've got something to say but do n't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast world in three easy steps that 's recording editing and publishing. They do all the work for you. It 's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow
Together growing in faith changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel after healing the mother-in-law of simon peter how in the following day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with god to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer he went there to pray and simon peter comes to him and he says to him we 've been looking for you and jesus says while i needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. something absolutely interesting that i would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with god the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello My name is ranjan and i would be your host for the session. So let 's get started. What is programmatic advertising you might have heard this term. If not very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a taser site publisher site.
my my daughter a kick in american. I 've been tracking sasquatches for years american global awakening to the new world war ii american artificial intelligence american. Do you believe in ufos yes sir. Mr Tree a steal. What 's going on everybody dave bahr my american podcast got greg here. What 's going on buddy it 's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking obs to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah Hallelujah my best program but whatever it works. So anyways i got on instagram live last night. We have some issues had a couple of i do n't know ten minute conversation. got some people on the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I do n't know if you gotta watch it greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello This is your bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let 's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It does n't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm but is it really true can i trust the source i wanted to say force but source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let 's start what are the basic.
Speak to me universal or this might be the greatest song title in the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah i mean give me a better song title than that. That 's poetic. It 's from pj harvey for album stories from the city stories from the sea. It 's also a number for. One out of five hundred on the spotify. Orig with josh adam me myers but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through rolling stone magazine 's list of the greatest albums down to one. There are times that i look over this list to see what 's coming up and i get excited because i 'm like oh i heard about this artist. I heard about this record and i.
in those endeavors. I 'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants aka garbage face aka mice a gay tickle cock. Falls aka old grey balls aka atc aka aka. I apologize if i missed any please write me if i did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed but.
This is sky blues extra. Hello and welcome to another sky blues extra podcast with me david moore as usual i 'm joined by my co-host and you grizzly. And of course tom ward evening gents even dead mate even a dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It 's official now mark robbins is generally a genie writing history at coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals march madness special every day in march. We 're counting down the top sports scandals of the past years in week one of the summer olympics in atlanta concluded with a celebration in centennial park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our march madness special listen. On spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July atlanta georgia the first week of the summer olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at centennial park jack mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around. Am
Welcome to the echo cast episode too. This is a podcast about the division two its community news speculation and updates. I am bond diesel. I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch. Tv slash on diesel and i have a youtube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes i 'm also on twitter at bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary. Com word of the day. march in our word of the day is habitually spelled h abi tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you have n't heard it before that 's because it sounds like and is related to a handful of other common words in english including habitual habituate and have it it 's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today We are discussing communism in the family a really important work by alexandra colin tie. I 'm excited to get into this work. But first of all we 'll go through and do our names and pronouns and we 're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is connor i use heat and pronouns and i really liked that old spider-man cartoon from the. You know the one where they 've got the main employees like pointing at himself. it 's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is anna i use she/her pronouns and i 'm like a digimon girl. I think hi. My name is andrew he/him.
Hey baba local park at how much is nivea pizzas a kia august at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And i 'm transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud hydra or lakeyanna new spotify original peasants. They tally the life of india 's first podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of india 's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo mia is back from japan but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy rider but today 's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to treat or prevent any condition. It 's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live welcome to the alphabet podcast. You 're here with the alpha beta sisters hannah and mia.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn of tv top. Now let them buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after bush show for fiance before the days. I 'm your host alex bowers and i would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have linda ants there 's a lot so prepare to sip sip. Okay stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and ashley. we 're providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we 've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we 're going to find that out later on with linda as.
Hello and this is april renee of antler alchemy. Hello this is d. Rho graham with black with plants and we 're relationship with plants and we 're here today on the episode and we 're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and you know just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation and you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and i thought this has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because i want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it 's liza and i just wanted to pop on here and let you know how much it came and i enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It 's totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. What 's up you.
Hi this is karen. yes v and we are bad and bollywood and i 'm deep red neurons and well where did he come from it 's a crossover episode. Yeah it 's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah we 've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That 's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh yeah. Okay that 's good. That 's good. That 's good. So we 're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into addresses when i get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the youtubes. We 're on the youtubes and we want you to like follow retweet. Yeah so we put up the kahuna per episode which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next i just shit on us in the comment section. That 's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day we ca n't live on amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the dharma in this series. I 'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi potus. I hope you 're doing well. Today 's episode is when did disability become so taboo so i speak to you the amazing sophie butler who is a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the world perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it 's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps ca n't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people sophia and i think it 's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review and subscribe. Bye Hi guys and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by sophie butler.
Morning Afternoon or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello Welcome to a comedian carl drinking coffee. My name is carl donnelly comedian father to bay wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room just on the outskirts of manchester star which is obviously very snappy that i 've been in manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities but i 'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range lucas is important for respiration releases the energy needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What 's up everyone welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually an interview that i did with cave on divani on his total bitcoin show. So i was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So i thought i 'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was i think we had some bandwidth issues. So the audio was spotty in places but hopefully it 's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total bitcoin podcast and his twitter handle is at ke y va en dav a and that 's it. Enjoy the show. Let 's do it. Hey john.
Good morning and welcome to the australian market breathing podcast for wednesday of march with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the rba would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to the rba mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big banks quickly passed on the right cut with westpac coming out of the gate within seconds. Donald trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve 's to follow suit. It seems they have the federal reserve shakti market this morning by cutting interest rates by basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office asmr a sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode of to this is the secret today. We have the episode directed by denny gordon and then written by. Gene stew pinsky and lee eisenberg aired january. So we are back in the right now and the premise of this podcast as i 've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper authority podcast me but i guess that 's cool gary research keyboard press the cuyahoga here but you came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi kiya jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it brittany american humor then he cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a villain like a loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I 'm your host pearson fowler with me as always from gamecock central. kyle and taylor here to talk about south carolina 's quite impressive home victory over the mississippi state bulldogs. Again the south carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it was n't the easiest road to victory for south. Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in south carolina they did n't coast because you know they only won by and most of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in south carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we 've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It 's extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an adult. It 's not usually even in their experience unless it 's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this psa was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular tv actors like the fonz even cartoon characters like yogi bear let 's take it for me yogi. I 'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello welcome to twig on the podcast today. We have myself joakim at crescent adam telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with gdc has been canceled by techcrunch secondly state of word games rising revenue emerging markets by sensor tower third epic question super data on fortnight figures by games industry dot biz and finally roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series gt led by andreessen horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by techcrunch. How you guys doing all right ca n't complain. You 're good. I think we 're going to rush through this one right you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and i 've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude sonic the hedgehog the movie past million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare somali 's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I 'm natalie and i 'm jessica this week. We are talking about what i like to call the great exfoliation debate because we 've got two different points of view and we 're going to duke it out. a mano this week. We will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your somali a 's and this week we 're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend santa julia winemakers reserve mountain blend. That is a malbec and cab franc blend from. It 's just a little bit.
Today is saturday march on this day in. Year old ellen turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to swindle her family out of their fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We 're covering the abduction and forced marriage of ellen turner by edward wakefield a year old aspiring politician with designs on the turner family fortune. Let 's go back to a lady 's boarding school in liverpool on tuesday march. Lessons had n't yet begun when ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of secrets of a salon owner. My name is denise ferguson from fine surveyors. And i 'm lizzie from number salon and we run uk salon owners today. We 're here to give you a first episode of secrets of a salon owner which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys us so if you 've got any funny stories please do email us and we 'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So lizzy who 's telling the first story i will start with my first two because these are the ones from when i was an assistant. Okay so we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay here we go episode. Which is introduction to our new podcast called three days later which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we 're blessed with our three boys and this is journey so i decided to do this podcast mostly because every day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey i have a friend that 's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if i send them your way or i 'll get some from somebody that said hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology now podcast. My name is christine rodriguez. And this segment is all about the. Nakshatra ashley. Shh and please keep in mind. I do study vedic astrology which is different than western astrology. If you were born in a western country you 're probably more familiar with western astrology. And so if you simply google the difference between western and vedic astrology there is a wealth of information on the internet. And so if you were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that you take the zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a spotify original podcast. I 'm robin ups but i 'm joined by as always league to go machine martin grin and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only john smith and mr. D'andr alpha. All right. But this story comes from me that we all know lori mcmenamy 's i do n't need an intro. Yeah it 's legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the probably also known as graham taylor 's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near do i not like that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime 's obsession and it 's about celebrity encounter. He had at the sports personality of the year award. So this is lori.
Rise and shine. It 's time for chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each. It 's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today 's heroic woman is dolores huerta who helped farm workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the laura sweat that grew up in california and a family with mexican heritage. Dolorous His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family did n't have much money but dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
The and commandments thou shalt not covet thy neighbor 's house thou shalt not covet thy neighbor 's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything these two commandments are given quite exclusively to the jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore god has added these two commandments in order that it be esteemed as sin and forbidden to fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor 's wife or possessions and.
What 's up ladies and gents i 'm owen and i 'm zach. I 'm charlie and where the kool-aid jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by roald dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious roald dahl. He was born in and unfortunately died in. He is most famously known for writing charlie and the chocolate factory the bfg and matilda. He has sold over million copies worldwide. What a legend now let 's talk about the plot expedition begins when mary maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone but he seemed to be acting unusual. He 's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with everything. Now This is the season finale of creepypasta myths so i wanted to do a nice classic creepypasta story to send it off but i wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. The two guys that did n't do a good comment but i mean hey they have their opinions made voodoo. Again ali and alexis from fargo. You guys have been amazing. I 've been working on this podcast since september of last year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I 'm not really sure but i think i need to take a break. I 've been dealing with a lot of stuff and i think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch chucky 's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It 's me charles entertainment cheese and today 's episode. We 'll talk to mr. Munsch Hey everybody and we 'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they do n't make bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary goodwin munch. Well thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch What 's been on your mind lately munch. Mmm How did the alpha pet get an alphabetical order.
How good 's a friday i 've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible for convertible wars. Hope you 're doing well. Brother There is sean stephenson. That 's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys silly talk sports here. And we 're back. Once again. We 're on myself and produce a charla here to steal you around another episode season episode huge fizz at hq on your friday arvo little bit later today but hey you get that on the big jobs and i 'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right i 'm andrew shoemaker. I 'm rob thomason. We 're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Do n't stop just keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks We actually have people listen. I know it 's crazy. we started this and we were like hey we 're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for creative outlet and we 've actually had a lot of people we do n't know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they 've really enjoyed us experiencing elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys if you have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we 're completely wrong about elvis which in the we 're mighty huge injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the sleepytime podcast. I 'm here to tell you about anchor what 's anchor well if you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on spotify apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to anchored on fm to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi i 'm andy herman the creator and owner of a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as i tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you 're serious about starting your own podcast you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to anchor dot f m-- today to get started minutes a day days a year.
Welcome Welcome back to another episode guys to not we 've got a pretty interesting topic. We 're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater pumpkin eater. Liar Liar pants per hire. It 's on fire patrick. No it 's / higher. Anyway Yeah Yeah here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form i want to thank you. As if you 're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How 's it going guys welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode baby. We 're almost about to hit that episode milestone and i 'm just so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We 're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode and today 's subject is growth or comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. you have to make a choice. So i ca n't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr Alec science guys. Welcome to episode alex signs year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with carlson sow and could n't have been you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There 's divine. I love it. i forgot to introduce myself but.
Hi everyone and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and i hope you enjoy this one. If you have n't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It 's totally free that 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify up a google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It 's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to anchor fm to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book the five am club. I spent four years on the five am club. I rewrote it over times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world i wanted.
Welcome to the episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first time listening i 'm glenn bush a portfolio manager at american money management and i 'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in united technologies but a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously we have the coronavirus and how we 're managing our portfolio to talk about we 've got bob iger. He 's out at disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of american money management llc and sec registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund and made buy or sell investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that when lee was running very fast and tonto quite nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway yeah to that video every one of us. I do n't know. I think it 's in the souls of our dna. We believe that there is this life we can live that 's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can live this life that is extraordinary. and and so way we think about this as we kind of got if i can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that 's portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe i can get there and be extraordinary. into us it was widened to you. my god and i was thinking about.
Welcome to the upc. youth ministries daily devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote volume which is available on the pentecostal publishing house and youth ministries websites. It is our desire at youth ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with jesus christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March entitled change your tune numbers chapter verses through. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of israel complained against moses and aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys what 's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That 's right. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I 'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently i ca n't talk. It 's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up walk-ons fans. We have a treat for episode today over an hour of shawn welsh hawkeye content the good old boy from dayton ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you 're looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I 'm your host louise clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I 've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me they 'll be few things that i have n't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because i just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi welcome to you were taught that in school episode taxes everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they could n't do their taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why did n't somebody do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It 's called basic math in first grade or grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That 's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together you subtract the part about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There 's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you ca n't follow directions and do simple math does n't mean that you were n't taught that in school. It just means that you ca n't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we 're taught that in school episode. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah you got to know how i died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under. The small wooden frame of the leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed into the darkness of new jersey 's pine barrens. Mother leeds was in labor with her child. No midwife would help everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the pairs of eyes that watched in horror from the corners of the room. this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were tears of blood every.
Fashion week the fashion. What 's up welcome back to the fashion week baby. The world 's number one fashion ponder my mother as usual as i know his mother since mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian what is this hahaha so i 'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom does n't know that we 're doing this podcast bro. Episodes bro. That 's detroit. Yeah real season able way episode a dress you know chinese people and we do n't like the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it 's a lot of you who 've been listening. I 've been wondering when in this season i 'm going to see an indian fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with the locum java have and had a thought want to get out of my brain. you know functioning on fumes these days i wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know struggling with a decision. they were believing lpn who had been wanting to get into rn school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but i 'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode. First of all i 'm going to actually introduce myself because i did n't do that last time. My name is adam and i 'm an actor from sydney and i 'm kind of branching out into bill directing the writing. And yeah hi. So andre and with bedre i am an actor. And i would say i would classify myself an artist because i imagine managing. I 'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes so i am an actor but i also delve into visual arts and write any writing. Yes I 'm jenna written a play but what i can on still so yeah it 's great mom.
What is up everybody welcome to episode number for live trading cards podcast video series. It 's your boy sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow What a crazy week in the sports card market and world. it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that i talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because i think that 's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how luca do n't you just base prison psa tens. We 're going for. Now this was february. Currently the last three sales have been and. It 'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It 's alright alright welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I 'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even i 'm fucking pumped right now dude i 'm so pumped right now here with me. we have g hi. Hey how 's it going man to back your job mateo. Yeah and he got phillips. Hey what 's up and then gabriel gomez going guys. Yeah so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah yeah. Oh
Hey everyone welcome to our first episode of season one third imperium asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I 'm mason. I 'm the referee for now and until eternity now long. i 'm stan i play jatis gant a terran. I 'm a bailey. I 'm playing tucson and he 's a computer specialist. john i 'm playing admiral cain who 's at aaron and wrote the book on counter espionage and espionage. Literally he 's the man and i am chris. I
Hey josh just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I 'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you have n't heard about any kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It 's free. It 's does n't cost any money. That 's why we use it. There 's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On spotify apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it 's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download a tinker app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I do n't know. Yeah that works. That was good. Remember it 's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we 're not there yet. And we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today 's topic. which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you 're probably why i asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety well there 's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and i feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You 're listening to follow me a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. I 'm your host heather webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you have n't heard about anger it 's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It 's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Do n't free anchor app or go to a pratap fm to get started this week 's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy through. Okay Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful monday 's. This is angie. And today we 're going to be going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feet flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you 're sitting or you 're laying position with your hands i want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you 're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I 'm maria menounos and you 're tuned in to afterbuzz tv the espn app tv top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers welcome back to our dare me after show. Today We 're going to be breaking down season episode fog of war. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. your host taylor grades and i am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have ashman what 's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes We 're today. I 'm excited to do adding to my bathroom. You 're glad i guess okay. I 'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys what did you think of this episode this was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you did n't know what was happening things were being.
Hey cat you read chat laura. Are you talking about a church boy chat. Mmm Amen Hey guys welcome back to church boy chat. I am laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she 's one of the most loving and complimentary people i 've ever met and she 's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it 's like laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you 're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo Okay you know like to keep it real here on trees boy chat. Hmm So i 'm going to tell you why i feel qualified laura. Yes to be here.
I did n't know sitting next to you andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if i do n't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always had live. What 's up everybody welcome back to couple things with sean and andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for today 's episode. We 've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what their love languages so today we 're going to be talking about love languages what ours are and why we think they 're important. But before we get into it if you guys would n't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you 're listening that really helps us out and we love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello everybody. Hello hello hi ryan. Hi curtis. How are you i 'm good. i 'm so good. so good. it 's been a pretty eventful like week i guess since we last recorded. Yeah and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process but this little snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah when he was here because of the way that you know this gus could make it around but you know we 're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically We like to record the intro this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we did n't have time to yeah. But anyways how was your week bit how things been for you.
Hi everybody. I 'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It 's a one-stop shop when it comes to distributing your podcast to all the different platforms spotify apple podcast google podcast. You name it they 've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when i started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did i mention they 're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You 're listening to the tenants on the kyle dempster studios network support this and other shows at patreon. Com forward slash kyle dempster studios you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind that 's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today 's episode. I 'd like to ask a short favor. If you 're interested in either of the two books that i have written and i 'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth. Com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay let 's get rolling. What is up dudes and dudettes drew here from the anxious truth welcome to episode. What is this episode of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I 'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I do n't know if it 's going to work out but i 'm trying but that 's good. It 's going to be in a couple of weeks. So i 'm going to rant a little bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway
Happy birthday the weed tube. You 're two years old. And i love you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here 's your host aaron richard. Hi everybody welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. your host aaron richard and sitting next to me is producer vlad. Hi guys. I 'm back. Well yes you were sick for the last episode. That 's right. Yeah because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it 's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That 's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that 's a little bit extreme but you know i hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways and i just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to denison welcome back class is in session and we 're happier tuned in for denison 's declassified college survival guide. This is episode two dining halls drive-ins and dives. So i 'm here to give you the scoop on student life at denison university. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi You to introduce yourselves. My name is caleb. I 'm a sophomore here at denison. I 'm from zanesville ohio. So just an hour east of campus. I 'm on the exec board for outlook our lgbt student group on campus and i am an admissions coordinator as well sun. Hi everyone. I 'm dom and i 'm a sophomore. I 'm from chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that 's around six hours or so. I 'm a.
Hello and welcome back to talking tom wood. Aye man gordon here today with my friend and some fruits at your dana as band. I were dolph today is brock holt samus game we are nearly done with myself apricot. It 's so hard for me to believe. I 'm so glad you 've all joined us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the leaps and bounds that your dad and i could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our virtual cm on sunday march because we missed the fact that america was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What 's up everybody it is brian ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development one tip at a time today. I 'm featuring a special individual who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is alex sheen and he is the founder of the nonprofit because i said the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor. I 'll get into more detail about because i said it would in the interview but for now let 's learn an important lesson central to alex 's mission promises are serious and they should n't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at merriam-webster dictionary a promise is a statement telling someone you 'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that 's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big i do n't really get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my birthday that i had a surprise birthday party but i kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter and the book of john starting in verse following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were overjoyed when they saw.
This is a view from the bridge official podcast of the belfast giants for kingdom of the giants. Com today is tuesday of march my name 's patrick smith to gives it home for the belfast giants points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number of weeks maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around we 'll see when we get to that. I 'm a lot to cover on this week 's show as i say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of greece and rome. I am massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the city college of new york and i will guide you through this reading in season episode reflect on cicero de finibus the chief consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it in other words the chief god is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today We 're going to do a meditation for the blue river in china. Now water has the ability to carry information and we can heal water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now I 've been guided to create this meditation to help people in china to protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well i already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay i know you did n't watch the show but i 'm very upset right now. Okay this has nothing to do with anything we 've ever talked about kaylee does n't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways i 've been watching love is blind within the pilar alert. Oh yeah. I do n't give a fuck. I 'm mad. Anyways me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love cameron and lauren. I 'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey she just drink her water everywhere. Anyways i 'm emotionally invested in cameron and lauren. Although i do think cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he 's very emotional. He 's a very emotional man but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen cameron and lauren 's wedding yet but.
All right and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today. I 've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let 's talk about the coffee first and then let 's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So i 've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a friday and i 've got you an espresso martini with a difference. So we 're in this little cafe actually not. Okay there 's a bit of a bar called holly house in melbourne self american flavor to it. So i do n't think i 've ever come across a martini. Espresso martini but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of your day to join us as we connect with mcmaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It 's are not endorsed by defect mcmaster university the degroote school of business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans dressed in here to talk to you about the anchor app. If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all it 's because it 's free. Also there 's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of spotify apple podcast stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there 's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place so download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So you know when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay Yeah Well i can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh yeah whatever. You 've been doing that lately. Yeah he 'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and god hello and welcome to goblet of wine a drunken harry potter podcast. We 've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently. What 's your name charles and i 'm hannah and where 'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today 's episode. We are reading chapters of goblet of fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that i ca n't remember at this moment in time but it 's funny. I know it 's funny. Yeah you should listen. Yeah and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That 's her brand that is what we do joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is eric. I 'm sarah. If you are joining us from last week 's episode. We completed the first half of the new york times questions to make you fall in love and soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and i think what we 've determined is that the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue broken into three sets. Definitely and we 're in the middle of set to now yeah so we are about to start with question.
It 's erin and nicole welcome to dude. That 's fucked up. What 's up dudes oh my goodness dude dude dude dude dude dude to dude dude. To duty. I do n't know like barbara ann. Yeah which everyone thinks is bappa ran its barbara and yeah it sounds like bopper yeah because they 're like you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics i do n't know. Yeah it 's one of jack 's favorite songs is yeah that 's make sense. It 's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway what 's up everybody how y'all doing out there today.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello This is josh. This is tiffany walling mcgarity. I 'm one of the three founders from medical and our listeners voted tiffany walling mcgarity on pitch island going from a phone call to the pitch room is n't an easy trick to pull off today. We 'll hear a pitch the likes of which we 've never had on the show before. What does it sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I 'm josh puccio. Let 's meet the investors and maya bittner maya built to financial tech companies and sold them bowl. Now She 's out scouting startups for sequoia. One
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name 's jordan harper and join with me as matthew landry who seemingly always comes after an alabama win and seems to duck out on me when alabama loses so glad to have you back here matt. yeah it 's good to be here good to get a win so i can actually record today. So it 's pretty good. Yeah i 'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today we 're glad to be joined by blake level who 's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on twitter at blake level and he 's someone that is alabama fan by day auburn fan by night and it 's very popular within the sec basketball community and does a great job of covering sec basketball i mean without further ado. boy well it 's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me i 've got a record after a loss here. So i mean you know right i.
i 'm rosie. I 'm paula. I 'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo yo guys what 's up so this week has been very interesting for me. I also like i 've been dealing with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that i have inside with the positivity that i also have inside. We all go through that i guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep bro whitey. Yeah like it 's something like i think it started when i actually traveled to trinidad this year. So i went through the christmas.
Good morning my fellow christian brethren. My name is michael and i will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the title for today 's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from john verse. And it says on the last and greatest day of the festival jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to jesus through the lens of the greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text john verse.
Usually i wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for saturday mornings. There 's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today 's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs Whitman 's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through. If you do n't know. Mrs Whitman you 're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now I know this sounds like a shameless plug but it is n't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather 's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on twitter facebook or instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor if you have n't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it 's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on spotify apple podcasts google podcasts and many more. It 's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place so do n't if we anchor up today or go to anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now let 's go into the episode. Hey hey. Hey you guys welcome back to what 's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it 's so crazy to think that we 've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you 're having fun. It 's true or at least it 's true for me. I hope it 's true for you too. So you can guess that i use anchor to.
Socks rocks today on everything reviewed we reveal socks all right start the music joe. We 're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah Yeah do the music for the guest right now. this is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We 're going to introduce him and let 's go. That 's right there now and now should i yeah for sure played the music started up today on the fucking.
If you have n't heard about anchor it 's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it 's free. There 's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on spotify apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It 's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that i feel god is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey what 's going on y'all it 's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the galley dating podcast. We 're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo Now another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes It 's been a long hiatus but i am back. I 'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and do n't forget to and suggestions we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast guys would like to hear what topics you 'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please do n't think you 're being ignored. There are one too many emails and dms to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the lord. Just wanna just wanna praise you. It was gone. When i the liv ahead. I understand that. I 'm prayers to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I 'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay many people come up with great ideas. great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive consultants to do so the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste because they do n't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow through.
So i guess we 'll start off with a question this week. first of all it 's episode for fuck me and my feelings. Yeah So anyway mike i 'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It 's not a trick question. Okay Do you think the earth is flat no good. I do n't have to fucking kill you because i was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah you fucking doubt. he said his whole life trying to prove the earth is flat. He said he spent his days for making a rocket. He said i happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here 's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That 's what you get for being a fucking idiot built a whole rocket bro. we like it 's amazing. That 's a nice camry and spacex or is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi i be and you 're listening to the bubble. And today i 'm had girl izzie wilson about time management and how she does it. So do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do yes it 's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties but it 's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So i have some days where i meant to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So i do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what 's discussed but for my a-levels.
Hey friends welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I 'm your host an ef down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background you know it 's from our good buddy. Mr Toren wells make sure you grab a copy of his new album citizen of heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your kindness to dave kevin and his wife jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it 's again at pray for jill. Com on the show is one of the og bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She 's just hilarious melanie shankle. She 's a new york times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. we have n't caught up in a little bit and i think you 're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here 's a conversation with.
Hi this is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode. I 'm to mcfadden today. I 'm joined with nollie. Hello maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we 're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what 's interesting is we 're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background which like of course walter my religion because i practice theravada buddhism and i grew up very strict up buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger history season episode my name is ann foster. And this is a feminist women 's history comedy podcast. I do n't know why i made there be so many words in explaining what it is but i think i 've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one we were looking at women who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not do n't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we 're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it 's not so different from nowadays when.
