It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office like you know well I mean okay well so uh um well office office office office office office office office office office is right now and um well so I mean uh okay you know you know okay you know every time he needs to make a change she has to run run um I mean like uh I mean you know I mean uh well well run run run run run run run run run across the room. Like it's a you know uh um like like you know so um you know okay double dare challenge. Well, don't listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen well well so so well well I mean well so okay listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock rock you know so you know so so uh well so you know um rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock revolutionary sort of in the startup um um like okay so well well well well uh lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how how how how how how how how how okay I mean um well I mean you know um I mean I mean well how how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us well uh so like well you know so okay so so the recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording system so well well I mean you know I mean so okay okay okay inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to you know uh well like like okay okay I mean so uh to to to to to to to to to to start recording. Right? Right. My audio uh uh like like uh um uh okay like so interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I I I I I I so like you know I mean so so so I mean you know you know I I I I I do need to dig around in there and then I do uh so uh okay okay so well well like um get if I I I I I I I I I I I say, you like you know I mean I mean you know uh you know uh uh well know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot shoot shoot shoot you know uh uh you know I mean well well okay like well shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts like well like like so I mean um like okay okay a lot. A lot of people will will will will will will will will will um uh well I mean uh I mean like like okay I mean will will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's you know like like uh like like you know like okay I mean very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.