Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership like you know well like like okay you know so um so leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership series for 2020 for international well okay okay um um you know so uh like um women's day as part of this series. We've sat down down down down down I mean like well I mean like so okay okay you know you know down down down down down down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their okay um I mean you know like like I mean so okay uh story their journey, and and and and and and and and and and and what um I mean um like like you know I mean so um okay makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international um I mean like I mean okay okay you know like I mean I mean international international international international international international international international international international women's day. We hope you okay you know well you know so uh um so uh uh enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode you know I mean you know you know so like uh you know uh uh episode episode episode episode episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating um um I mean so uh like um you know uh so Officer across the Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson okay so so um so um I mean so so I mean group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them okay I mean you know you know um okay um um you know okay being being being being being being being being being being being in senior leadership I mean um okay uh um okay you know well well like roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie um um well okay so so uh like um okay Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy uh uh I mean okay so you know I mean uh okay I mean the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.