Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is is is uh okay okay I mean well okay I mean well um well is is is is is is is is not suitable for work because swearing is so I mean like uh um like um well you know um encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark well okay like uh like I mean uh like okay like dark dark but it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome like um okay uh well you know I mean like um um to the the the the the the the the the the the Leaky nib episode okay okay okay okay I mean well like uh you know like 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in in in in in like um okay so well uh well you know so I mean in in in in in in literal like a month ago about a month like you know you know well um like well I mean I mean uh well going through withdrawal. We keep it it it it it it it it it it okay like you know you know um like well well uh I mean it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on um um well well like so uh uh um um all of our episodes. So So So So So So So So So So I mean I mean okay well I mean so um okay I mean you know So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be uh I mean okay you know uh so okay so I mean you know be be be be be be be be be be editing in so you know so you know like like um you know I mean uh the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? I mean well well I mean you know like um um uh uh Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, um um I mean like I mean uh I mean um well you know what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle castle castle castle castle castle okay I mean okay well well okay well so you know so castle castle castle castle castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.