What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 you know you know so like I mean well uh you know uh you know 29 29 29 29 29 29 29 29 29 29 and this episode we're going to okay um um so you know so um like like like do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then then then then then then like I mean uh you know I mean you know uh uh okay um then then then then then we're going to do a little bit of challenging okay uh um so so like okay so like okay our view on luck. So I I I I I I I I I like I mean um um I mean uh you know well like I mean I I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where well uh uh uh so uh I mean I mean like like you are are are are are are are are are are are just moments okay I mean I mean okay okay like um okay um like before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out out out you know I mean I mean okay like um I mean you know I mean uh out out out out out out out out in the sun just baking in well I mean so well um I mean um well you know okay it. Just loving it. Feels so good and and and and and and and um you know uh well okay um you know like so well and and and and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to so like uh well okay okay uh so well I mean talk about about about about about about about about about about about today. So well well well so okay um okay so so you know I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the the the I mean okay uh well okay okay like so so so the the the the the the the the best right after the uh um well I mean so um you know uh okay you know winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like like like like like like like like like uh okay like um um I mean you know you know I mean like like like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're okay you know uh well um well well um I mean like out doing those runs. Runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs. They're just like uh um well uh okay you know like I mean so miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.