Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the uh you know well you know well uh I mean so so um boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys podcast before we get this I mean uh okay well you know uh so like well you know episode Ron. I really do want to talk a a a a a a um okay um you know um um so uh you know so a a a a a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I okay uh um okay you know so so like okay well have a script I I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean you know I mean so will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to um uh well um well I mean I mean I mean you know I mean make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast, let me explain. Uh like uh so you know I mean um well like like. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to you know uh I mean you know um I mean I mean okay I mean well to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know I mean um like well uh okay okay well um computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute you know well like well I mean I mean um um well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast um you know so um well well okay so like like my my my my my my my my my my my bad and many more well you know I mean well so well so well so um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum you know uh uh okay I mean like well I mean well I mean minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in I mean like I mean so like so I mean uh well um one place. Anyways, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's I mean so okay you know like um so okay so you know get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We okay you know uh uh uh I mean like uh well well We We We We We We We We We We got been your host Ethan patrick. Okay um okay uh okay uh um um okay um. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We We We We We We We I mean I mean you know you know you know so so you know like uh We We We We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.