What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score I mean I mean like you know okay um like um you know okay score score score score score score score score score score last night. No, I'm not um um you know you know so I mean okay like um you know talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just just just just just uh uh um well um so I mean okay uh well just just just just just just a waste of time of us trying to win like so I mean so um well so so you know I mean so we can get a higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher I mean so um okay you know um okay so I mean like higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the I mean like like I mean uh you know um I mean so like first but anyway, it's a a a a a a a a a you know um you know so um you know uh okay like um a a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the um so so you know you know you know okay um okay like point besides that that that that that that that that that that that Besides okay I mean okay okay I mean well so um um okay you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I I um I mean you know okay uh you know like I mean I mean um I I I I I I I I I had two of them. I sold well you know you know you know I mean uh uh so well like one of them for a hundred and sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty sixty um like like you know so um okay uh I mean like sixty sixty sixty sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I you know um I mean uh um like so so you know um had this card card card card card card card card card card card for $125 well okay okay okay well so um uh okay so for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid afraid so you know okay uh um I mean so well well okay afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid that of exactly this and like well um I mean I mean uh so so like you know something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.