Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy okay um uh you know well I mean like okay um um Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome okay well okay uh so I mean I mean you know okay okay back to church Boy chat. I am Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura like um uh like okay you know well you know okay uh Laura Laura Laura Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to well so um so um I mean like okay like I mean know cat more. Oh cat is is is is is is is is is is you know you know well um you know uh you know you know well you know is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of okay well so like you know you know well I mean you know well the the the the the the the the the the the most loving and you know so um okay I mean well uh uh okay like complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Um like you know so so okay well okay I mean well. Learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner learner. Her with anything. I am amazed um like you know well um uh uh okay like well by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. One one one one okay like okay uh okay you know you know so like you know one one one one one one. Love language is words of affirmation. I okay I mean so uh so you know so you know you know you know feel so loved also lures the best best best best best best best best so you know so well um um well um like I mean best best best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying so so okay um um uh I mean you know well you know my section and and and and and and and and and and and like well well like well like so well okay um this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real well uh um uh well okay like well well um here here here here here here here here here here here on trees Boy I mean you know I mean I mean well uh so okay okay um chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.