I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey like okay um like uh okay you know so so so journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey of living with terminal cancer I mean well like I mean okay okay I mean okay like um has led me to believe that most of of of of of of of of um so I mean so I mean like uh okay okay uh of of of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could so I mean okay well you know um you know okay well like be changed by by by by by by by by by by by embracing. Uh okay you know um uh uh I mean um you know uh. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of so well so I mean like well okay you know uh well us us us us us us us us us us us are promised another day on so well you know I mean uh um well you know um um this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current current current I mean um okay okay you know uh uh okay like I mean current current current current current current current current health status after all would you seriously stay in uh okay like you know uh uh uh uh so okay the job you hate or the the the the the the the the the the the um like okay you know like um well uh okay I mean relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end like like okay uh like well you know like you know like next year. Year year year year year year year year year year. Hell no, you'd be out uh well uh uh um uh so okay so so doing the things that make you happy and you certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly um so I mean like well you know uh uh like like certainly certainly certainly certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking uh so you know well I mean well okay well I mean uh podcast. I interview people who who who who who who who who who you know uh like well you know I mean well so uh okay who who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.