Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it it okay uh like okay um I mean well uh like uh it it it it it it it it it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan um um I mean well like like well like well okay for our with one of my co-host jordan. Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan uh you know like like um so you know uh like um Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady turner. Um so um okay you know okay well like um well. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This This This This This This This I mean like well well like you know like okay okay um This This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait you know um I mean uh like I mean well like okay you know a second. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why didn't you know well uh um you know like you know like I mean um I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew uh um uh like well um like uh okay like knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew as soon as I you know okay well uh uh well I mean you know okay well said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of of um so you know well uh uh you know um you know um of of of of of of of of of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. Like you know I mean um um well uh okay so uh. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we we we we we we you know I mean you know okay I mean well I mean you know like I mean we we we we we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. You know you know I mean like you know like like um so like. This is our first episode of of of of of of of of of of uh so uh well like I mean so like um well of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random I mean like um okay uh so so okay uh you know random random random random random random random random random random stuff. We're probably like uh so okay you know I mean so well so like getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, Actually, Actually, um I mean I mean I mean well okay I mean so like okay Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, let's start with that. So to so well like uh like so you know so you know well begin with we will ask our good old friend friend friend friend friend friend friend you know so like I mean okay okay okay okay uh you know friend friend friend friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.