Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. Uh you know well okay I mean I mean so I mean so uh. Here here here here here here here here here here. I hope you you know I mean so I mean uh I mean um you know so so guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today today today today like you know I mean okay well like like uh well like today today today today today today today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview I mean I mean uh so uh you know uh well well okay and we have been absolutely dying to release release release release release release release um well well uh okay okay so so um well release release release release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and you know you know um I mean you know uh like uh um um motherhood and man. There are are are are are are are are are are uh okay okay well you know like like uh I mean like are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. It uh you know well uh uh um you know uh okay I mean it it it it it it it it it. If this is the first like um you know uh like I mean you know okay you know um one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back back back back back back back uh well I mean um okay okay okay I mean um um back back back back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think I mean like uh uh well um um you know well you know that that that that that that that that that that that all of the information in part you know um so I mean okay uh I mean um uh so to her story all her tips the the the the the the the the the the the okay um um like I mean so okay well so like way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost almost almost um okay well so I mean well well you know well like almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost more like valuable when you well well you know you know uh uh so like um I mean know where she came from part 1 is all about about about about about I mean you know I mean um like so so so uh um about about about about about about her life as a young girl how she was okay well like like I mean um okay I mean uh well parented her family story Dynamic her her her her her her her her her you know okay you know I mean I mean you know okay okay I mean you know her her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.