Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the the like like you know so um you know well I mean like well the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a uh like okay so I mean like I mean like so you know podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. Free free free um um uh um well you know I mean like I mean you know free free free free free free free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's you know well so okay I mean okay okay I mean um uh go on there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow so well like okay you know well um okay um uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like okay you know like you know so I mean like uh well or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute well so like you know like well you know well uh um your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple like so okay okay like you know uh you know you know so Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places um you know okay so uh uh um okay okay you know my podcast is on. I've never heard heard heard heard heard heard heard uh you know well I mean you know like like you know you know so heard heard heard heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum well um well um so well like you know like like minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything. You okay like I mean well so so so um um I mean need to make a podcast in one place. I get get get get get okay so so you know well okay uh like well um get get get get get get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a so uh okay so so um okay you know like like podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that that that that that that that that so I mean okay um okay you know uh like okay okay that that that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to I mean you know like I mean I mean okay so okay I mean okay Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to to get okay uh I mean I mean okay like uh you know you know you know started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.