Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call okay uh you know okay you know so okay um uh like today. Today today today today today today today today today today. I'm talking like well like like you know like um I mean you know okay with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a a a you know you know well like okay okay you know I mean well so a a a a a a a a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three okay uh uh okay you know so you know I mean okay you know years of Performing. She was selected as the principal principal principal principal principal principal principal I mean like so so you know I mean so okay well uh principal principal principal principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State uh like I mean okay you know okay uh I mean uh like honor band in 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 choose accept well so okay like okay um well like well uh into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of of of like um I mean uh I mean um like well I mean like of of of of of of of of the top high school euphonium players well well okay like so you know I mean uh um uh in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted okay well um okay like you know well like um like accepted accepted accepted accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor well like well um well I mean well okay um like bound in the nation this past past past past past past past past past okay I mean I mean I mean like well like well you know okay past past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and well you know uh so you know you know well um I mean so tuba is is is is is is is is is is is festivals solo competition. Um you know I mean well okay I mean you know okay well like. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life life life like you know well so uh uh I mean okay you know um life life life life life life life life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.