This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess well okay uh I mean uh like like well well uh Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess vigeland the host of the think well I mean like I mean well okay I mean you know um um with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going going going going going going going going you know I mean um so you know okay uh like well you know going going going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team like well well okay um I mean okay well you know okay can stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay ahead of the uh I mean I mean like like so you know well okay uh curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops drops drops okay okay I mean um like you know well so so like drops drops drops drops drops drops drops drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify well uh so uh I mean okay well I mean okay uh or wherever you listen to podcasts. From From From From From From From From uh so uh I mean I mean um well okay I mean um From From From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex goldman. Uh okay um like you know um I mean uh um like. Socks mmm I'm going going going going going going going going going going going like okay like I mean um so well uh well okay to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe um um so I mean I mean you know well um uh um maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe don't know the details of you know so well I mean you know uh you know um um okay okay, so last spring I went to a a a a a a a you know you know um like like okay um okay okay uh a a a a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and so you know um so uh um well um like so I was complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining complaining to this well so okay like uh okay um uh I mean uh therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.