Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so I mean so like you know so like well okay I mean okay taboo? taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo So so you know like so like like okay so uh okay I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer influencer you know um um I mean uh okay I mean well I mean like influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer influencer and also a wheelchair user um you know so I mean okay okay okay so well okay we discuss her accident and how she came came came came came came came uh you know uh I mean you know um I mean so um you know came came came came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also like so you know so okay okay well you know uh like the way that the the the the the the the the the the the World perhaps well um well like um you know so uh I mean I mean disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do do I mean so uh I mean uh so I mean you know I mean I mean do do do do do do do do do which might seem like a well like um so uh so uh you know you know so confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and and and and uh so I mean um um so I mean you know like okay and and and and and and and how the world is set up uh well I mean I mean um uh okay like well okay for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those those those those those those like okay you know so so well so so well uh those those those those those of us who perhaps can't function in a uh well uh I mean so I mean like um you know you know very specific way. It was so so so so so so so so um you know okay um like okay I mean well like so so so so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting so well you know uh uh like so you know like um conversation. I really really really really really really really really really really really hope you so okay uh I mean you know like I mean like okay I mean enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.