Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your you know like okay so like um like you know well like host. Host host host host host host host host host host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm um um so okay um I mean okay like uh um a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical psychology. Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology okay um um um well well well you know okay um Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group you know well um like so well uh uh like like therapy platform model that care. I love helping helping helping helping helping helping helping um okay like well well so you know um well so helping helping helping helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please I mean like well um um I mean like I mean like so join us each week week week week week week week week week week week as um you know uh so so you know uh um like like we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively like uh like okay like you know so I mean well like dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing um you know um like you know so okay you know like well with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like I mean like okay um so okay so um so uh like like like like like like like like like like sounds like and well okay so um okay okay well I mean uh uh feels like will follow our guests as they overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome you know okay so well uh I mean you know okay uh I mean overcome overcome overcome overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They well okay well you know um okay okay like uh I mean can still live live live live live live live live live live live a rich full you know so well uh I mean well um well uh you know and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and and and and and okay okay well uh you know uh uh uh um okay and and and and and and seeks to find and reinforce what clients like well well so uh um uh uh so okay do well to help them them them them them them them them them them them well well um okay like I mean uh okay well okay generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.