Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one well well um you know I mean well um okay you know well word. Word word word word word word word word word word. Anchor anchor is I mean uh so well uh you know I mean well well uh the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast so like uh well so okay so you know so okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you um you know I mean I mean I mean so you know like okay so have creation tools available to you you you you you you you you you you um like um like um I mean I mean you know okay you know you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone um um like okay you know uh um you know well uh phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. And once you finish recording um like like well like well so I mean you know okay you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well you know like well well like um um um uh podcast podcast podcast podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And you know so like uh I mean like well like um like it's that easy now not only only only only only only only only only only so um okay well okay like you know I mean you know so only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's it's I mean well um okay like okay okay um okay like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's possible for you to make you know so um I mean I mean like you know okay well um money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership um uh you know you know um I mean I mean well um you know listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. I know you're probably thinking to um okay uh uh uh like you know okay uh okay yourself. This is too good to be true. How How How How How How How How so well uh I mean well okay I mean uh um um How How How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready so um uh I mean you know I mean so I mean uh like for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.