How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean you know I mean I mean so you know I mean you know okay you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is episode 48 baby. We're almost about okay um I mean uh well uh well uh I mean uh to hit that 50 episode Milestone and and and and and and and and and so well like okay um so you know well um um and and I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service like I mean I mean you know I mean so you know like well um to to to to to to to to to to to all of like okay so um I mean so um so like uh you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this this this this this I mean so well um um okay uh you know well uh this this this this this this is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or well okay so so like uh well so so so Comfort. This is one of of of of of of of of of uh like you know um um I mean I mean uh uh so of of his favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. Choice choice like well um well I mean um so okay okay you know choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice. So I can't wait to get started. I mean uh um uh okay I mean you know um okay I mean. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Guys guys guys guys guys I mean well okay well um well I mean I mean uh you know guys guys guys guys guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old like I mean uh I mean I mean so well like um like real estate entrepreneur started real estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate um well well okay okay you know uh I mean like so estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built I mean um uh so well so I mean like you know okay plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty plenty of other businesses you know well you know I mean like so you know well so um along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more more more more more more like okay I mean well um uh you know um uh okay more more more more more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.