Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with with with okay you know well uh you know okay uh okay like um with with with with with with with with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode like um so like okay so I mean like I mean um of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you you I mean uh uh uh uh I mean okay like so you know you you you you you you you you you can smell it the weekends okay um um well I mean well you know so well well here and that's when you let the freaks out the the the the the the um okay so okay so okay so um okay uh the the the the the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this you know well you know uh so I mean you know you know uh so week's episode. I just want to to to to to to to to to okay uh um so okay like uh so like you know to to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be well like so okay so I mean uh uh you know uh in Iowa City at at at at at at at at at at okay okay you know uh uh uh I mean you know you know okay at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit um I mean like so well like like um well I mean Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Michigan at electricity and you know well like okay like so you know I mean okay like both of those shows are on the E - a store. Store store store so so so well I mean um so uh um well store store store store store store store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If uh uh you know well you know okay I mean like uh uh really really excited to play that that that that that that that that that that that okay uh um um I mean I mean okay um like well venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why uh okay I mean uh you know you know okay like well I mean why why why why why why why why why why it's okay to fuck up. Okay I mean I mean um I mean like so well um well. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and and and and and um so like well well like so you know okay so and and and and and and the intro song this week is actually a song you know okay okay you know you know um you know you know uh I mean that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.