What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford you know I mean like so like well okay I mean so well Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge ford.com. You know so I mean well like uh okay I mean you know well. I'm enje along with Mike. It is is is is is is is is like so okay you know okay okay you know like um well is is is Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. Uh I mean I mean um well okay uh like I mean uh. It's a little pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame combo for you so um you know uh okay so you know I mean okay uh Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in in I mean I mean um you know uh I mean uh you know okay I mean in in in in in in in in in San Jose. But hey, that's you know uh well okay you know well you know well so um okay. They had won three in a row prior prior prior prior prior I mean okay I mean um I mean uh okay um you know so prior prior prior prior prior prior The Beat Goes On good morning um um like so uh um um you know like um Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of of of of of of of well you know so um I mean I mean um you know um well of of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road okay uh you know uh I mean so um uh um um that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're key games against like okay I mean I mean uh okay well so so like teams that were at least on par with them Florida a a a a okay you know you know uh like so uh you know so um a a a a a a a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead uh well I mean so um uh like um I mean well of them in the Atlantic division and and and and and and and and and and um like I mean you know well uh um you know I mean okay and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come so well you know like um so um well okay okay up against against against against against against against against against against against the team and okay like well you know you know um like like okay you know they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out out out so so like I mean so well okay uh um I mean out out out out out out out out of it that are basically, so like um okay um you know like so I mean like you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.