Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording you know okay okay um so uh okay um so well recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording from the Bethke home in you know I mean uh so okay uh you know like um so Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we we we we we we so like so so well you know so uh well you know we we we we we will share on this podcast intro song says that that I mean okay like um uh like so you know okay um that you're good. It's the intro song song song song song song song song I mean um I mean okay okay like uh so okay um song song song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song like so um uh well um I mean like I mean um We're not in our our our our our our our our our our our um like uh well like uh so you know okay well basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome like you know like like I mean uh you know you know well so Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So um so well well I mean like so you know okay um thankful that you make us a part of of of of of of of I mean well okay I mean well so um uh uh okay of of of of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so I mean I mean so uh um so uh like you know so grateful Brooke less so so so so so so so so so so well um uh um I mean uh well so like uh so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We you know so so like okay um you know you know okay so are this this this this this this this this this this this episode's gonna be you know uh well uh you know like so okay well okay a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin coffin coffin coffin so so like you know uh you know like like you know okay coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin into the mic that might be a little like okay you know I mean like so like you know um like different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.