Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting okay so I mean um well um well so you know I mean hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting service and they make things so okay um I mean I mean you know like like so well so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it it it it it it well well um uh uh well I mean okay so you know it it it it it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different so okay um you know well you know uh so well okay platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google like so I mean you know um okay like okay um so podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top uh well you know uh I mean like you know like I mean um of of of of of of of of of of of that. They have so so uh okay well like well um okay um editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler simpler simpler simpler so okay okay I mean uh like so I mean okay like simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler back when I started podcasting. It was so um okay uh I mean so uh well okay uh an entire to do you had to know know know know know know know know I mean I mean um so okay like you know I mean okay okay know know know how to record it where to record it how to upload okay well I mean you know well uh um uh well so it pay for for for for for for for for for for for like well uh um so so so like I mean um the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up okay like okay you know uh uh so so um okay with advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers so that like uh uh you know like um um you know okay you know you can make money download the anchor app or go to to to to um so I mean like uh uh okay like well well to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're I mean uh I mean you know uh you know like uh you know um listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios well like well well like uh okay okay uh you know Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash uh okay okay I mean like okay I mean uh uh like Kyle Dempster Studios, you you you you you you you you you you you could gain uh well um uh I mean okay well like um uh access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to to like so uh I mean um you know okay like uh well to to to to to to to to to hear the inner you know like I mean so well you know I mean like well like workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.