Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my my okay so like um uh well uh okay um okay my my my my my my my my my closest friends Jay uh uh okay uh um um I mean okay well like and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel feel feel feel feel um uh you know I mean you know so like like like uh feel feel feel feel feel feel better and that are to do right fucking savage. So I mean okay you know okay um you know okay I mean you know. This is sad, but shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower you know um you know like okay uh you know uh so um shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share well uh you know um well well um uh I mean so the Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey of going from well like so I mean um so well so okay okay said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I I I I I I like like okay uh I mean um um so well um I I I I I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others uh you know okay you know uh well well okay well um and relationship to sell for for for for for for for for for for well okay uh um um well so you know I mean um for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of uh like like uh you know um well like like you know have to go through through through through through through through through through through through and learn um I mean so I mean um you know um okay I mean you know things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived lived you know so well uh so uh so um uh so lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived in that incubator okay um um so uh you know okay well so well for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um well so you know so well you know you know um okay It's It's It's It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.