Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and okay well like I mean like um uh so you know well friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship matter for women okay I mean um uh like well well so like uh and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm I'm like um so so okay so uh um okay um I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and um I mean um um um you know I mean so you know like founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women women women women women like okay well so well um um um okay like women women women women women women read more and read well and also to encourage like you know you know you know okay well I mean I mean you know uh us to make time for leisure friendship and and and and and and and I mean so okay like well okay okay like like well and and and and literature to view our booklets or join a group near so so um you know I mean like well like um uh you visit while red knob.com. Knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom. Hello, okay uh you know well uh you know you know um okay um this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much much I mean so you know like okay uh uh you know okay okay much much much much much much much much much for joining us on today's podcast. Um you know like you know you know well um so like you know. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked asked asked asked um like okay um you know okay I mean you know so okay asked asked asked asked asked asked asked questions that are members and leaders asked so okay uh okay uh like like uh okay um okay we'll get started right away. The first first first first first first first first so um okay well okay you know uh like um okay first first first question that came from our members this year and some of so okay well like uh you know like okay uh so our leaders was can can can can can can can can can can can like uh well I mean uh you know so okay you know okay you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.