A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and romy. So like well I mean you know I mean so you know well so. Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole you know well I mean like um you know uh um well um big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura Laura Laura Laura okay uh okay you know so well you know okay um um Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting I mean so so uh um well you know okay like so our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble so so okay uh like um so um um um stumble stumble stumble stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to so so um well well you know uh you know I mean um there was was was was was was was was was was was like a uh okay I mean okay you know so you know okay so okay sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, well uh like you know so like um okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know something if so um okay I mean I mean uh um well you know so it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus you know um like you know you know you know well like uh you know Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing like like okay so you know well so uh um so the most philosophical explosive ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas so well um so um like well um uh well ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a I mean you know so uh you know like uh I mean like uh microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone and then we just well so okay you know like um I mean um I mean okay fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people people people people okay you know you know well well I mean um uh so you know people people people people people people people see us in their dreams now. It's probably like okay I mean you know well okay I mean um so so how they see you. Don't you don't you you you you you you you so well well uh like you know I mean well you know like you you you you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? you know I mean so okay so like well uh okay you know You're a part of this. This this this this this this this this this this. Oh, it's um okay so okay okay like so I mean you know I mean just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about about I mean um uh I mean well I mean I mean well um so about about about about about about about about about those are some of my favorite um I mean like you know well okay you know you know I mean you know scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, well um well well I mean I mean I mean well I mean I mean Well, Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.