Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us well like okay okay um uh uh I mean okay well off with with with with with with with with with with with our new podcast. Um you know uh you know you know so like um you know well. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to to to to I mean uh like so like like so so I mean uh to to to to to to to some of the events that are happening, I okay okay well okay so well like um um so think maybe we should talk about about about about about about about about about about well um you know well you know so well I mean I mean you know about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm you know well so you know so I mean uh like so okay Kate. I know you you you you you you you you you you you were I mean um so um uh I mean I mean you know like I mean I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, I mean well you know uh okay okay like well so okay so so so so so so so so so so so there was a you know I mean uh uh I mean okay I mean um so so an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Days, Days, well okay so I mean like okay uh so uh uh Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the well you know so I mean you know you know uh okay I mean you know 29th, and it was very successful and and and and and and and and and so well so I mean um uh I mean like I mean well and and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and like well uh um uh so you know um like okay they they they they they they they they they they they also our uh okay uh uh so um I mean like okay so country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was was was was was was um um okay like I mean I mean you know you know okay um was was was was was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy uh okay uh um you know you know so so you know okay it. It it it it it it it it it it. It was really you know like you know you know I mean I mean like like so okay good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.