And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Jackson like you know okay you know well um like you know like okay Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you know okay so you know so okay like well uh okay you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good Good Good Good Good Good well you know so um you know you know like uh okay um Good Good Good Good Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? well I mean like um okay so I mean well well well I thanks for having having having having having having having having having having having me so well you know okay so okay okay I mean you know so and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally originally like you know um so well like um well well I mean originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally wanted to do back in um I mean well okay um okay okay like okay okay January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for for for for okay so you know you know I mean um well well um uh for for for for for for for the three of us to finally be able to like uh you know so okay uh so um I mean okay do this and on such a a a a a a a a a like you know uh I mean well uh um uh I mean like a a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home you know you know I mean uh so well I mean like um so both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here you know okay um you know okay so uh you know um uh are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend weekend weekend uh well um uh like like so okay I mean um weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend in Ottowa for men's you I mean I mean okay so so you know um uh um you know Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us us us us us I mean um okay so um well um uh like I mean us us us us us us a little bit about growing up and playing for uh uh um like I mean okay like I mean well uh the blues with Jackson, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, like like I mean I mean okay okay like I mean okay I mean know, know, know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like me um um uh so well you know okay well I mean um and and and and and and and and and and and Jackson kind of so um you know um so um so you know I mean you know started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.