Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm um um I mean well I mean so you know you know okay like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just here to let you uh like like uh uh okay so so you know okay guys know that anchor is the best way way way way way way way way way way so you know okay like okay I mean uh okay uh you know way to make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor um um well uh I mean I mean um uh I mean um is is is is is is is is is is is the easiest I mean like like okay you know well well uh like uh way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in I mean so okay like like like um um well you know in in in in in in in in in in one place for free, which uh well okay uh you know I mean like like well I mean you can use right from your phone or computer creation creation creation creation creation you know I mean I mean so um like okay so okay you know creation creation creation creation creation creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. Okay I mean uh uh so I mean so like uh um. So it sounds even better. Better better better better better better better better better uh I mean well well like uh so like like okay better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from like well well like uh you know like well like um Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google well you know well I mean uh um um I mean well okay podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your your your your your well uh um you know like you know so I mean like I mean your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can uh okay okay uh well okay well well well so make money from this podcast. This This This This This This This This This This I mean like like um okay so okay well so um This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.