Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to okay so um you know well okay so I mean uh I mean to to to to to to to to to to hear from another um so um uh um you know uh you know you know well friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before before I mean like okay uh you know so you know so like well before before before before before before before before before now as he's one like well uh okay like um well so um I mean of the few people I've played with whom I looked looked looked looked looked so you know you know well uh so like you know so you know looked looked looked looked looked looked up to for a very very long time you know so I mean like so okay you know okay okay so firstly for the way conduct himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself well well like like okay like um okay so so himself himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further so you know I mean um well you know like so you know uh Ado, here's my my my my my my my my my my my conversation with you know well um you know like well okay um like so Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just Just so like I mean you know um so like so so okay Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just what I needed just what I needed. Well like uh well um okay you know I mean um like. How are you my brother? That's all all all all all all all all all all uh I mean you know uh um well well you know well so all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, um, uh you know you know uh so you know um you know like uh um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, you know, same old same old. I okay I mean like I mean uh you know you know so okay okay need to start this though with a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit you know um okay I mean well you know okay well so I mean bit bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah uh okay like um uh like okay um okay okay same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.