Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor so you know uh uh so so uh well okay so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to so you know I mean like I mean so I mean you know okay uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Free free free free free free free I mean well so I mean you know like okay like well I mean free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well so you know you know well so I mean so well uh your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone okay okay so uh uh uh I mean like I mean uh phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be okay like I mean like so I mean um you know like okay heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify like so okay well um um uh so like um Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your so you know okay like you know well um you know um uh your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and um uh you know well okay I mean um I mean I mean well it's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one well um um okay I mean uh so well okay um one one one one one place. Download the free anchor app or go to well so okay like uh um you know um okay so Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to to I mean like okay uh um I mean um I mean um okay get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you you you I mean so so uh well you know I mean um like um you you you you you you you you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye um um I mean you know okay uh um okay um you know Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We We We We We We We We um I mean you know uh okay okay like you know um I mean We We We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and like so well uh um I mean so I mean uh so we kind of do do do do do do do do do do do a little bit so well I mean uh okay um well like okay like of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.