Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that like um okay like so I mean okay so um you know that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by you know like I mean like uh okay so uh so like anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor like uh like uh well so I mean like okay so anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's well um so like I mean um um okay um you know free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools like like well okay so uh uh um uh I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your uh so um so uh well um okay okay you know your your your your your your your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from so uh I mean well like you know um like you know you know my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins okay like you know um well you know you know like okay okay Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard um you know you know like you know you know um so okay um on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify well so well okay uh okay um uh um you know Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with with I mean I mean you know like okay uh uh um like like with with with with with with with with with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I um like like you know I mean I mean well so like so can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh um I mean you know uh you know well well uh you know podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to well um you know well you know I mean okay um so I mean Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started well so you know like um I mean like I mean I mean um now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have have have have like I mean I mean like I mean um okay um okay okay have have have have have have have a treat for episode 96 today over okay uh like so well okay well okay okay so an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the the the the the the the um okay okay okay like um okay like I mean I mean the the the the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We well well um like I mean like okay like uh I mean spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.