A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is you know uh okay like you know um um you know well well Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Walling mcgarity. Well you know so okay uh um uh so well okay. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners listeners you know like like well um uh like okay I mean you know listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch well so like like well okay uh I mean um uh Island going from a phone call to the pitch room room room room room uh so um well uh um like um like I mean room room room room room room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll you know well uh I mean like um you know so well like hear a pitch the likes of of of of of of of so you know well I mean so so so like um I mean of of of of which we've never had on the show before. What does okay like okay so uh like well so like like it pitch sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like okay okay so well um uh well okay you know well before any revenues even before the product is built in all the the the the the um like you know like well so okay uh I mean well the the the the the the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling I mean um so well um you know you know um uh okay that that idea could turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn uh um okay well you know uh you know you know um uh into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when okay so I mean um okay like you know okay okay well all you you you you you you you you you you you have are a uh well you know like okay well um I mean okay okay few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. Gimlet gimlet gimlet uh okay uh so uh well so I mean okay like gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's well okay you know uh like so uh uh uh um meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya so like uh so so so like I mean I mean you know Maya Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.