Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about so you know okay well you know um like um um like about about about about about about about about about about starting your own podcast? You okay you know okay you know well uh okay okay like well know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest like okay you know okay like I mean I mean well okay um easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain I mean okay so well so like like well you know okay first and foremost, it's free. That That That That That That That That That That um you know well like I mean like well you know uh okay That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you okay I mean like well uh you know uh so so well you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast okay okay uh okay you know um like well um okay right from your phone or computer. It's just that that that that that that that that like um okay like I mean okay you know um so so that that that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can like um well like you know you know so so like um be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify uh uh you know uh I mean I mean like well like I mean Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on you know um um okay you know I mean uh well okay I mean eight different. Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms all well well uh so so um like so like I mean thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and and and so so you know well I mean well I mean okay like well and and and and and and and and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Uh uh okay uh you know uh like okay okay so. Anchor is everything you need to to to to to to to to to to I mean you know uh you know um like okay I mean you know uh to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download like well so okay like well well like like like the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or okay uh you know uh like you know like okay so um go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.