This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're uh so okay um like okay okay okay okay like you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well today. Do you uh you know you know like like like um you know well um think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this this this this this uh I mean okay I mean I mean um I mean okay um well this this this this this this week with my coach about accountability and I like I mean you know I mean so well like you know I mean uh was really surprised. It's always really really really really really really really really really really I mean I mean well so so like well like like well really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really I mean uh so um like um you know okay like so good good good good good good good good good good good at that and okay um um so so um okay like so uh then someone asks you a question and you go always always always always always always always I mean you know um so uh um uh like well okay always always always always like that. I think I'm good at that or the uh well so you know you know well I mean okay well um time actually good at that that that that that that that that that that so you know okay like I mean um uh so okay uh that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard you know you know so well okay uh I mean like I mean so pushing yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself through those challenges. So um um well uh I mean like you know like uh. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and and and and and like like uh uh you know like um so well um and and and and and and you your instinct says right. I need to okay like okay well like I mean um I mean like well move away from this. I don't want want want want want want want want okay so you know okay you know you know I mean so um okay want want want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire uh I mean um okay uh you know you know well well so mindset says life gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets easy when you like um okay okay you know like so well I mean so do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. Stuff like I mean um so I mean you know like uh so um stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So something is really challenging um well uh okay you know I mean uh uh I mean you know you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.