So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of macbeth. Like uh um okay so uh okay you know um well. First First First First First First First First First First First of all going um uh like okay um so uh so I mean okay to look at a summary of what happens in seems one one one one um well like um okay well so well uh you know one one one one one one one and two of act three scene one begins like um so okay you know um so well well so just after Macbeth has been crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned I mean um well like uh you know um uh I mean um crowned crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad um you know well uh uh so uh I mean okay like to get get get get get get get get get get get the crown. He says um okay uh like um you know like like well like I fear that place the most foully for it. I I I I I I you know I mean you know you know okay you know you know like uh um I I I I I quote still hopes that this means his children will be well uh I mean uh like so okay um you know well Kings Macbeth enters. He He He He He He He He He He He calls okay um you know uh you know so okay you know well I mean bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his okay you know uh um uh so so I mean like um his his his his his his his his his best friend. Of course that's um you know like so well so uh so um uh out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth uh like uh um okay well so so uh you know Macbeth Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown okay I mean so well I mean like you know I mean you know okay is not enough. He He He He He He He He He He He so so uh um uh I mean I mean um uh uh must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus well okay okay like um I mean I mean well I mean you know Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Beth is afraid that you know so uh okay I mean you know like like you know well the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying saying saying saying saying um well um you know like so like so like I mean saying saying saying saying saying saying there is none but he whose being I do um so I mean you know okay okay so uh uh so fear Macbeth noted The Witches also also also also also also also also also so I mean I mean I mean so I mean uh uh I mean okay also also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.