All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and uh well you know like so well so you know so um and and and and and and and and and I don't know how so um okay um um so you know I mean uh I mean you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by by so like so you know you know uh like like um you know by by by by by by by by by the way, but if you haven't heard okay okay so okay well like um um well so about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make you know well um um well so okay you know like I mean a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and and and and and well so uh so okay okay um like okay uh and and and and and and a few people have reached out to me like like well uh um um like well you know I mean and asked for advice on how to to to to to to to to to I mean um um like like um uh I mean well like to to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the um well I mean I mean so I mean um okay I mean so best way way way way way way way way way way way to do it. It's free. So well so I mean so so well you know um uh. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record so you know I mean uh you know so okay you know you know um record record record record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can you know I mean okay well okay I mean I mean okay um so have have have have have have have have have have have your fans leave messages. Um uh well I mean so okay okay um you know well. Thank you to those of you that have been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing so I mean like well so uh um um so well doing doing doing doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us um like like like you know well you know you know okay um and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute the um okay um okay you know you know okay you know like uh podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch like so uh uh uh like like I mean um so bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch more this so many channels I mean okay uh you know I mean okay like uh okay okay that are podcast is on some of of of of of of of of okay okay I mean um you know so I mean um I mean I mean of of of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you um like so like I mean um like well well so and and and and and and and and and and and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.