Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are um uh I mean okay so like um you know okay you know recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording our podcast. We um okay you know I mean well well okay um you know like have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often often you know uh you know okay um well um I mean well uh often often often often often often often often often than not the level of conversation I mean you know uh um I mean well okay um okay I mean is at such a high intellectual point that that that that that that like well like I mean um okay you know so I mean okay that that that that that we're not sure if it really can get so I mean well I mean uh so you know I mean okay um into the podcast. We thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought well okay well like so um I mean I mean I mean um thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want I mean so you know like I mean uh well like like so to to to to to to to to to to to be involved, don't forget. Well okay um I mean uh okay um okay like well. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and and and and um um okay uh so I mean um well well I mean and and and and and and and we'll go from there. We hope um so uh like so like so um so like you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I I I I I I I I uh I mean so you know uh okay like I mean um um I I I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water well well okay well you know uh so uh I mean you know went down. I I I I I I I I I I I did I mean um so well you know so I mean I mean like well like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went went went went so you know uh you know I mean you know like you know like so went went went went went went went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.