Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on like okay so uh I mean well you know you know um well Vale. I was was was was was was was was was was was scrolling through Facebook I mean so um well well okay um I mean so I mean the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best best best I mean uh uh well well um uh like okay so best best best best best best best best song on the planet. Can you beat um you know you know you know okay okay I mean I mean okay so it? And all it did for me was was was was was was was was um you know so uh well I mean I mean I mean um uh was was was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me well um like um okay I mean uh so um well of all time, which which which which which which which which which which which is uh so like okay like I mean you know uh I mean like called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when uh so uh uh you know so so um well like you come up up up up up up up up up up up with like um I mean uh like so okay um well like a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've I've I've I mean you know so you know like okay okay okay I mean so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've nailed life love is in need I mean you know I mean okay you know well uh I mean well okay of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder you know like uh well okay you know I mean uh well okay Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to like well so well like well so like I mean you know it the message on it. Is that that that that that that that that like well so okay uh uh I mean like uh uh that that that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to you know uh I mean um so um well okay um well ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves to for loved it. It's that well I mean so okay okay um so you know well you know cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that that that that that that that you know uh um I mean well well you know I mean well like that that that that you can apply this to lots of things in uh so like like so well uh you know well you know your life and fundamentally you are are are are are are are are are are you know like like you know like I mean uh okay you know so are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.