Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles like well uh well well uh like um uh you know Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy hanging out as always you know well like you know well like well so I mean so with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a a a a a a like I mean um uh I mean well so you know like so a a a a a couple of a couple cool things to talk about I mean you know um well you know so so I mean so uh including a an interesting scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop okay so um okay like uh um you know I mean you know on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and and uh okay um um um uh so well I mean you know and and and and and and and and and see what's going on over in well you know well I mean like well okay you know okay like the Philippines. I'm not much is going going going going going going going going um uh I mean you know well uh you know like so so going going going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. Here you know I mean I mean like you know you know so so so so here here here here here here here here here. So let's fucking do this. I okay I mean I mean well uh uh uh so well so want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is is is is is is is is like um you know like okay I mean uh uh um okay is is is this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for you know so you know well okay okay you know you know um you know a while. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously you guys that I mean uh like well so like uh okay you know you know have been listening know that Charles and I watched the the the the the the okay so um so okay I mean uh okay uh you know the the the the the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but like like like okay you know okay like you know so well we aren't usually in in in in in in in in in in in you know um so um so like I mean um like okay the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.