Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. From from uh I mean so uh well like okay well uh um from from from from from from from from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio okay like um um well so um like like you know Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a a a a a um uh so I mean okay well um well like you know a a a a a a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's well um I mean you know I mean you know uh okay you know well worked at agencies all over the world world world world world world world world world like so uh so so you know so you know well uh world world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and uh okay you know like okay I mean so so um so anomaly in in in in in in in in in in in New York so like like you know well uh so um I mean like and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic uh uh uh so well I mean okay I mean uh I mean electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good well um um okay you know so um like you know so guy and he'll be our co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host uh uh well uh um okay um I mean well so from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from from from I mean well uh uh I mean uh like you know like like from from from from from from from from our conversation. We talked about how um um okay uh so like like um uh um they became interested in advertising when he was young. And And And And And And okay so you know I mean I mean uh you know you know so um And And And And And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene okay uh so okay like I mean um I mean okay um and we all know know know know know know know know know know like well like I mean um okay uh you know you know uh know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I so like okay you know okay well I mean okay okay I mean was a a a a a a a a a a a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.