Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say uh okay um so um um um well um well say say say say say say say say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has so well like well I mean like so um um so been amazing with the comments with with with with with with with with with you know um so uh so okay so you know um uh with with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of okay well I mean you know well well well okay I mean you know Creepypasta myths so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh I mean so you know uh um well so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, I mean you know um I mean well okay uh well so like but but but but but but but but but but but I wanted to thank you know you know well uh you know okay uh like I mean um everyone again and all the people who commented like like like like like so uh um you know uh so so so so well like like like like like like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't you know you know uh um uh um I mean well uh like do a good comment, but I I I I I I I I I I so like um well well so like well uh uh I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis I mean well well I mean um uh uh I mean you know uh from fargo. Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo Fargo. You guys have well okay so like uh I mean so well uh I mean been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of of of you know well so you know you know like so um uh you know of of of of of of of of last year. So a good five months almost or more so like um so well well like okay like so than five months. Months months months months months months months months months months. I'm well um I mean like uh I mean okay I mean I mean you know not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've I've so uh I mean I mean you know okay so so like I mean I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.