Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you so you know so uh uh so like you know like so you you you you you you you you you you guys a quick you know well well I mean okay I mean so I mean I mean okay heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite um uh so well uh okay like I mean okay so favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. Uh I mean so so I mean like you know uh like uh. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account account account account account uh you know okay uh I mean uh you know so well okay account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including like um um you know well um so um like like the the the the the the the the the the the one you're listening uh I mean um I mean I mean you know I mean I mean uh like to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss okay so I mean well okay so you know so like uh miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode you can share what you're like well well like like uh I mean you know okay um listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if if if if uh like you know uh um well okay okay okay like if if if if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen so like okay I mean you know uh so um well uh to offline no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter well like you know so so you know okay you know uh like matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download download like I mean like well okay like like okay so well download download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for optimal okay you know you know uh well like you know okay um I mean relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library library library like well well well like well um uh so well library library library library library library Tab and give us a follow. So you never so you know okay um well you know so like well you know miss an episode speaking of of of of of of of of of of of which I mean well uh okay like you know uh okay uh I mean let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships um I mean so well like okay you know you know you know okay relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily episode 646 guilt you know so uh um so so okay uh um okay and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.