What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and and and well so okay well you know uh uh so um so and and and and and and and and I'm here to tell you about like so um you know uh uh so so like um our family what you guys the reason why you you you you you you um so well you know I mean uh like you know so okay you you you you you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This uh so like uh so um um um so so is a an amazing platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for like you know uh like you know you know I mean like I mean I mean anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get so you know like so I mean um um I mean uh well get get get get get get get get get get your voice heard out there. So so I mean okay you know um um uh uh uh. So if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor like um you know um okay like I mean uh I mean well anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain so okay um well okay um like uh uh uh explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. Like okay um um I mean um um um I mean I mean. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast okay uh you know like like okay well okay so um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or your I mean uh well okay um you know like so like I mean computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for well okay okay well okay well um like you know so for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher well so uh you know like well you know okay so um wherever honestly and you can can can can can can can can can can I mean you know you know okay like um so I mean I mean you know can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from okay so you know okay like well um so okay well your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean so so um like like um I mean um uh everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.