Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 99 99 99 so okay I mean like okay you know okay like so I mean 99 99 99 99 99 99 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a well you know I mean uh well um um um well uh little bit annoyed from yesterday's first first first first first first first first first first okay you know like like um I mean uh like well I mean first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about you know you know um you know uh so um I mean okay uh about about about about about about about about about about but it's okay. What's up? so well so okay well uh so uh well um Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest guest guest guest guest okay um so well you know you know you know I mean well uh guest guest guest guest guest guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru um so so um um well like I mean okay so map his drow ski joining us all the the the the the the you know well um um uh uh well okay um uh the the the the the way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm well um you know well well uh so well I mean I mean great. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for so uh I mean um well um okay um um um for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really like I mean okay well well I mean okay well um you know good when when when when when when when when when when when you can get okay okay I mean like you know you know uh well um uh a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you you you you you uh I mean um okay uh uh I mean like so okay you you you you you you go all the way to Sweden to find uh uh so okay uh so so well well okay somebody to tell him a story story story story story story story story story story well so I mean uh I mean um you know well okay so story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? day day you know like so you know um so I mean I mean well like day day day day day day day day Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.