Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to to to so okay I mean you know you know so uh uh so so to to to to to to to to you by anchor anchor is a like so well um well so I mean uh well I mean One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast so I mean I mean well okay well okay well you know I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. You know I mean uh well you know uh so um you know well. It's ridiculously easy to use use use use use use use use use use um so I mean well well well okay okay I mean okay use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise um I mean I mean you know you know okay well um okay so on your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That means you so I mean you know uh okay uh I mean like uh you know can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what what what you know you know well well um well well um like so what what what what what what what what I'm doing right now by reading sad okay you know so uh I mean so you know so okay so I said it before but you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, like well um you know well you know like so uh you know know, know, know, know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It I mean um well um okay you know like so um uh stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very uh um um you know I mean uh you know I mean um okay easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to uh um like like so uh you know okay you know so to to to to to to to to to to cut out some, you so like um you know um uh um okay uh so know dead are very easy to do that as well. Well well well well you know like well like uh um um like okay so well well well well well well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a so um well okay well uh like uh you know so podcast and make money doing it it it it it it it it it I mean you know okay um like I mean okay uh I mean I mean it it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start well uh like um well I mean I mean okay uh you know Let's Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll whole you know uh um uh so well so so okay I mean ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.