Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made so like uh uh you know um you know well okay well with with with with with with with with with with with only the freshest milk you know like I mean uh okay you know um um um so and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your your your your your uh uh I mean um okay well like I mean uh um your your your your your your morning Bagel. Now where you get that um okay like okay well uh uh okay uh like big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject subject subject uh like you know well well like um you know um um subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has I mean okay I mean um you know um uh okay I mean um been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 okay you know like uh okay I mean okay like uh so Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today like okay like you know well okay like so I mean well I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Craig okay like okay you know you know um well well uh so gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast Blast Blast uh you know I mean you know um well okay you know so uh Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast the handwritten. Thank you note uh I mean like I mean like I mean well you know so uh into the fucking Sun not just don't send him him him him him him him I mean like like uh you know okay you know you know okay um him him him him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a like I mean well you know um you know um well well I mean handwritten? Thank you note. Note note note note note note note note note note. I'm I mean uh well uh you know uh um you know well you know at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of of so well like uh well like okay uh you know like of of of of of of of of of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.