So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in I mean well you know I mean you know well uh like okay so in in in in in in in in in in the world, you know how uh I mean like uh uh you know I mean uh uh you know to make a podcast and I crack up because because because because because because so well you know well so okay okay so so so because because because because because I am not tech savvy. I just use I mean um okay so well okay well like I mean I mean an app called anchor which I highly highly highly highly highly highly highly um like okay I mean you know you know you know okay I mean like highly highly highly highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives okay okay okay so like uh you know uh okay I mean you step-by-step directions on how to to to to to to to to to so okay so okay uh well okay I mean you know like to to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free you know well like um well okay so okay well okay editing's tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and the best you know so I mean okay like so like well I mean okay part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So So um you know I mean well like well well okay I mean you know So So So So So So So So So if you're interested in making a I mean um like um um well okay you know okay so podcast just download the free anchor app or or or or or or or so um okay you know uh um you know well you know like or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started okay like you know I mean you know okay like you know well you know that anchor ANC hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor dot uh I mean you know okay okay um uh okay like okay f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of well so well so well well okay I mean like I mean of of of of of of of of of of the good sign with me your host so I mean like you know well uh well I mean I mean like honest him in Tove. Thank you so so so so so so so so um I mean uh okay you know like uh okay um you know so so so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.