Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to to like like so you know um like uh okay like um to to to to to to to to to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The I mean uh you know okay I mean I mean you know so so you know NFL combine is over. We're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording uh uh so okay I mean I mean okay okay uh well recording this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a well okay you know um uh like so I mean like well couple days days days days days days days days days days days to um well you know you know like so so well well I mean digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going I mean I mean like okay I mean like uh well okay I mean going going going going going going going going going going to talk about today the like well okay um well I mean I mean uh okay uh offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And And And And And And And well okay um so well I mean okay uh um okay And And And And I know I said this on last week's show but I um uh I mean so like um well so I mean like have to reiterate you you you you you you you you you you you cannot freak so uh so like um you know you know um like I mean out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I okay okay well so I mean uh so okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean most of the okay you know so uh so well okay um uh well 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / / / / / like uh so like well like so um uh uh / / / / / / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't well um so okay so so uh uh so um make you wildly swinging your view of a a a a a a a uh okay uh um I mean um uh I mean like like a a a a player but we did learn some things some players had much so um um you know well you know okay like so like better showing than others. So So So So So So So So So So So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.