This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home you know I mean okay well um well I mean well you know um stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home moms. And we just you know like so uh you know well like like I mean okay kind of want to share our experiences since I I I I I I um uh I mean um like well okay like you know you know I I I I I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the okay I mean so okay you know okay uh um I mean I mean home and just just just just just just just just just just just okay I mean I mean like you know so okay uh well well kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there there there there you know well okay I mean um uh okay uh I mean well there there there there there there there are really great things. There are some okay you know I mean like so well like uh you know okay really messy Parts about each roll. So So So So So So I mean so um uh um um so so um so So So So So So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts okay I mean uh uh okay so I mean well okay okay whether you're cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning your kitchen uh I mean so like uh you know so I mean okay okay or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and and and and I mean okay like you know like uh like okay so well and and and and and and and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam um like like well uh like you know okay so okay and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's um okay like I mean well uh um you know uh well Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced you know okay well like uh uh like I mean well like the messiness that motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood um uh you know I mean like so uh so so I mean brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things uh like um um well I mean I mean uh so like motherhood. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once a like like okay well um like I mean okay uh you know month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that that that so you know so like so you know um okay I mean like that that that that that that that that you can share your story advocate for uh uh uh well so well you know uh uh uh your babies and connect with the other other other other other other other other other other other you know you know um like like well well um like so messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.