Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and and well so I mean um so you know okay well you know I mean and and and and and and and and and we are chatting about finishing a uh I mean I mean okay um well like I mean like I mean painting last week. We talked about getting started the the the the the the the the um I mean like uh um you know um you know um um the the the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now uh so you know I mean okay okay I mean you know um well I'm sharing all the tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips I mean you know okay like well I mean uh um uh you know and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I I I um like I mean well uh so you know so like I mean I I I I I I I I get to the finishing stage speaking well well you know I mean like well so uh well like of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you you you you you you you like okay like okay so so okay so well uh you you you you by my online class layer by layer where you will see okay so I mean uh so so you know uh you know uh Me paint a large large large large large large large large large large large abstract so um so I mean I mean so uh you know uh like painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that process process um uh I mean I mean so I mean well well so I mean process process process process process process process process process head on over to Laura you know I mean I mean like you know okay okay okay um you know horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer layer layer layer layer layer layer I mean okay okay so like so okay well like okay layer layer layer layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon well I mean you know okay you know well well uh so so is 20 in Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb you know well uh I mean uh I mean you know um like well Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to to okay like like well you know um uh I mean so you know to to to to to to to to to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.