I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, uh you know um uh I mean I mean like well like uh March March March March March March March March March March March 6th 2020. I like uh you know okay so um okay I mean okay like wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels feels feels feels feels well uh uh um like you know so uh um okay feels feels feels feels feels feels like there's been a lot going on this you know um um you know well so I mean uh you know well week, even though we've been on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring uh you know like I mean I mean um so you know um I mean spring spring spring spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to um um okay um okay okay okay well well you know the theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory courses. So okay well so I mean okay like um well I mean like if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the the the the the you know like like uh um um uh um I mean so the the the the the the in your clinical group, but not your so uh um uh uh so so uh so um theory class. Please pass this information on on on on on on on on on um so okay um like you know I mean okay um I mean on on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send okay you know um uh you know I mean I mean so uh well send send send send send send send send send send them the link. This okay okay I mean um uh well well well like like is important information that I want all of you to have. It's It's It's like I mean okay um um you know like so like I mean It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going to be even more important than um like I mean okay okay I mean okay so so so usual for us to be in communication communication communication communication communication communication communication communication so uh okay uh well um um uh like you know communication communication communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the like you know well you know um um um okay I mean you know next several weeks. You You You You You You You You You I mean like you know like so so so um uh well You You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You like um um you know so you know I mean well well I mean need to to to to to to to to to to to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.