Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views um like I mean uh I mean you know you know so uh okay views views views views views views views views views and opinions and expertise you would well like like so you know like um like uh like like to share with the world? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well you know well uh like like you know so well I mean okay Well Well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this I mean uh uh okay um um like like you know so podcast. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything so well like like um um okay well um uh everything everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download I mean um I mean you know well so okay well well like it onto your your your your your your your your your your your mobile so like so okay okay like um you know I mean uh device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and and um like so uh okay I mean uh uh I mean I mean and and and and and and and and and edit so your podcast sounds great like uh well like so uh okay I mean like you know and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple okay well okay okay well uh you know like like you know Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the well like like well so um like uh so okay best part you can easily make make make make make make make make make make make you know like so so you know I mean I mean okay um well money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor okay um I mean so well okay so okay well uh or or or or or or or or or or or go to ANC I mean you know um okay like um so you know like uh hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan so like you know like okay so uh so well you know Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute you know like um so like um like I mean okay uh tennis podcast. So I'm going to to to to to to to to to to you know so you know um um I mean I mean uh I mean uh to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.