I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I mean well uh well uh well like um well like talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now look at um uh okay so like so uh so like you know the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble uh uh well uh uh well I mean I mean like I mean trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble after show and guys. We are at the season so so I mean so um um so um um okay finale of the such a good good good good good good good good good you know so so well so so so like okay uh good good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking so well I mean okay like uh you know okay like um with you since season season season season season season season season season season season one. So okay okay well um so okay um so okay. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not not not um uh you know okay like um I mean like okay um not not not not not not not not do this out do this without I mean well well like like okay um uh um I mean my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. Love love love love love um you know so um I mean well well so so I mean love love love love love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a okay okay so okay you know you know okay okay well I mean biggest the big Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters um uh um I mean well so well uh you know you know crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high high like so uh I mean um like okay you know so well high high high high high high high high high school. So like I'm the OG I mean so okay so so well um okay well so posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she she she she she she she she she you know so okay um I mean well um so like uh she she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? I mean well you know I mean okay so okay okay um like How How How How How How How How How How How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.