We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting um well I mean well like you know uh um okay um starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me uh I mean so okay like uh you know I mean uh you know tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well uh uh like uh I mean okay uh so you know anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's like um um so like I mean okay well well you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free their creation tools that I mean okay like uh okay okay I mean um okay um allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know well well okay I mean I mean you know uh well well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you know um like I mean uh okay okay well okay so you. So you you you you you you you you you you you can be uh okay like I mean well you know um well like well heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make um uh um I mean uh um okay I mean I mean like make make make make make make make money from your podcast. No minimum okay you know you know like okay um like well um okay listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well I mean uh I mean I mean so I mean so uh so podcast podcast podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go like okay you know okay okay like like you know I mean okay to to to to to to to to to to to Anchored ifm to get like okay you know uh you know um I mean well okay um started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the the the the the okay okay uh you know okay so I mean I mean uh I mean the the the the the the car buying. Process how to get the best deal well uh um so I mean you know I mean um uh I mean what scans to watch out for and and and and and and and you know um okay you know I mean uh um okay so well and and and and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.