Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about well uh well you know like okay well okay okay like talking to to to to to to to to to to to you about money. Like uh uh so you know uh um like I mean so. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love well so um so okay like um uh well um Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about okay like okay you know okay um okay you know um you know how much money money money money money money money money money money money you uh well uh you know well I mean um uh well I mean have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your your your okay you know I mean well like so I mean like you know um your your your your your your your your professional life spiritually emotionally your you know okay like so okay I mean um okay well I mean relationships and all that good stuff. I get so so so so so so well okay uh well okay um I mean uh okay so so so so so so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some so um you know okay um um well uh uh okay VIP. So this is is is is is is is is is is is well uh you know like like well you know so um so our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. Questions questions well um like I mean like you know okay I mean so uh questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have I mean like so uh like I mean okay like well um been in a committed relationship for 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 you know um like so you know so uh so um you know 15 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I uh uh you know you know so okay okay uh I mean you know am but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a like well uh like like so well so I mean uh little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise promise promise so uh you know okay you know um like well um um promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise I am genuinely happy for them. Uh like like um okay like so I mean you know uh. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.