Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question question question okay okay well I mean like so I mean um so um question question question question question question question question I have for you. Do uh so like well I mean uh so uh um well you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet like you know uh I mean okay so well well like you know Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind uh uh so I mean so I mean like uh uh like of random shit. Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit. Then I mean like you know well um I mean um I mean um okay you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods Foods you know um uh you know I mean so well well I mean so Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods Foods that ridiculous discounts just like I mean you know you know okay uh okay well um well like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces sauces sauces sauces sauces sauces like uh uh I mean so well so I mean I mean uh sauces sauces sauces sauces sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom uh I mean you know uh well uh okay um you know you know the best place to to to to to to to to to to to well um I mean so you know so uh uh like so buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for okay well so like well I mean you know uh you know well for for for for for for for for for for today's episode Gary sits down the I mean like um okay so like like well well you know internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their their their their their their their okay I mean you know you know okay you know um like um I mean their their their their different hustles and how most of you need to break like okay well so I mean like so well well like out of the mold. Mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold. So make I mean well well so I mean I mean like uh I mean well sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know know know know uh well okay you know like uh so you know well you know know know know know know know know what you thought and I hope you you know I mean I mean you know um I mean like okay uh um enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.