Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm uh well I mean you know you know uh you know I mean um I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sharing with you about I mean um um okay um um okay okay like I mean the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the the the so well you know uh um like I mean so um you know the the the the the the the the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point well okay like um okay okay I mean well so so citing a material change in the u.s. Us us us us us us um um you know okay so you know so like like um us us us us. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically I mean well like okay I mean you know well I mean so like indicated that the virus and and and and and and and and and well like um I mean you know okay like well you know okay and and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely uh you know um so so like like so I mean okay way on economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic activity well like um I mean well like well well you know like both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than than well well um like um well uh I mean you know I mean than than than than than than than than than scheduled March fomc meeting but like so like like I mean well so like um you know clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to to to to to I mean well uh well you know um okay I mean okay uh to to to to to to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question um um okay like so well well okay okay um that remains is where will will will will will will will will will will will so you know like um uh okay like you know like um the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs Chiefs um you know okay I mean well um I mean uh uh like Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal I mean so so okay okay you know you know well you know well jawboning. So our senses look to to to to to to to to to to to I mean like I mean so you know uh like well like so the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.