Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the okay well so uh um well well uh well well the the the the the the the the the the art of empowerment podcasts or like so you know I mean um well so so well well photographers who want to see a change in our industry industry industry industry industry industry you know like you know so um well uh so um okay industry industry industry industry industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and I mean uh like so um like well so okay I mean become part of of of of of of of of of of of a community that like like you know okay like um uh I mean uh you know elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on on on on like well okay well okay I mean okay well you know well on on on on on on on this world. Are you up for I mean I mean so I mean well so okay I mean okay like the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here here here here well I mean so so like um I mean okay um uh here here here here here here here today with a special guest a treat if you know okay well uh like like you know um you know um you will Bethany. Well, I've never called called called called called called called called so okay okay I mean uh so okay like uh um called called called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name okay you know um okay I mean uh well I mean so I mean right? You did. Whoo. Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo well so well okay like um so um uh um Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start you know um like I mean okay okay uh you know okay so there. There there there there there there there there there there. Hi, well okay okay um you know well okay uh you know uh my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard starboard starboard starboard okay I mean uh so uh um uh like you know I mean starboard starboard starboard starboard starboard starboard starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.