Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and uh okay so okay I mean I mean okay uh I mean well and and and and and and and and and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from so so so like um like okay uh okay I mean Buffalo New York, and we grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew okay um so so well so um okay well like up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still um I mean uh uh so well so okay uh uh still still still still still still still still still still have our own take on every situation so uh you know uh I mean well okay well uh so and we're here coming at you live from from from from from from from okay like like like so you know well okay uh you know from from from from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming um well um you know well uh I mean I mean so like at you not not not not not not not not not not not live uh well you know okay um I mean so okay so I mean from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy okay so um I mean I mean like okay uh you know I mean this this this this this this this this this this this episode of tv you know okay you know well so uh like um uh well and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our our our our our our uh um I mean like you know okay uh you know uh okay our our our our our third episode of PB and chill in this uh so um well okay so like um so I mean episode. We are going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking um so I mean you know well like um um okay so talking talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason um you know okay uh so so okay you know well you know I want to do do do do do do do do do do do this so okay well like you know well like you know so so particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had had like okay you know I mean I mean um uh like you know I mean had had had had had had had had had a dream where I was doing uh I mean like um well okay so I mean um so this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.