Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat like so you know okay like uh uh you know so um fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat snare drum podcast. Today's I mean you know um I mean okay so well like like like episode is part 1 of my conversation with with with with with with with um okay okay um I mean like well well like so with with with with Dan Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working uh I mean so you know like so um um you know okay on a session for an an an an an an an an an an well like like I mean like um so okay I mean okay an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father like you know um well um you know like like like like John John John John John John John John John John John Misty first aid uh well uh uh like you know so I mean you know um kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series series series series like okay I mean like well so um um um um series series series series series series series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded well like like uh um uh um like so okay that his own Studio track track track track track track track track track track track so okay okay I mean like you know you know so um okay land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting setting setting I mean I mean uh well like I mean um okay well okay setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting up tuning and ultimately recording a I mean you know like uh like like like um um so drum kit. He does this all in real time, which which which which which which which uh you know you know okay you know like okay so so like which which which which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it uh I mean you know like so uh well I mean like you know with no brakes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's amazing well okay you know so okay uh so I mean um you know part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific specific so um I mean so um uh so you know you know uh specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific applications. You can check those out so well okay so um you know well like uh uh at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a a a a a a um so I mean so I mean okay I mean I mean you know uh a a a a a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.