I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV TV TV you know like uh I mean um you know um you know I mean so TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV top now let the buzz. What is so well uh I mean I mean okay okay um well okay up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me me me me me me me me I mean well so uh um uh you know well like you know me me me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode like like you know okay so okay you know you know so I mean 9 fog of of of of of of of of of of of War. This um you know you know um like well well um so like is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and and okay uh I mean you know like I mean you know so you know like and and and and and and and and and we have so much to uh you know I mean okay I mean so well I mean well I mean talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I I I uh well okay so okay um like I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I am joined by two amazing panelists okay like you know uh like um um uh uh uh tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys guys guys guys well uh like I mean so so okay well okay I mean guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and to her left. We have well you know um you know uh well like well well you know a moon a hello winning in that jean jean jean jean jean jean um okay I mean I mean I mean uh okay like like um jean jean jean jean jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to uh uh uh well I mean so well um um uh do the adding to to to to to to to to to to to like um well uh well like well like so like my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in well like uh well I mean uh you know you know you know uh in in in in in in in in in in the middle right guys, what did okay uh I mean so so uh so like I mean uh you think of this episode? This was was was was was was was like so you know like okay well okay okay um you know was was was was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.