Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of uh uh I mean you know uh um um you know okay I mean Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of course you do. That's why I mean I mean so so well you know okay so you know um you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your your your your your your okay you know I mean well like uh you know I mean um uh your your your your your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to like well so like okay okay I mean okay well you know send out into the world. World world world world world world world world world uh okay you know okay you know I mean so okay um well world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the uh um I mean like I mean okay um you know well okay the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast like well you know uh okay like uh um you know well and it's totally free anchor has all the creative creative creative creative creative creative you know well um like I mean so uh you know I mean uh creative creative creative creative creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast so well I mean I mean like you know well okay uh I mean right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or so you know like so well you know um uh like okay computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets gets um okay so you know I mean like like so okay I mean gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You um uh um so like well um okay I mean so can find podcasts. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you like uh so okay uh um like um you know uh need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting waiting so you know like well I mean so uh so uh I mean waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting for download the free anchor you know uh well well so well I mean okay um okay app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.