Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm like I mean I mean you know like um well uh so like Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's like so okay like uh so like well so okay acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with with I mean um so okay you know like like so so uh with with with with with with with with with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. Well you know I mean well um okay like you know well you know. I have no over the past week. We got the nfl. NFL NFL NFL NFL well um like uh well so I mean um um well NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, well okay um like uh I mean I mean um so okay sir MVP race race race race race race race race race race race I mean I mean well so uh okay uh I mean uh uh and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to to um well uh so okay um okay so so so to to to to to to to to to attack of a low and possibly okay like well you know uh I mean um well you know well the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk you know I mean I mean I mean I mean so like you know so well talk talk talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful well I mean I mean well well so I mean you know you know uh day outside somebody 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s all like um you know um like like so you know well okay week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who you know well you know like okay you know uh okay so um who who who who who who who who who who week of sports the you know okay uh uh you know I mean well um you know um past week as far as been amazing. We got two great great great great great so well uh like I mean uh like so um so great great great great great great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers you know I mean I mean uh I mean I mean um uh you know um won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.