Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode uh you know like um okay okay uh um so uh of Brawn and and and and and and and and and and and brains. So like so okay you know like um um like you know okay this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach Zach Zach Zach I mean so well um so well uh um so so Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach so up, but you may know him uh uh like um well okay uh uh uh so as the Nittany Lion so I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually uh uh uh well so well so like okay well actually actually actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed so okay you know you know uh uh so so so okay himself as as as as as as as as as as as the Nittany Lion you know I mean okay so okay you know um uh I mean um because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part part part part part part okay well I mean so I mean you know like um you know like part part part part part of said that the The line was actually in our so uh so you know I mean um okay you know I mean you know major. Major major major major major major major major major major. So I had a like I mean well you know you know um well uh uh okay little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot lot lot I mean so okay I mean uh okay you know like like okay lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people have had classes Zach so I mean like I mean well uh like um um well and I were new so that was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind um so well um I mean I mean you know I mean so well kind kind kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year so like you know well I mean you know so you know I mean like who our mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot is and so uh um uh um you know uh you know well okay a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So So So So uh well well um like uh well you know okay uh So So So So So So So that's kind of cool. You want to so you know you know uh well well like well um so give us a little introduction about yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself okay I mean you know um I mean I mean like okay so well yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.