Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute I mean you know like I mean okay well uh uh I mean okay minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Uh uh well okay uh um uh like um I mean. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, so well uh um okay so you know okay I mean like anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why well you know well I mean you know um um so okay like you ask let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's uh um um um well okay I mean well um okay it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so okay um um uh like well so you know I mean right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or like so you know I mean you know you know I mean well you know so computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it uh you know okay um you know uh I mean well uh uh it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well you know okay you know okay so um so um uh many more apps. You can also also also also also also also also also also um well well uh uh well so like so okay also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge well I mean I mean you know uh uh uh you know so well you you you you you you you you you you you guys it's well I mean so like okay you know okay like uh so everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free okay you know I mean uh uh I mean so I mean like I mean free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f so you know so I mean well uh well like so you know m-- to get started back to the the the the the the the the the um okay uh like I mean I mean okay okay um like the the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.