Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want so uh I mean so so uh well um like uh want want want want want want want want to thank you for your support and I mean well okay um like you know well well uh so listening to each episode and I hope you you you you you you you I mean like um uh well like I mean I mean I mean okay you you you you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor okay well okay um um okay um okay um I mean its easiest way to make make make make make make make make make um so you know um you know you know um I mean okay well make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record um so you know well I mean um okay like you know like and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from so you know okay um so uh you know um you know like your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your you know well okay you know so well like um okay well your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a um I mean like um I mean I mean you know um so I mean podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast and many I mean okay I mean I mean well um well you know okay so more you can also make money from your podcast. It's It's It's It's It's okay okay you know you know okay like okay well uh I mean It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a successful podcast uh uh um um uh okay like I mean you know okay download the free. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM um like like um I mean I mean like you know well okay FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started at every touch point of well well so uh okay um I mean I mean okay uh you doing business with with with with with with with with with with with your customers okay like like I mean well I mean okay um I mean uh give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind I mean you know um so I mean well like uh uh okay is is is is is is is is is is is my book The Five AM you know like uh so well um okay I mean so I mean Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote um okay I mean like okay you know you know um well um rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.