What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and okay you know like I mean so so okay so you know you know this this this this this this this this this this this episode is recapping reviewing the okay well like okay like okay I mean so I mean um season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina like well um um well okay okay um I mean um Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is I mean okay like okay so uh um you know like you know Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend and don't forget um um like okay like like okay I mean okay you know guys stick around for the any because we are going to go go go go so like um I mean uh well like okay like so go go go go go go go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are you know so you know okay uh well like you know well like best lines of the episode. So be be be be be be be be be well well so well uh uh well okay okay so be be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on like um like like uh well like like you know uh right now for for for for for for for for for for for a well like well like like so I mean okay like okay chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter um okay well well so um so you know okay well just just just just just just just just just just just written comments on so I mean um uh so um you know I mean okay well our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're We're We're We're you know okay like you know uh like um you know um well We're We're We're We're We're We're We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season okay I mean okay uh okay okay you know I mean I mean you know for so we have lots of time time time time time time time time time time uh uh um like uh okay well uh I mean um time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank okay like like uh um you know uh okay like like you for joining us. Us us us us us us us us us us. You know I mean like um well like I mean so you know you know. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. I mean well you know um I mean so well well like you know. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yo, let's get so um um um I mean so uh so so um into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it was so I mean you know you know I mean um um like I mean okay was was was was was was was was was was good? It was really so well so okay uh like um uh you know uh good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.