Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to you know so well I mean I mean you know well so uh okay to to to to to to to to to thrive in their relationships around um uh like like so okay like okay so so you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams grams grams grams you know so I mean you know uh so uh okay okay well grams grams grams grams grams grams grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of uh um you know I mean well okay okay uh so so friendships a less common common common common common common common common common common um well I mean well like I mean um well like so common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've We've um so um like well I mean I mean I mean uh like We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've learned and still learning so grab I mean I mean um okay okay well so you know okay uh a cold brew and join us at the table. Table table table table table well well I mean I mean I mean well I mean so you know you know table table table table table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here uh you know okay you know uh um okay like um uh and I I I I I I I I I I I wanted to you know I mean okay I mean well um so uh okay uh give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and and I mean okay um so I mean uh I mean I mean okay you know and and and and and and and and and I wanted to say hello. Uh I mean well well um um um you know uh well. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and and and and uh well I mean so you know uh well I mean uh so and and and and and and and I have a shout-out to to Perry you know so okay I mean okay you know um I mean like okay the Platypus just wish that you never never never never never never never never never well well like well like um I mean um you know well never never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, you know you know I mean uh um so like I mean uh okay yeah, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.