Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This okay uh okay like um I mean so uh like well This This This This This This This This This This is fun to speculate okay okay like you know like I mean um so okay you know a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. Ideas ideas ideas ideas you know like so you know so I mean so I mean uh well ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to well well I mean you know well you know okay like you know I mean a brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand new episode uh well um okay so I mean I mean uh um I mean of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to to to to well um uh okay okay well well so well okay to to to to to to to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm like uh you know so you know okay like I mean so I mean back. Well, yes you were sick last last last last last last last last last last uh well I mean so I mean you know well okay so well last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things like like you know like uh well you know so uh well we we we we we we we we we we we recorded it's actually been a um I mean like um okay like okay um well well while since we like sat here to do and and and and and and and and um well um okay so uh um okay uh well and and and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a like uh okay like you know um okay like like well three-day time span span span span span span span span span span span and we I mean uh uh like you know so I mean you know you know well had a nice little break in between and now we have to to uh uh like okay like like like well I mean uh to to to to to to to to to catch up and record one like uh you know I mean I mean you know okay I mean um well um every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's That's That's That's That's That's uh uh like okay uh so um okay you know you know That's That's That's That's That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I uh well well well uh okay uh okay like uh want this show. I I I I I I I I I I I uh um I mean okay well so I mean uh well okay hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, so you know okay uh well you know uh you know like uh I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope a lot of okay okay like I mean you know so so uh so um people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in in in in so uh you know you know you know uh so like I mean um in in in in in in in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.