Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff like um well I mean well um well you know I mean you know to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a I mean okay so okay so like well well uh like lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to first. First First like like I mean uh so I mean so okay like um First First First First First First First First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a okay like so like so okay well uh um okay new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and and and and and and and okay like I mean okay you know so I mean I mean okay so and and and and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is so like like like so uh so so uh you know the first time they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're so well you know you know um so uh um well like they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so like uh you know so so you know I mean you know so um so so so so so so so so so so read a little article about uh you know you know well um okay okay uh so so this AQ and we were just talking about this before before before before before before um so uh I mean um you know okay well well uh before before before before before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck okay well um um I mean I mean uh well like okay in a couple games during the regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular so uh like so so um you know well so you know regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. So okay okay I mean well um like like okay you know. They've given given given given given given given given given given given it to like well um well um you know like so so so a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with with with with with well well uh okay you know I mean okay so you know you know with with with with with with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally um well I mean well um so well you know I mean um positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.