What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and you know well so so you know um so you know okay like and and and and and and and and and and Ashlee of the - Lee's um uh uh uh well well I mean uh uh uh we are on a high right now. We just filmed filmed filmed filmed so uh so like so you know you know like like you know filmed filmed filmed filmed filmed filmed filmed one podcast with one of my heroes I mean okay so um okay uh so um I mean um in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking taking taking taking taking uh I mean uh like you know so so well uh you know taking taking taking taking taking taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever uh uh you know like well I mean okay well like I mean on this podcast. So that's going going going going going going going going going going uh I mean you know uh um you know I mean I mean you know okay going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. So um I mean you know uh okay like um you know you know. Emails emails emails emails emails emails emails emails emails emails. We're just going well so so like I mean you know you know so I mean okay to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really really really really um well I mean I mean you know well okay well like okay really really really really really really really trying to answer these well for well uh like okay well like I mean you know you know you know you guys down and I are just two two two two two two two okay you know uh uh well um well you know you know I mean two two two two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So uh well I mean um like uh uh uh um uh we're just going to to to to to to to to to to uh okay so um uh um well so so so to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We well uh you know okay uh um so uh so okay would would would would would would would would would would would hope that we so okay well okay um um you know so uh like would do and will also tell you what we have done which which which which which uh so so so like so okay um well uh which which which which which which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do you know uh well I mean um okay I mean I mean I mean um combined with some things. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've well okay I mean like so well well I mean you know you know We've We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so so um like like I mean uh you know okay okay further further further further further further further further further further further Ado, let's get started by I mean okay you know so well so so okay you know um do it looks of mine with the stuff from from from from from from so like like well so you know like well okay well from from from from from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.