Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for I mean I mean uh um uh you know so you know I mean um for for for for for for for for for for joining today. I am like okay you know so uh okay well you know so I mean so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that that that that that okay you know so well um like I mean I mean okay well that that that that that that you choose to listen today. I've had an um uh so you know I mean uh like you know you know well awful cold all week. So hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully so you know I mean okay I mean well uh like um um hopefully hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So like um okay um like well uh well uh uh today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode is something I like you know okay okay okay well I mean you know okay I mean couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the the I mean uh okay um well you know I mean you know so like the the the the the the the the the very first wash guest of like I mean like like okay I mean you know um uh you know a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media media media media media media media uh um um so so like um okay so um media media media media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this I mean like I mean so so uh so well okay like guest back on another podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean okay uh okay so so I mean okay okay uh God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon I mean um um so like um uh um like well and I remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember listening thinking you know like well okay well um well uh I mean you know wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was was was I mean well okay um you know well well well I mean um was was was was was was was was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.