You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and and and uh uh so you know well you know I mean uh uh I mean and and and and and and and and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of I mean um uh um like you know uh okay um um the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day saints. Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints you know um so you know like like well you know you know okay Saints Saints Saints Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me um well okay well uh um uh you know okay like this week. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode uh I mean uh I mean um you know I mean uh okay like episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this you know so you know you know well I mean well you know so I mean podcast. If If If If If If If If If If If you you know like like you know you know uh well well you know okay haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor you know so well I mean I mean so like you know so um Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is free to use and they have um okay you know so so uh okay like um so a creation tool that allows you to to to to to to to to to well you know uh like you know like you know okay like like to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger you know I mean well I mean so well I mean well so uh will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast I mean I mean I mean I mean you know so I mean um like I mean for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and you know like okay so well uh you know uh like like and and and and and and and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need um so like I mean uh I mean uh okay um okay to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in so I mean well okay so um like so well um in in in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM um so uh well I mean like like um well um to get started started started started started started started started started started started this week's well like you know uh so like like like um um lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.