Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs I mean so like uh uh okay uh like uh well beauty. Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty. It's not just lipstick so well um um um well so well uh well its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with with with with with with with so you know so you know like uh like you know well uh with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate like I mean uh like uh I mean well I mean um so and inspire you you you you you you you you you you you to take well okay uh you know I mean so so so um I mean your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super I mean like okay uh well I mean uh I mean okay like super super super super super super super super super super excited to share today's interview you know so um well uh um um okay I mean so with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing so okay uh so I mean uh like I mean I mean like interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's I mean you know like okay well so uh okay um okay from Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Canada and okay okay okay um well so you know okay um so she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to to like uh like so so so um you know okay I mean to to to to to to to to to commercials and etcetera. She uh uh okay uh uh uh I mean um so uh also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those those those uh well you know I mean well I mean well so uh well those those those those those those those those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and like uh I mean okay you know well uh okay so well I really enjoyed talking with her about about about about about about about about uh I mean I mean like I mean you know um I mean I mean okay about about about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.