Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond like um uh like okay okay like uh okay uh reality has has has has has has has has has has has been divided so you know um I mean so like I mean okay uh I mean into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk talk talk talk I mean well you know um um like you know well okay um talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in uh like um I mean well um okay you know uh like a cup of tea and which which which which which which which which which which well so um okay you know um um um you know well which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him uh you know so um um you know so I mean uh like both both both both both both both both both both both are fascinating discussions. So, uh I mean you know uh okay well I mean okay you know so please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The The The The The so I mean um well I mean uh well um okay you know The The The The The The night may be long and the dark uh you know like you know okay uh you know so okay um maybe deep but the answers are there there there there there there there there there like well okay um you know um I mean I mean you know uh there there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal like okay I mean like okay like okay um um like you're in in in in in in in in in in in the right um I mean uh uh I mean okay um I mean I mean you know place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several several several several I mean so okay so you know okay so like um okay several several several several several several several books, including the Antichrist in a cup well okay so um you know uh uh uh well you know of tea. We're going to be talking about about about about about about okay I mean okay I mean I mean so I mean you know so um about about about about about that next. But before we do just a I mean uh I mean uh like well I mean well um you know quick reminder go to YouTube If you you you you you you um um uh so you know I mean okay uh so I mean you you you you you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe I mean so so well well like like well like I mean just search for JV Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson so um um um you know uh like you know um okay Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.