The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think well uh um I mean okay well okay okay um okay think think think think think think think think think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream you know I mean you know okay well so like um okay okay laughing first class sounds is the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice uh okay well well you know so so I mean you know so voice voice voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big you know uh uh like um I mean okay I mean so uh fashion big big big big big big big big big big big bank. We got family um uh you know well uh I mean well um uh you know in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody uh um I mean you know well I mean you know um uh okay nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. I mean I mean okay so um you know like okay so okay. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha okay uh uh um um you know well you know you know like ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just you know I mean uh like um uh so you know so okay just just just just just just just just just just a conversation. It's like you know like I mean um I mean so uh you know you know okay talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why why why why why okay uh you know so so uh um well I mean so why why why why why why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing I mean well you know um like you know okay so um okay you got to do we know know know know know know know know know so so uh okay um uh I mean like um like know know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going well well uh so um uh well okay okay well to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell the truth the okay uh okay well like okay I mean you know so I mean whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you you you uh you know um um uh like uh so I mean I mean you you you you you you you you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, I mean well uh um so like like I mean I mean okay cool. So what we left off last time we we we we we uh uh uh like okay uh so well um well we we we we we we talked it was just just just talking like like okay like uh okay well well you know you know about you and wrapping and being Rapper Rapper Rapper Rapper Rapper Rapper Rapper Rapper uh I mean um so so you know I mean okay uh well Rapper Rapper Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts I mean I mean I mean so so so um I mean okay um of of of of of of of of of of of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.