You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired you know you know so you know so okay uh you know okay um aired aired aired aired aired aired aired aired on YouTube. So the used to well um um well uh so okay like well well be a visual element. There is not any more. This This This This This you know uh well uh um like I mean you know okay you know This This This This This This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking um I mean uh uh okay uh um well so you know the dog or driving the the the the the the the the the the you know I mean um okay like you know uh so so um the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why you know I mean so so uh I mean uh um like okay this this this this this this this this this this this audio version exists. If um so I mean you know okay well uh I mean well um you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever wherever wherever um you know I mean uh um okay like um like well wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever your podcasts we really do um you know well um I mean I mean okay well like uh appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So So So So So So So well so well uh well uh like uh like um So So So So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment so well so like um okay like uh well so a wizard of animation. Animation animation animation animation animation animation animation animation animation animation. A you know um so okay I mean so uh I mean uh okay pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture culture so okay like um I mean like okay uh well um culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture and Collective imagination. It cannot uh like like well so okay like like like I mean be understated. You could love him. You can can can can can can can well so well so uh uh um well like okay can can can can hate him or you can love to hate him but you I mean you know so you know uh uh so uh uh you know simply cannot ignore his his his his his his his his his his okay like I mean uh like um like I mean I mean like his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but I mean well uh so you know okay well like um so well, it's not not not not not not not not not not not I mean well so uh so so okay um okay okay is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.