Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known so like um um I mean okay I mean uh like okay as as as as as as as as as as as polyphonic and you're listening like well uh um I mean uh I mean uh okay um to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue issue you know um so like I mean so um um I mean you know issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue at a time. Yes, and we will so so you know you know so I mean you know uh um well finally answer the question. Question question question question question question question question question question. Well well I mean okay like well okay okay okay I mean. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said I mean uh so uh I mean well uh like well uh this this this this this this this this this this this is the okay you know like you know uh so you know well uh okay Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. Fast fast fast um uh okay I mean so you know um okay um so fast fast fast fast fast fast fast. How long how long were you sitting on that okay so like well you know you know like like well um one? How long was was was was was was was was was was was I sitting I mean like so like you know like uh okay okay like on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. Episode episode you know um uh so uh okay well well okay well episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is okay uh I mean like so um well I mean well you know good book really. This is a good book. Book book book book book book book you know uh um you know like you know so well you know um book book book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love okay uh um well so you know you know I mean uh like this cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover this. You know okay well I mean you know well you know uh like so like what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.