Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We you know I mean okay you know okay uh so like you know so are joined. Once again again again again again again again again again again again by so you know well I mean well uh so um like okay Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes because like you know um like like I mean uh okay okay uh because because because because because because because because because because we don't really go like uh I mean um so you know okay you know okay um through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that that well well I mean okay um okay like okay I mean uh that that that that that that that that that we interview in this case. You know um I mean okay you know okay like well I mean like. We interviewed. And since it was the second time we we we we we we we we you know like I mean so I mean well like um well um we we we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I well well I mean you know uh okay okay well um well got to talk about a a a a a a a a a so uh like well um well well you know um I mean a a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear well like okay like I mean um like so um um a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Yanni's you know uh okay so like well you know okay um like Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of of of of um like okay um um you know okay so well you know of of of of of of of went through a couple topics one was his okay so okay um um you know I mean well you know like little brother Greg just just just just just just just just just just just um I mean well I mean you know um okay I mean I mean I mean want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked talked well you know I mean well uh like I mean you know okay um talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked a little bit about that and so so I mean like well uh uh like I mean uh then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.