Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay so okay okay uh okay um like like so. Week week week week week week week week week week. Okay, we're not even done with you know uh okay you know so so so well um well the I know you didn't watch the show, show, show, show, show, show, well okay well you know uh like um you know um like show, show, show, show, show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this well I mean like you know okay like uh um okay well has nothing to do with with with with with with with with with with with well I mean like okay uh okay um I mean um I mean anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened so um okay um um uh uh like okay I mean to to to to to to to to to to to walk in and the very okay um okay um so well you know you know okay so last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is is is is you know I mean so you know okay like so I mean okay so is is is is is is is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. Uh you know like like uh you know I mean like you know uh. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me me me me me me I mean uh like you know like uh okay um uh okay me me me me me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the well uh okay okay like I mean so you know okay so past two days. We were up up up up up up up up up um so well um uh um you know so uh uh up up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and lauren. Well you know you know I mean well like well so um uh. I'm emotionally invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested in I mean uh uh um um so okay well uh so the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water uh like um well I mean you know well I mean like so everywhere. Everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in I mean I mean I mean um um okay um okay so like Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He He He He He I mean I mean you know you know uh well okay you know you know so He He He He He He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he uh well well I mean well uh I mean I mean like you know just he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's very emotional. He's a um like I mean I mean um uh um well I mean okay very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. Much much um like okay okay you know you know okay so okay um much much much much much much much much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.