Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need uh I mean like like well um like uh you know you know more voices in in in in in in in in in in in the church uh so like okay so I mean you know um so uh talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions well I mean uh so um um well well like you know passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed down uh uh uh uh I mean um like okay okay um to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a a um like so uh I mean well well well so well a a a a a a a a a lot of ways to get involved well okay well well um I mean um okay you know like and an easy one is to start a a a a a a a you know uh um so well okay well uh I mean okay a a a a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. You know um so so I mean I mean um um okay well. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't like like like um you know uh um like uh like heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um like um like okay like like okay so well me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's I mean you know um so okay well I mean well you know um Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your like I mean okay um like so I mean you know so you know your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor well like okay okay okay like you know um okay like will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So I mean so okay okay um you know okay okay you know um So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean I mean okay you know well uh like uh um uh you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually make some uh you know you know okay you know uh well like well I mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to well uh well so so I mean so okay I mean um to to to to to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. You know I mean so um well uh um you know I mean I mean. So if you're interested download the free free free free free free free free free free so well um um um um like so uh well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.