Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese um so um so like okay you know okay like I mean made made made made made made made made made made made with only the well okay okay like I mean you know well so uh um freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading you know well you know so I mean so um well well I mean spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get uh um um uh I mean I mean uh well okay I mean that big ol should be the the the the the the the the I mean okay well uh well uh like okay well so the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia um uh uh so uh like I mean uh okay I mean has been doing this this this this this this this this this this this okay uh like like um um uh you know well I mean since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my my my my um I mean uh like you know um so I mean like uh my my my my my my my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by like okay uh so well I mean okay I mean uh well Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman Sherman so well you know um okay I mean I mean well uh well Sherman Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during I mean I mean um like well well like uh uh like the week is is is is is is is is is is is Thursday. Mmm. The so like um so okay like well um I mean I mean three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday holiday holiday like like like uh uh I mean okay you know uh okay holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday in the middle of the week for you know well like I mean um like you know uh like so Roger at the government. The government has has has has has has has has has I mean um uh um like like well like um um has has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.