What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about uh uh so okay well like so you know okay um the the the the the the the the the the the gross margin impact of a you know so I mean um um I mean okay uh like uh successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid uh uh um I mean I mean I mean um uh like I mean plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something okay I mean I mean well um uh you know you know well you know I'm really really excited about from from from from from from from from from from you know you know you know uh like so I mean well you know you know from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to like so um well like you know uh okay I mean so the the the the the the the the the the the third row podcast. I you know you know like like okay well like okay you know like came up the idea for this episode. We were just just just just so okay I mean you know I mean so I mean well well I mean just just just just just just just recording and we're talking about this new track um so well so well well so so I mean well package that came out for the model model model model model model model model model like you know I mean well um you know well okay you know well model model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool cool so I mean like I mean okay like I mean um you know so cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool looking new tire. Hours well so uh so uh like okay you know I mean I mean for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand okay you know okay um so like uh okay okay um Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand so okay like so well uh well um well uh more for these new tires and and and and and and and and and and so so so like well I mean um I mean you know like and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. Um you know okay I mean I mean so okay uh well I mean. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's gotten some awesome um I mean okay you know I mean uh you know so you know like reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like like like well I mean so like so well okay I mean well you know like like like like like like like like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla so okay like like I mean so uh you know um I mean as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell so um so uh I mean like okay so you know like upsell upsell upsell upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die okay okay well uh you know I mean I mean you know okay um Hard fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans and like Tesla so like like okay um you know okay um okay I mean nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what what what what what okay I mean uh well so you know um I mean uh like what what what what what what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.