Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. Uh um um okay well okay um I mean well so. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This podcast is about business like I mean I mean you know uh well like well like like Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do do do do do do well uh um um uh um uh you know uh so do do do do do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written uh like um I mean okay so well you know um um about topics shaping your behavior. Behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior. Well so well I mean okay I mean you know uh so uh. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote you know I mean you know uh like um okay so okay you know episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to answering your okay like um okay you know you know so I mean like like questions. If you want to ask me a question visit visit visit visit visit well I mean you know I mean so okay you know uh um you know visit visit visit visit visit visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews okay so I mean so you know well you know um uh you know and ask me me me me me me me me me me me a question by leaving you know you know you know like okay um um well um uh a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question question question question I mean you know I mean uh I mean um okay like like um question question question question question question question a future episode. So please ask me anything uh uh you know okay you know like uh okay so uh now enjoy the episode and for for for for for for for for for for for okay so I mean uh like like okay you know uh I mean more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to to to I mean like you know okay I mean well okay well you know so to to to to to to to to trigger product usage that sticks by I mean you know so well uh well uh like well like Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any any any any any any any any any well like I mean I mean so um you know well well I mean any any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.