Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast like I mean uh you know like uh um I mean you know I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back for another week like um like well well you know like well uh um of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? weekend weekend you know um um okay um you know okay like like so weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah so like you know well well so well okay well so fantastic. You got to sleep in which was was was was was was was was you know like um so I mean I mean um well okay like was was was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough like I mean well well um I mean well like so um being back here in PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, PA, okay you know um well I mean uh um like like like PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on friday. You know um well uh uh so I mean uh you know so. We had had had had had had had had had had had a you know like well like I mean uh like so I mean I mean show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them them them so well like well so okay uh so so uh them them them them them them them them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide you know so well um uh I mean uh um um like and seek and they have internal and and and and and and and and so okay you know you know like uh um like uh well and and and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It is um like uh so I mean so uh like okay you know is is is is is is is is is is full of really you know well okay okay okay um so like you know I mean really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and and and so you know I mean uh um okay you know I mean uh uh and and and and and and and and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh like well okay uh well so like um well um no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.