Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our well you know well uh I mean you know you know I mean like so act act act act act act act act act act act together before uh so so well well okay okay I mean so so the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off I mean so okay you know well uh okay so so okay on on on on on on on on on on on Saturdays and Sundays as like you know um well so I mean I mean okay um uh a family and we just got a lotta things that we we we we we well so uh I mean you know okay you know you know uh uh we we we we we we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but uh uh you know um um okay uh so okay well Sunday, especially given against towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards well I mean so okay like you know I mean well I mean uh towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to to um so so well uh well okay um well so to to to to to to to to to be done for tomorrow? Get uh like well well uh okay um um you know well your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Lunches lunches lunches lunches well well uh so well um you know so so okay lunches lunches lunches lunches lunches lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we okay well so well I mean well you know uh um I mean gotta get back to to to to to to to to to to to well so well okay I mean well well I mean you know I mean work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time um like um okay uh um you know uh uh you know because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a i okay um like you know like um like um like well you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't can't like uh um like okay well well uh like uh can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't even wait to go back and okay so so like um like okay like so I mean like know I hate school. I don't think think think think think think think think I mean um I mean well well well well um you know well think think think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But okay okay like I mean well well uh um uh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.