Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like uh so so so like so uh I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you well I mean like well I mean okay well so okay you know to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor um like like well like you know uh um okay um Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has like you know um I mean you know I mean um uh um uh made it. So easy guys, I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um well um uh well uh well like I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only you know uh you know uh you know um like okay like well known known known known known known known known known known known it like five you know well like okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay ten years before early because all I need to do is download download download download okay so well I mean okay like okay okay I mean you know download download download download download download download the anchor. I have record my voice in it so uh okay okay so uh I mean um so you know and just click post and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know I mean well uh like um you know like I mean um anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the uh so uh you know you know I mean well okay I mean uh major major major major major major major major major major major podcast sides. You you know um you know so I mean like well like you know I mean know apps that are available and I do not need to do do you know so um uh I mean I mean uh uh I mean um do do do do do do do do do anything else. So this is I mean you know you know uh uh like I mean well okay you know just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of of of of of um well so you know okay like like um I mean like of of of of of of it. If you have a message if you have so uh um um okay I mean like um uh um some come content, which you you you you you you you you you you so uh so you know you know you know like so well um you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post post you know you know like well uh so uh so well well post post post post post post post post post something make sure you use like well well so um I mean um you know um uh this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So So So So So So well um like uh well um you know uh uh well So So So So So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a okay uh um uh I mean uh so um I mean so practice and it it it it it it it it it it it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.