Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your you know um I mean you know okay you know well I mean like like host development development development development development development development development development development development Ronnie. I am okay like okay like so uh so I mean I mean so the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a a a a a a so like you know you know I mean well I mean well you know well a a a a a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. So um well so okay well I mean um okay so. Thank you for joining me for the first first first first first first first first like you know I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean okay so first first first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or okay you know I mean so um so um well like well a leotard ceiling milo. Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo. She's okay I mean so um so um um well uh uh a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment um okay uh I mean uh um uh so so um investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment and Alton see company based in um so so uh like like so um so um sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's who's who's who's who's who's who's I mean I mean um uh okay um well uh like so who's who's who's who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of you know uh uh um so you know okay you know I mean so contracts as well as attending to to to to to to to to to to to any like okay well I mean like so so like okay uh legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of I mean I mean okay okay well um well uh okay uh the probation probation probation probation probation probation probation probation probation probation probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.