Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan you know so you know you know um like um well um uh analysis podcast and and and and and and and and and and and is not well um you know okay uh well uh like I mean well affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to to to so like I mean so I mean I mean well uh uh well to to to to to to to to support the release of its books and uh like like well like like um so I mean okay merchandise whenever possible feel free to read read read read read read read read read I mean uh uh like okay uh um I mean you know so read read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or you know you know so okay I mean I mean like I mean uh so disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, we suggest you like um uh I mean you know um you know well like so stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for for for for for for for I mean you know well okay um um I mean okay I mean like for for for for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to um well uh well well you know I mean you know so uh Read instead of of of of of of of of of of of listen both so uh I mean well I mean okay you know like uh okay Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some some some some well like um well um like like um well well some some some some some some some opinions about the construction of the story. I mean well um uh so like so you know like I mean. These opinions may be different from yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, well you know uh okay uh okay well I mean okay okay yours, yours, yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This like I mean you know okay um so like well well well show is not safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe well like you know so I mean like I mean I mean you know you know safe safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait like you know okay um so you know you know uh so you know wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to listen until you were uh I mean uh you know I mean I mean um um like I mean old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.