Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A A um okay I mean uh um I mean well uh well well A A A A A A A A A schnee. Ask Ashley. I okay um so okay okay so so well uh okay don't know. Are we even going to come up with with with with you know okay um so I mean uh I mean like okay I mean with with with with with with with a name for this? We'll get well uh okay like uh like so well uh you know started right after this a lot of of of of of of of of I mean um okay I mean you know uh okay like so um of of of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in you know uh uh I mean uh well okay you know you know I mean starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting their own podcast. So um okay uh I mean okay um you know okay um I mean this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to to to to uh I mean well like you know okay okay like like like to to to to to to to you about my favorite platform for this so um um you know I mean so like I mean you know okay anchor it is absolutely the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest okay well like uh like I mean um you know so well easiest way first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record okay you know so okay I mean you know well like I mean like and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast uh so uh okay I mean uh okay you know uh so right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this okay um well I mean like like you know okay so uh this this this this this this this this this this podcast was actually well you know well you know well well um you know um uh recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I I I I so you know so so okay like okay uh well uh I I I I I I I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast uh I mean so like like um like okay um um for you. So it goes to to to to to to to to to to like I mean so so okay um you know you know you know well to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.