What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm uh I mean well okay so uh so um you know I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to talk about a okay uh like I mean uh I mean um well um okay Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a a a a a a a you know uh uh okay you know um uh um um so a a a a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship uh okay okay like uh um okay uh uh okay whether it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's an open well you know um well well I mean you know uh okay okay relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay stay like uh well okay um I mean well I mean um well stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned. Welcome to the well well you know well um like well well uh I mean quickie and first before we get into the show, if if if if if if like you know so well uh you know okay I mean so okay if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, um like okay okay well like you know okay uh uh it is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way like well I mean you know like um like I mean so I mean to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's um well you know you know um well uh uh uh well fun and and and and and and and and and and and it's free. Like um you know you know I mean well you know okay like you know. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, so I mean I mean uh I mean you know so um um you know Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record well well so I mean okay um like I mean well uh it and make money while you're doing it. There There There There There There There I mean I mean well I mean like like I mean so well like There There There There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh okay well I mean um I mean I mean well well like right right right right right right right right right right right from your um I mean uh well uh well so well like I mean phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.