Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted like well so well like I mean like well I mean like wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to let you all know so okay so uh you know uh well well like well that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front front front front front front front you know okay um so okay you know um okay I mean like front front front front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as I mean um you know well um um so I mean well um you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I am both I mean uh like like I mean uh um uh um well a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well Well Well Well Well uh like well like okay okay well uh okay well Well Well Well Well Well Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a like okay well okay okay uh okay so well well super fan of many kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds um well okay like like so so I mean well uh kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes okay so okay okay okay um well uh like so romance knows the value of of of of of of of of of of uh so I mean like I mean I mean okay so like you know of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into so so okay so so um well I mean you know I mean into into into into into into into into into into romance in any flavor okay well I mean well um like well so I mean okay check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic uh well like okay well um I mean you know uh well Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches uh um I mean like you know uh well I mean so okay trashy books, which which which which which which which which which which which is Sarah uh okay like uh uh uh uh you know uh like Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been been been I mean uh like uh I mean so you know you know so you know been been been been been been been been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.