You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation uh okay I mean okay okay you know um so uh well conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation coming up today. And for me, so like I mean like well so you know you know okay you know I stress it that period in my life. Life life life life life life uh I mean well uh like uh um well so you know life life life life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand so uh uh well so uh well like I mean okay it. And And And And And And And And And And And so if um well you know so like I mean uh uh I mean uh any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you you you you you you know um so so like uh uh um so uh you you you you you you should be making more black art. Are you should well um I mean so okay uh okay um well um be making more black looking things. I I I I I I I I I okay like like like okay I mean so okay uh so I I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. So you know I mean uh like you know so you know I mean so. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you you you you you you you you you you you you know so like well so you know so like uh uh for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of uh you know you know uh so I mean so I mean so um of of of of of of of of of of very special live episodes recorded right here so I mean well well I mean so um uh like um at the Armory show in New York City myself myself myself myself myself myself myself okay I mean like like so so uh um so well myself myself myself myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out so well okay well okay uh like you know uh um one of of of of of of of of of of of the hottest art fairs you know I mean I mean you know so like well I mean like well in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a a a so okay so I mean um okay well you know um uh a a a a a a a a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.