What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you okay like uh okay okay so well like um uh you you you you you you you you you you doing hey, how you doing? so so okay you know well you know so um uh like I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you you you you know like so well you know okay you know I mean uh uh you you you you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I okay well uh I mean I mean uh uh um okay uh know there's not much stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock so you know you know um like well I mean you know well you know boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback you know okay like you know um you know you know you know well I mean kids come back. Back back back back back back back back back back. You know you know well like so uh like okay I mean I mean um what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where where where where where where well well um so well I mean I mean okay so well where where where where where we thought we were talking about a okay um uh uh okay uh uh well so uh couple of episodes ago were talking about house house house house house house house like um I mean so um uh I mean well you know well house house house house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked like like you know uh um like uh okay um so back in. Yep. And then I I I I I I I I I okay you know like like um okay well um so like I I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully um I mean I mean you know um you know okay I mean uh okay back with with with with with with with with with with with the Calgary Flames I mean well you know so so okay like so uh you know right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not not not not like okay like okay uh you know so okay you know you know not not not not not not not I'm not falling for it. I've been um like I mean um like well you know like like uh hurt too many times by these guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, well so you know well you know you know you know so okay um guys, guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Uh like you know well like well well like so um. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fine. I'm told uh you know okay well uh okay like um I mean so I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. Back back so um like you know you know uh I mean so uh um back back back back back back back back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got like you know you know so um well uh you know okay well me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.