Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you um you know like well so I mean um well you know okay feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like well so well I mean I mean I mean like okay I mean well you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas ideas ideas so uh uh um well um I mean um you know um ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas around for months before we found out you know like well you know uh you know um okay okay um the anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make well uh so you know so well so well so I mean make make make make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's so like um I mean okay you know um okay you know okay free. You can record edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit like you know like like you know you know well you know like uh edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from um uh so so so uh uh like so you know your computer. It It It It It It It It It It It will do all like um well uh like you know so I mean I mean you know of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all all all you know uh well you know um uh uh okay uh I mean all all all all all all all all of the big names you can well I mean uh you know um um you know like okay like make money with no minimum listenership. And And And And And And And And well so okay okay you know I mean so I mean like okay And And And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in so so well like um okay so like so okay one place. So here's what what what what what what what what what what like I mean um you know okay okay um you know so well what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app app app so um okay um um uh uh like I mean I mean app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- um okay you know uh you know I mean well so I mean I mean to get started. That's ANC hor dot. Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot like okay you know uh well um okay I mean you know so dot dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your I mean well I mean uh well you know um like okay like podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome I mean well okay okay um like um uh like I mean to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.