Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on I mean I mean like um uh I mean well okay okay well top top top top top top top top top top top and Blake all good. So um you know uh uh you know I mean so well well. So today we are recording the first episode of of of of of of okay like well I mean so uh like well like I mean of of of of of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for uh uh you know so okay uh so I mean like so at least two or three three three three three three three three three three three okay I mean uh I mean you know uh like like so uh months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to to to to like so um um so okay you know I mean you know so to to to to to to to be in touch for a while and I made um so um I mean you know um you know I mean I mean well not for sample cups of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee um well like like so uh um okay um like coffee coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the so you know so um okay I mean like I mean um so conversation we we we we we we we we we we we were having well okay um you know so uh you know like like so may help a few older. So this is all very much part in in uh you know I mean uh I mean like like so well uh in in in in in in in in in those thoughts into action. And if we can so like uh you know well okay I mean so um I mean help at least one other person as as as as as as as as as I mean like uh like okay you know you know well um you know as as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this so I mean like um so um well okay like like is a very very very very very very very very very very very valuable form to I mean like okay okay okay so okay you know so like do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically basically basically basically okay well uh like uh um you know uh well um basically basically basically basically basically basically basically introduce ourselves so you can get like uh like well um you know you know um you know okay to know us that more about who you you you you you you you you so um well uh uh well so uh well okay you you you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to I mean um uh well well I mean like well okay um delve delve delve delve delve delve delve delve delve delve delve into some of you know well okay okay um um okay well well okay those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where where where where you know well you know um uh like well well well okay where where where where where where where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.