The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real okay well uh so you know like so I mean you know um good good good good good good good good good good good form before we get to you know um well you know like I mean I mean well uh like talking about anything and everything to do with with with with with with with with like um okay well um so well okay well I mean with with with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to I mean okay uh I mean um like I mean you know well you know the man on the the the the the the the the the the um so you know I mean you know like like well like so the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for well so you know okay um okay so well well so for for for for for for for for for for True Sports is golf uh okay I mean um well you know so so well you know division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don Don Don um well so well like so okay um you know okay Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don that you have a lot of okay uh uh um um I mean um um uh like product not just in the Gulf side, side, side, side, side, side, side, okay like well you know so you know like okay like okay side, side, side, side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division I mean um so um um so uh so like you know lacrosse. Am I am am am am am am am am am am uh so so I mean so I mean you know so okay well am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. I mean uh okay I mean you know uh so uh like um. Correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct. So true Sports, so we were you know like you know like so okay I mean so so like formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the the the the the the okay so well um you know so uh okay okay well the the the the the middle of last year and then you know, we you know um um I mean um uh uh okay like so have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division division division division division division division division division division well like I mean I mean I mean like okay uh okay you know division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense I mean okay okay um um like um um well um for the the the the the the the the the the the parent company you know like I mean well okay uh you know you know uh you know recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to to to to so I mean so okay well uh I mean uh uh okay to to to to to to to Templars were really just our golf division. Well well you know uh well well uh uh okay well. So yeah, we make a wide range range range range range range range range like well well uh uh I mean I mean okay okay okay range range range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.