Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys guys you know okay uh I mean okay um um so well uh guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys about anchor which is the platform. I you know um okay well so um uh well so like used to make this podcast. If If If If If If If If If well well I mean so okay like well uh I mean you know If If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a okay you know like I mean I mean uh um well okay so podcast and let let let let let let let let let let let me explain like so so so uh okay well like okay okay it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and I mean like um like I mean you know like well you know so and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Uh uh like uh like well I mean I mean like I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You you you you you you you uh you know like well um you know you know uh um um you you you. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many like I mean well you know um um you know um I mean like more you you you you you you you you you you you can make money from uh uh so you know okay uh okay okay you know like your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you know you know uh well um you know so um like uh everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download well okay like I mean like um I mean like okay I mean the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or um so uh okay well I mean uh so um I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to um I mean so um like I mean okay um okay well to to to to to to to to to to another episode of Laguna Beach okay I mean um well you know so okay uh like like the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in in in in in in you know I mean okay so you know like uh okay um well in in in in in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be um so you know you know so like you know so well so here feel like I just just just just just just just just uh like you know I mean um well like okay well like just just just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love okay okay well okay well you know you know so like okay is is is is is is is is is is is Blind this past week, I mean okay so so um I mean so I mean like you know and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.