Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do do okay uh okay like so uh you know okay you know so do do do do do do do do do with self-discovery self-development and empowering I mean like you know well you know I mean you know you know so well positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series series series series series I mean okay okay like I mean well you know uh okay so series series series series series series were a child with interesting people about their uh well I mean like okay um okay um uh uh careers and their life and and and and and and and and and and um like like well uh I mean I mean um I mean okay and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned so you know um um okay uh like um you know well tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned and follow me on Instagram you know well you know okay um you know so I mean well so at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the the the the the the the uh um I mean well so like okay I mean you know okay the the the the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every I mean you know well so uh you know well well okay uh week. Week week week week week week week week week week. So if you you know so so you know uh you know you know I mean like like miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. Back back back like so you know you know I mean um so I mean so I mean back back back back back back back. So make sure that you subscribe that you know uh I mean I mean well so I mean like um um you shared this video this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode um um um you know I mean so well uh well okay episode episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to I mean um you know I mean um uh you know you know like you know listen send send send send send send send send send send send it to okay um like um like well okay like well okay them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of of of okay I mean like um well okay so okay like okay of of of of of of of of more podcasting. So let's get well so uh I mean uh so I mean I mean okay well into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.