Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about well you know I mean uh like okay um uh so you know about about about about about about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard okay uh uh I mean so well okay you know uh uh about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the the the the um you know uh uh okay so um so you know you know the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Not okay you know uh I mean you know like like like like I mean only that it's free. There are creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation I mean well like uh I mean so you know like you know well creation creation creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your okay okay so well so you know okay I mean you know so podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone uh I mean so um okay so so like so okay or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know okay you know I mean I mean okay okay like um okay you you you you you you you you you you you can be heard on like like so um like like okay okay like well Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. Everything everything everything everything uh so so so like you know uh okay like well everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast all in one like uh like like um okay uh like well like place, so don't If we anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor uh I mean well okay uh like uh um okay like anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, I mean so okay so um so so so okay I mean let's go go go go go go go go go go go into the episode. Hey, like well you know uh um you know so like so well hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on on on on so I mean uh like well you know okay um okay well on on on on on on on your mind podcast. This is episode number um well um so I mean um okay well I mean you know four and it's so crazy to think that that that that that that that you know like you know like like well okay like you know um that that that that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess okay like okay well well uh I mean uh okay um what they say about time time time time time time time time time time like okay uh like you know like um um like um time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for you know well I mean like so uh you know um um I mean me. I I I I I I I I I I I hope I mean you know okay like like um so well okay uh it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.