If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a okay well okay okay like so well you know um you know a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. So like okay uh you know so um well you know like I mean if you want to start a a a a a a a a a you know well you know I mean uh you know okay I mean okay I mean a a podcast, but not sure if it's going to be something you want to okay like uh um like you know uh well um okay keep up up up up up up up up up up up with. There's no um you know uh I mean like uh well I mean um like money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if if if if um like I mean uh uh you know uh um like okay if if if if if if if it works out great, you keep doing it at I mean I mean okay so okay like well uh um okay no cost but there was was was was was was was was was was was no uh okay you know so I mean I mean well uh um like money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to to well so uh um okay um I mean well like so to to to to to to to to to want to go with anchor. There's creation I mean okay um um well uh um well uh uh tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and you know so uh well okay um uh so so like and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE so uh well you know um um well um well um will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast like um uh you know well uh okay you know uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more well you know okay okay I mean so like uh so uh more more more more more more more more more and you can make money from your like so um you know well well well well so so podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not not not not not not not not not so I mean well I mean well uh uh well I mean so not not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to so um well you know I mean like well I mean so uh make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one well well okay I mean so I mean like you know um I mean place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.