Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Jason you know okay like I mean okay okay um you know you know so Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Bolton. Oh and I have like you know you know uh so so you know like like okay on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in in in in in in in uh okay like like uh you know like uh so okay in in in in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but so okay so you know so uh well well okay you know that's mr. Mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Christmas to you know uh okay you know I mean okay like uh well okay you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time time you know so well well uh uh like so well I mean time time time time time time time time time at the casino tables you know uh I mean so well uh you know you know okay so young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to to to to to to to I mean well um you know okay I mean I mean so like uh to to to to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to so like I mean you know okay well you know uh okay you know remember that. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah yeah. So so you know I mean okay well uh well like like. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta I mean like like I mean well I mean like okay like um gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta you gotta really get into and so uh you know you know um uh I mean um so okay a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's There's There's There's There's okay so you know well so uh so okay you know um There's There's There's There's There's There's a problematic pause as they surged okay um like so like you know uh I mean well okay about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stay stay stay stay stay uh so like okay um I mean you know um so so stay stay stay stay stay stage and screen if you wish and there you well so okay um so okay like like so well go you are without electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity like well I mean uh uh like well I mean okay I mean electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I so you know so I mean uh okay okay uh like um know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're working on battery um uh well so um okay well like you know like power over there. So I have a good signal and and and and and and and so like um like I mean um well okay uh well and and and and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.