Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode I mean so well um well you know you know uh like like episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. Okay well you know well like uh you know um well I mean. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these these these these these these these these um okay okay well you know uh so well well uh these these these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I um um you know um um so you know uh I mean well met them in in in in in in in in in in in college well um I mean you know well well you know so okay uh and we're all very different people but we get along along along along along um um you know uh so well you know um like well along along along along along along like great and the thing is uh uh you know well um well like okay uh well what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all all all all all so okay I mean like I mean uh um I mean you know like all all all all all all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But well well okay uh okay you know I mean I mean uh you know the thing is were very very very very very very very very very very very close I mean okay I mean um well uh you know well um well friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So So So uh so um I mean you know you know okay like uh well So So So So So So So So anyway nollie. If you could go so well like uh uh you know I mean you know you know so ahead and please tell me about your background background background background background background background background background well okay uh you know so I mean well I mean uh so background background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism well well so okay um well okay um well well and and and and and and and and and and and I grew up very um well okay like well well um uh uh well Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.