Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you you like um uh um I mean okay so I mean um I mean you you you you you you you you you guys are all having a lovely I mean so you know you know um uh you know like like well lovely week so far now before this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode well you know like um uh like uh I mean uh you know episode episode episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the uh you know uh well like okay I mean um so like title of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is I mean uh well um well well like I mean I mean like called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought thought I mean well so I mean I mean well I mean well I mean I mean thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought you know, what like catching up with um uh like like I mean I mean I mean okay well well friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch catch catch catch catch um um you know so okay well okay well so like catch catch catch catch catch catch up with me sounds like a good title. So okay like I mean you know you know so so I mean um. But then as I recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded well so okay you know um I mean like so well uh the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the the I mean okay so okay well uh so well you know okay the the the the the the the the the theme of this podcast should be. So you know you know uh like so like I mean okay you know you know if you know notice a lot of the the the the the the the the I mean I mean uh you know uh I mean okay um like like the the the things that we covered from the past few episode is about okay so uh uh I mean so um uh okay like mental health health health health health health health health health health health growing so so like um I mean so okay you know uh uh up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young young you know like well I mean uh so you know uh uh like young young young young young young young young young adult. So with that said okay so well well like okay like uh uh well the new title of the podcast will be basically growing growing growing growing growing so like well so I mean well uh um okay well growing growing growing growing growing growing up. I finally figure out what the you know uh like okay I mean um okay I mean um um theme of this podcast should be. So So So So So So So So So um um okay so I mean okay um well I mean so So So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the like like okay so okay um I mean you know um well podcast and and and and and and and and and and and basically so um uh I mean okay so um so so you know having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.