Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are are well I mean like well I mean like you know like so okay are are are are are are are are are back it is nearly 2 p.m. Well okay like I mean okay I mean um okay uh I mean. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not not not not uh uh um you know like I mean okay okay I mean um not not not not not on account of laziness that is actually on account okay like um you know I mean okay okay uh I mean so of the fact that I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh like um you know you know like okay I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now um I mean you know okay uh uh well so like um now now now now now now now now now now sweet bear and I we are like you know so I mean uh I mean so okay okay like in South Carolina and we have some friends coming coming coming coming coming coming like you know uh I mean um like uh I mean I mean um coming coming coming coming coming down here to meet. Eat us in a I mean well okay so like um I mean like you know I mean few days. It's one of our good good good good good good good good good okay well I mean you know you know you know well I mean okay um good good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most uh you know I mean I mean you know uh well okay um like of Thursday and and and and and and and and and and and some of you know um I mean like um okay um well uh well Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so so so so I mean like you know uh like uh I mean you know um you know so so so so so so so today was like my big day um so you know you know well I mean I mean well uh like to kind of get ahead on everything so that that that that that that like so well okay uh like okay I mean well like that that that that that I can unplug a little bit and be fully so like so I mean uh okay well well like I mean present with sweet bear and and and and and and and and and and you know okay well well uh well you know you know I mean you know and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.