Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being being being being I mean um I mean okay so okay okay like okay you know being being being being being being being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Like like you know well I mean uh you know like well so. Titanic's will gain produced by by by by by by by by by by you know you know so like I mean um so so so well by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So well like you know so you know so um um well you know I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope this isn't too horrible uh I mean like okay um well well you know well you know and still trying to find my feet. So So So So So So So I mean you know I mean you know you know okay you know okay um like So So So So I hope you are bear with the bad editing I mean I mean I mean I mean so I mean like you know um like in places. I've done done done done done done done done done done done okay um you know okay well you know you know you know uh uh my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I mean you know okay well you know you know I mean well uh so Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, let's get on with the show in you know um well uh you know like um well uh like this show. I cover recent news news news news news news news news news news okay so you know I mean uh so okay like okay uh news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest I mean I mean okay okay well so well um okay so rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest of the show um you know well you know you know okay so well um uh focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of of of of of well um okay like you know uh okay uh so I mean of of of of of of the game. I was intending to spend some okay so you know um you know okay um I mean so you know time discussing how to use them as narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative narrative so I mean like so uh I mean like like uh like narrative narrative narrative narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a so I mean well um well uh um well like I mean lot of Basic Ground to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover you know you know uh I mean uh well um okay you know okay cover cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This like okay well um uh well I mean like well uh is is is is is is is is is is is a longer episode than I well um uh I mean so uh okay uh so you know initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles Styles Styles um uh um uh okay uh well like I mean uh Styles Styles Styles Styles Styles Styles Styles Styles throughout the main section of um well um okay well well so I mean so uh the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.