Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. You know so um like uh so okay so I mean um. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much uh okay you know okay I mean okay you know I mean okay uh for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope hope hope hope so um well you know like you know well okay so so hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy it. If you do, please uh I mean I mean okay um well um so uh uh leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know okay well you know okay I mean I mean I mean uh you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that will really help us out especially here in um you know okay well like uh like so like you know the beginning. We're trying to grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow well um um okay um I mean uh you know okay okay grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories um like like um I mean you know I mean um okay you know going going going going going going going going going going going to get you, you like you know I mean okay okay um uh I mean okay so know a feel for what we're going to to to to to to to um okay you know well um okay I mean you know I mean like to to to to be doing with this. We hope you like it. So I mean um I mean okay you know um like I mean um. Also a big shout out out out out out out out out out so like okay um um uh I mean okay I mean well out out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've uh um like um well well uh okay so uh recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended gotten us past our well okay I mean uh you know so uh well you know uh first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're we're we're we're we're we're we're well okay well I mean I mean uh um okay um um we're we're we're we're on the right track now also forgive us for I mean okay so um like um well well uh well the sound quality at the moment. Moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. I mean like um like I mean so uh so you know you know. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how you know so okay so well okay so um I mean uh to to to to to to to to to to to edit it and I mean so like uh okay you know okay well well um smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that that that you know well um okay I mean you know okay okay well I mean that that that that that that that that you can enjoy the podcast uh um you know okay you know well uh well you know okay as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.