Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football football football well you know uh like I mean so um um so like football football football football football football football football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing so uh uh you know you know I mean I mean like um like gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end end end end end like well so I mean like I mean okay you know you know um end end end end end end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week uh like okay so uh okay well okay uh okay 29 joining us this this this this this this this this this this this week so uh well um uh um um so like you know for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter staunton. I mean um so well you know I mean okay well you know well. Last time time time time time time time time time time time you came on you know um uh well okay you know I mean so you know I mean your above Dave despite not touching your team since game game game so I mean uh I mean okay okay okay uh you know okay game game game game game game game game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not well um like uh I mean okay well uh well like very good. I'm about 3.7 million. Million million million million million million million million million well uh okay uh so like uh you know okay I mean million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think well um well um uh uh I mean like um like think think think think think think think think think think out of you know, all the I mean um so I mean you know you know uh I mean I mean I mean people that are still interested. I used to interested interested interested interested interested well like uh you know like like okay um uh um interested interested interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from uh I mean like um okay um well okay okay um from the fact you have have have have have have have have have have have like like so okay okay uh you know well I mean like a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there I mean um like uh well um um well um well was The The The The The The The The The The The League Cup Final you know well uh I mean um I mean uh um I mean so so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.