Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian I mean uh I mean like well okay so like well so mcdonough. McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's where we well uh uh I mean you know okay uh well you know well are at this very moment. We know that in the United United United United United you know so so well I mean so well well I mean okay United United United United United United States the death toll has climbed to 9 uh like um so um well like um I mean I mean in addition. We know that those those those those those those those those those um well so well you know so you know well like you know those those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have you know um uh well I mean okay well you know uh um have have have have have have have have have have occurred. The number of well well well well okay like I mean so you know so infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. Hundred hundred hundred um I mean like uh um um well uh uh like hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 uh well you know you know you know you know uh you know you know you know cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that that that that that that like you know I mean well I mean so you know well you know I mean that that that that that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only uh you know like okay you know I mean uh I mean I mean so one the nursing home home home home home home home home home home home uh well okay well okay you know you know like well you know outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who um okay um like um uh um uh I mean so had had had had had had had had had had had visited the Washington State nursing home uh okay um um okay I mean uh well um uh tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.