Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. Today um okay well um like okay so you know you know you know today today today today today today today today today. My my guest is Kyle so okay um okay so you know I mean like so so Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and and I mean uh um like like so uh okay like like and and and and and and and and and we are we talked about who well okay okay like like I mean you know okay uh so he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship his his his his his his okay um so well um like you know so well uh his his his his his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals you know well um um I mean like uh well like you know and more. It's another short short short short short short short short short short short um uh like uh you know I mean um like you know well one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is is is is I mean uh I mean so uh you know I mean uh okay so is is is is is is is going to be about five minutes, but uh okay uh I mean so I mean I mean you know like um the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when when when when when when when when when I mean I mean um you know well I mean I mean um like okay when when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before well so I mean okay I mean you know okay so like you know we we we we we we we we we we we get into that, uh I mean um well I mean I mean so well like um I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run run run uh well uh like uh like uh like like um run run run run run run run run give you a rundown of the well I mean well um um uh I mean so well you know all the games this weekend and I I I I I I I uh I mean I mean um um like uh so um uh I I I I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So like so you know you know okay well I mean I mean I mean I mean first game game game game game game game game game game game and the Wolves so you know like I mean okay so okay so well you know beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.