Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce introduce uh so okay you know you know um you know I mean um uh introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce our name? Not your well well okay like well so you know well okay I mean name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for for for for for for um like okay you know um so so well you know I mean for for for for for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean like well um I mean um uh so you know okay I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory you know uh um well so uh like I mean uh uh self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the okay so well okay I mean okay I mean um I mean okay bags of cured. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, that's like um so um okay I mean uh uh so like what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off off off off um you know so um like okay okay so well um off off off off off off off this that is not the only reason we're uh well like okay um you know you know like you know like doing this. I'm doing this for for for for for for for for for um well okay so so okay uh um um I mean for for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other I mean okay so uh so like you know um uh um humans happy with with with with with with with with with with I mean you know so well you know so like uh well you know with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in like so okay um I mean you know uh um um I mean in in in in in in in in in in it for I okay uh um so um you know um uh well I mean guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in in in in in so you know um okay you know uh you know I mean you know so in in in in in in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.