It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to like so um well so so so you know well uh be telling you you you you you you you you you you you about my you know you know uh um um um okay uh uh like favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any any okay I mean okay uh um like um you know okay I mean any any any any any any any any any type of podcast. It's free. I mean okay um well you know okay okay um so so. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or any any any any any any any so you know like okay um well uh I mean uh uh any any any any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, so like like so okay uh okay like you know I mean it doesn't just go go go go go go go go go go go on okay I mean you know okay I mean uh um uh I mean I mean acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure okay well you know you know okay you know um I mean okay um exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure and to help you out in my like uh so uh I mean I mean well you know so well opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one one one one one one one okay you know so like well like well well I mean you know one one one one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type well well you know I mean uh I mean I mean um I mean you know of podcast I think think think think think think think think think think think okay okay I mean um okay um um like like you know this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is you know uh um well I mean you know so I mean so um braden. Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice you know I mean I mean okay you know um well so like well to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody I mean I mean I mean like like I mean uh I mean you know I mean anybody anybody anybody anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going you know um um um okay I mean so uh well well to talk about the combine that that that that that that that that that you know okay okay I mean you know well you know like uh so that that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick so I mean you know uh I mean so okay I mean like uh in in in in in in in in in in in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.