Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to so okay you know you know so okay okay you know well like to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download like like you know I mean so I mean uh uh you know like the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd so I mean okay so uh uh okay like well well Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So well you know okay okay um I mean so like okay um easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did not so like you know uh like you know I mean I mean like uh know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only only only only okay like so so so I mean um like well like only only only only only only only known it like five ten years before early well well um you know well uh um you know um like because all I need to do do do do do do do do do uh uh like um okay um um uh um um do do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and I mean okay so um so you know like like like uh just click post post post post post post post post post post post and anchor like so um so so I mean so well uh um will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in in in um um like okay um you know like I mean like so in in in in in in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are okay well well okay uh okay uh um you know so available and I do not not not not not not not not not not not need to you know uh so okay okay well uh uh um I mean do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also like okay well I mean okay well I mean well um I mean also also also also also also also need to make use of it. If uh I mean well um I mean uh uh well like okay you have a message if if if if if if if if if if well so so um uh you know okay well okay like if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out well I mean um um well well um um so uh to the the the the the the the the the the the world or simply want you know um um I mean like you know like okay I mean like to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram well so so uh uh like uh uh so I mean Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.