Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the well you know um like well you know uh well well so pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse podcast today. We like I mean you know like okay okay so well I mean I mean have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of of of um uh uh okay uh I mean uh um okay you know of of of of of of of of Haven and chief strategy officer and like so um uh like well uh like you know so Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to to to to to to to to like well well like like uh I mean you know so so to to to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and okay you know well okay you know well well so okay okay others across the the the the the the the the the the the Healthcare um you know you know like uh uh like you know um uh Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a uh like like um well um I mean well um well a a a a a a a a a a senior operating leader with well okay like like I mean like okay uh I mean so over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and and and and um like okay uh well well uh like so um and and and and and and and design thinking seeking to improve the okay um like well okay so you know uh you know well Healthcare System. You have had an an an an an an an an an an an impressive okay okay so so you know um so well um I mean career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary summary summary um you know um well so you know you know uh I mean I mean summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary of your career path today? And what were uh um you know uh like okay well um I mean like the key career Transitions and decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions uh um uh well like I mean um um like so decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.