Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make um like you know um okay um uh uh uh um make make make make make make make make make a podcast Let Me Explain well like uh you know okay like well so uh okay real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything anything anything anything uh I mean like you know well I mean I mean well okay well anything anything anything anything anything anything anything better at something that's free. There's also I mean I mean uh like like like well okay you know okay creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and you know well like you know well so well so I mean I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also like um um like I mean uh well well well you know also also also also also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So well okay uh um I mean okay uh you know okay well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well uh you know I mean I mean well um like um uh podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no I mean well I mean well uh uh okay uh so uh minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you uh um I mean like uh like um you know I mean like need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay you know so um uh okay you know I mean uh well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I mean okay so uh I mean um you know like well so. Once again that's anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored on FM well um um you know okay you know well so like like to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and and and and uh so like so I mean so okay uh like okay and and and and and and and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go um okay uh you know I mean you know um like so okay coming at you week three, but but but but but but but but but but like uh I mean like you know you know uh like like so but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had um um so okay well you know um I mean like well a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.