Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during uh uh okay um so I mean um so so uh during during during during during during during during our lesson on English to tell you know well um you know well I mean well uh okay well you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know um um so I mean well okay like uh like anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to so like I mean um um well okay uh uh like produce this podcast for you. So if if if if if if if if if okay well you know I mean um so you know uh well uh if if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor uh I mean um uh uh okay so um um well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a well okay so uh you know well so like you know I mean free free podcast tool that you can use to create and and and okay uh so okay um you know um uh okay um and and and and and and and and record and edit. Build your podcast right uh I mean I mean so well so well okay uh uh on your phone or your your your your your your your your your your your you know like um like you know I mean I mean so I mean okay computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down down down okay so okay so I mean you know you know so like um down down down down down down down down apple and Spotify and Google anything it so like like like uh uh like so okay well does that all automatically for me. I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean like you know well like like um um I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You you know okay uh um I mean you know well I mean like like can can can can can can can can can can can make money from these uh uh uh well you know okay well so um um podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is is is is is is is like well I mean so I mean okay um uh well like is is is is an ad that I've written for them so that I I mean like um you know well okay uh I mean you know you know can make a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit um so okay you know um um um you know like uh bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can I mean um well I mean like I mean so I mean so um give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.