Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I um I mean I mean uh like I mean um you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I have. Um, I'm here with you know like I mean well well uh I mean so well so Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good good good good good good I mean so um well um well like um uh you know good good good good good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, so like like well like okay uh um uh you know March 1 March. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, you know, well so okay um like uh well uh um well it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I I like like so um um like um I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I had to ask you a um okay um like uh so so like so okay question about leap year. What did you ask me me me me me me me me me like um okay so well you know I mean you know like you know me me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the so I mean um uh okay like like like well well kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid whose dad his birthday okay uh like so you know I mean so you know okay uh was that we'd always teased that he had his dad dad dad dad dad dad like you know like I mean um you know you know okay you know I mean dad dad dad dad dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally uh well well okay okay I mean well so so um never thought of that once that's interesting and and and and and and and and I mean you know well I mean um so okay you know uh um and and and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you well I mean um um well uh well um like so are never thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought wow uh you know um um okay uh uh you know um okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th 28th 28th 28th like um like I mean um you know so well uh I mean 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not well I mean okay well uh so uh I mean um well their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I I I I I I I mean well so well okay um so uh well well I I I I I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.