Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got like okay uh well well um like like uh okay got got got got got got got got got got Andy on which means um um uh um okay uh I mean okay like so we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Good good uh uh um uh well well you know uh so okay good good good good good good good good. Thank you. How about yourself? I mean you know so um um um like okay like like I'm okay the last couple of days my back back back back back back back like you know I mean so so okay you know uh so well back back back back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have um you know like well okay okay um well so I mean been because I try to to to to to to to to to to to um you know I mean so so so I mean well so okay train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you uh you know um well uh well like you know um like I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't even well like uh okay well so you know um I mean like do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one well so um so like okay I mean okay well uh of of of of of of of of of of of these people uh like like um uh uh I mean you know um you know who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well Well Well Well Well Well okay uh um like uh uh um I mean like okay Well Well Well Well Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from like I mean okay well okay so like well I mean okay that. I've definitely not as soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon so you know like well um okay well well okay I mean soon soon soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same you know well uh well okay uh okay okay you know so thing, but I I I I I I I I I I I am so well you know uh like so uh okay uh I mean using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed crossed crossed okay like I mean like um okay uh I mean okay uh crossed crossed crossed crossed crossed crossed crossed crossed that it's going to improve things I mean like I mean um you know I mean okay so okay you know for me ideal ideal now if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't uh you know like you know well you know uh uh so like don't don't don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.