Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the uh so well uh like okay well okay well like the the the the the the the the the anchor app, let me explain you know you know like like okay um well so well uh a few things because it's the easiest way to make make make make make um I mean well okay well okay okay okay uh uh make make make make make make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at like you know like well so so uh so so well running wild podcast. We use use use use use use use use use use use like you know well so so okay well so okay so anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You You okay so well I mean so I mean well okay uh um You You You You You You You You You don't have to pay a um you know you know you know okay okay so so you know so single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation creation creation creation creation like uh well uh you know so okay uh you know you know creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to to record and edit um okay okay um uh like I mean uh I mean I mean your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone uh um like like uh uh okay uh I mean well phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Well well so well um you know I mean um so well. So you you you you you you you you you you you don't have so like like okay well okay so you know well you know to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast well okay I mean okay well like well well like well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money so you know I mean uh uh uh okay okay like uh from your podcast and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody like well um I mean um um you know um uh you know loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go go go I mean uh uh like you know like like well uh I mean go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.