Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor uh uh well I mean well I mean uh I mean well um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm well so like so okay like you know you know I mean I mean using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and like you know you know like you know um uh uh um you know and and and and and and and and there's creation tools straight in the app okay like I mean um um I mean so okay like well that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like well you know um well I mean like you know um I mean podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to okay you know well you know uh so I mean so like I mean Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and um so I mean you know okay um I mean well so well many more without having to do anything which is great and you you you you you know like you know like so so uh so you know well you you you you you you you can make money from the podcast with you know well you know I mean uh uh so uh I mean okay no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You You You You You so okay uh like well um uh okay uh you know You You You You gotta grind you got to get to where you're so like okay well well you know I mean well I mean okay going. So it's everything you need to to to to to to to to to uh like I mean um I mean I mean uh I mean like I mean to to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor um well uh like well okay you know uh okay um on the the the the the the the the the the the App Store like so I mean uh well well I mean like I mean so anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the the the the the I mean um okay you know well I mean so you know you know so the the the the the the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is okay um like so well well like uh well you know I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Man man man man man man man man uh um um so so like okay you know um you know man man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it so I mean uh so like I mean like I mean you know like up. Keep doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing what you're doing you know you know well uh like so so okay um you know man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.