Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance fiance um um okay okay you know so you know um I mean um fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance News Daily. We haven't gotten like uh so I mean well okay so so okay uh to see much of Stephanie on the new new new new new new new so so um I mean well okay I mean uh okay um new new new new season of a for the 90 days, but we I mean you know so I mean uh so I mean so uh well know that she has a a a a a a a a a a a plastic okay um uh uh um I mean you know I mean okay uh anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family so I mean like okay um well so I mean um um is is is is is is is is is is is unaware that like uh um uh okay okay so uh uh well she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though though though though so like you know okay so like um okay okay I mean though though though though though though though is that she sells naked photos of herself so um uh okay like uh so like uh well online. That's right. Stephanie has a a a a a a a a a a like like like like well I mean so I mean like well a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may well um uh well well like uh so you know okay have found this this this this this this this this this this this out though as okay I mean well I mean uh okay you know like um um Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that that I mean so okay uh like okay so okay like I mean that that that that that that that that that she is not ashamed of this like uh um okay you know well okay I mean like uh content and that having the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed financed financed uh uh so I mean well okay well like uh uh financed financed financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and um uh so like so so okay well well so it's also helped her income income income income income income income income income income um um well um you know okay well so uh okay income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer like I mean okay okay I mean so like you know um like a a a a a a a a a a a content creator a um okay uh I mean well so um I mean so okay dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love love love love love love like uh uh okay like well uh okay well uh love love love love love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you you know uh like so like I mean okay okay I mean I mean girl. A woman should should should should should should should should should should should um so like uh you know okay well uh so well be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is I mean well like uh um I mean okay like so well is is is is is is is is is is 18 plus. So not just um uh you know uh okay I mean okay okay um I mean anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.