Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each well you know like uh well well I mean uh um like week. We discussed a a a a a a a a a a a so you know uh so um okay okay uh you know uh chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be like well well okay so so okay um okay I mean warned. Warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned warned. This is a spoiler you know I mean uh okay uh so so so like well heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really excited excited excited excited excited excited you know uh so like you know I mean I mean um okay so excited excited excited excited excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts I mean well um um okay uh like uh like um and feelings about about about about about about about about about about about the original I mean you know well um like you know I mean I mean um okay book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 365 365 365 so okay okay I mean um I mean so so um I mean 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find like okay well I mean I mean okay so okay so like Them first. We have some announcements and and and and and and and and well um okay well well so okay uh well I mean and and and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So uh okay uh so um uh well you know like. So, please feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel free you know well like like like well so like well uh to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on I mean like well you know well I mean like you know um you know on on on on on on on on on on Twitter to join you know like uh you know like uh um like um well the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few few few I mean like um uh you know uh so okay so uh few few few few few few few few extra guy in flying around donate to so um uh so well I mean you know like um you know block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.