Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Podcast you know okay uh so you know you know like okay I mean like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of all, I mean okay you know like so um um well okay like it's free second of all, there is a a a a a a a a I mean like I mean so well you know um so okay you know a a a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay you know like uh I mean you know you know like uh okay from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or uh I mean I mean well um I mean so like well I mean your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard um um I mean you know so so so like so okay heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify. Apple past I mean well you know um uh well uh okay okay uh cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with with with with um well I mean so you know um like um like I mean with with with with with with with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything so like like so I mean I mean you know I mean well you know you need in one place. Thank you. I've I've I've I've I've I've like uh well I mean I mean like well well I mean like I've I've I've I've I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking I mean um like I mean well uh um I mean uh uh of funding their their their their their their their their their their their new uh you know uh you know okay so so so like uh adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds you know like okay you know so uh I mean you know I mean you know funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds many VCS invest in small well so okay so I mean you know I mean um uh you know companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, like uh like well um um so like um so Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.