You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's so um so so okay so like like I mean I mean It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't uh well well um I mean well so I mean well uh know what it is. Like the power of music is is is is is is okay well I mean I mean I mean you know I mean like um like is is is is is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy um okay well well like I mean like okay you know um Tommy. Mmm. I have have have have have have have have have have have never so like like I mean I mean I mean uh um okay so met a lot of the three babies we have he is the well like okay um I mean okay um um you know uh one one one one one one one one one one one he is the one you know I mean so you know I mean you know um I mean okay you know that loves music so much he will walk walk walk walk walk walk walk you know I mean you know well like uh well well you know like walk walk walk walk by the what is that and home pod? And so so so like um okay well like um like he will point to it. It it it it it it it it it well well okay okay okay you know um like well uh it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He okay well um well well um well so I mean uh loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves music. He loved music so well well like you know well you know I mean okay like well much to the point where if he can't touch it it it it okay okay I mean well well okay okay uh like I mean it it it it it it it like he will start screaming until he like well um I mean uh well um uh uh well does the reason why we're talking about about about about about about about about um um you know well you know so I mean um I mean uh about about about this as like, I was kind of in like a I mean so I mean you know okay uh well so like I mean are we going? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, okay uh like uh um I mean okay uh um um we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? yeah. Yeah so okay I mean you know like I mean uh well like so Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, he's like are I mean you know uh so you know okay well um okay um you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.