Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta well well so I mean I mean well well you know uh so gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta tell that devil who you like uh okay okay well so so well uh you know are today. I woke up and I told the devil who who who who who who I mean well well okay you know I mean uh well well I mean who who who who who I am in Christ. I am complete like okay um you know um so okay well um well in him who is the head of of of of of of of so well um so like you know well um like you know of of of of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free um I mean you know well uh okay I mean well okay like from the law of of of of of of of of of of okay you know well okay you know um well well so I mean of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come okay like well like so so I mean okay I mean like near me. Me me me me me me me me me me. I well I mean so okay so well you know I mean so you know am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without Without Without Without so um well well um uh so so uh I mean Without Without Without Without Without Without Without Blame before him in love. Love I am so I mean so you know well well like well like I mean in right standing with the father. Father father father father father father father father father well um okay uh I mean uh so so okay uh father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses surpasses okay so um okay well like I mean okay so you know surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses surpasses all understanding greater is he that uh well so well like uh okay you know you know um is in me than he that is in the the the the the the well uh like well um okay okay you know like you know the the the the the world. I have received the power of the Holy well um I mean well so you know uh so like uh Spirit. I have put up up up up up up up up up up okay uh I mean you know well like okay well um you know up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been been uh well okay okay uh like uh so like um been been been been been been been been been given to me. I have no like um I mean uh um so uh so okay um lack for my God shall supply all my needs. Needs needs needs needs needs okay you know uh like um I mean you know um I mean okay needs needs needs needs needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.