All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too you know well well I mean you know so um um um uh good at at at at at at at at at at at procrastinating and you uh so well um so well you know so well uh know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make make make make make I mean uh you know I mean you know like uh um like so make make make make make make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm uh well like like well you know you know well I mean you know starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor okay so okay okay well I mean well so okay uh Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like I mean so so uh I mean I mean okay okay um explain. It is is is is is is is is is is is free totally um okay so like okay I mean you know um like I mean free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record record I mean um so okay well like um uh like okay record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from um I mean well well I mean uh so so um so your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know well um uh um uh uh so well uh podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast like I mean like um so um well um okay so and many more more more more more more more more more more more platforms you I mean well uh I mean so you know okay uh I mean you know can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's It's so uh uh I mean I mean okay well well well you know It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need um well I mean so okay okay okay so okay like to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one um you know you know I mean so well okay so um um one one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay well so uh like okay uh you know so uh F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get so uh so um I mean well like um so like started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back back back so um well um um I mean um I mean like okay back back back back back back back back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.