What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua okay I mean like like uh like I mean I mean like um Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Joshua Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm so okay like uh well um I mean you know um okay going to need you to sit down and buckle buckle buckle buckle buckle buckle buckle okay so you know so um well well I mean well well buckle buckle buckle buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty I mean you know uh so okay well so like so uh welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the inaugural episode well so okay I mean like well um well like um of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going going going going so so well well you know so uh well so okay going going going going going going going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and um uh uh like well uh so okay I mean okay how the other Dem candidates are falling falling falling falling falling falling falling um well well like I mean like well okay uh like falling falling falling falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was I mean like well uh okay I mean so uh uh you know Right that we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk you know well you know you know like like okay so like I mean about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going well you know I mean so okay okay uh you know well okay to end talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about super uh you know so uh so like okay I mean I mean uh Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no no no so you know um you know like you know okay um like I mean no no no no no no no no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever uh um so well well you know well um so uh anything that you want to hear on on on on on on on okay okay um like so um well like I mean I mean on on on on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.