Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for uh um I mean you know like you know so so like I mean this this this this this this this this this this this thing to get launching. Like I mean okay so uh like like like you know um. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Adam Adam okay um so okay I mean uh okay uh okay like Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach I mean well I mean okay well so um you know um uh of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based based based based based based you know you know um you know like you know okay I mean I mean you know based based based based based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning so well so so so okay uh you know I mean so this podcast is honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly okay so I mean I mean okay you know um you know you know uh honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to you know like uh I mean um so like I mean well okay go. Go go go go go go go go go go. So here we go well you know okay okay um I mean like um uh you know with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why why why why uh you know um you know um so um well okay like why why why why why why why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's uh well okay um I mean um okay um so well for. So let's get right into into into into into into into into into into you know well you know um so um well I mean like well into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've we've well well you know I mean okay I mean um uh you know well we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've always had for our fitness Community so so um um like um uh uh you know you know that's six and a half years old is to to to to to to okay well uh well I mean okay I mean um you know well to to to to to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an um um okay I mean um like I mean um um well opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.