Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's so well um well um like I mean you know uh well loss at at at at at at at at at at at Tennessee um uh well you know okay you know uh well so okay get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead okay um so you know you know I mean um you know well okay of senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior day in the Odom well you know well so well um okay so okay I mean Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be be be be be well you know like so like like okay like okay you know be be be be be be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last um um so I mean um so um okay so like game for Dante pass it Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante Dante uh well um uh you know like like so um um Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in In the spring okay uh so well so I mean um like I mean so which which which which which which which which which which which is fantastic really well so okay um uh okay so um uh like happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We We okay um I mean so like you know so I mean uh like We We We We We We We We We hope you guys enjoy it. You uh like um I mean well okay well so I mean you know know, this is the fun time of the the the the the the the the okay okay okay you know well uh well like well uh the the the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's okay well I mean I mean well I mean like well you know uh sponsor for for for for for for for for for for for the basketball. Our okay uh uh so you know like okay okay well so this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. Platform platform platform okay so okay you know like um well like uh so platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.