Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always well I mean I mean so I mean uh um I mean like like always always always always always always always always always always writes after they get out of you know um okay like well you know uh okay um well school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes uh uh uh I mean you know okay okay you know like uh taxes taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their you know I mean like well you know um I mean like well okay taxes. And why didn't somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody um like I mean okay I mean so so well you know uh teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called um I mean uh um okay um I mean so I mean you know called called called called called called called called called called basic math in first grade or like like I mean like like like um like like okay 2nd grade. They taught you how to add add add add add add you know you know okay you know uh okay um okay like I mean add add add add add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You like so I mean like uh okay so okay you know okay line them up in in in in in in in in in in in a I mean uh I mean uh like okay um okay I mean so column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you well uh uh I mean so well like you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you were taught how to so I mean well you know well uh so um like you know follow directions. There's directions at the top of the the the the the the the well uh okay like well like I mean okay um I mean the the the the paper. You were supposed to read them. You well um I mean um well so um so like I mean read those directions and you follow them. So you you you you you you well um I mean I mean uh uh uh so like um you you you you you were taught that in school that was in elementary so uh okay well uh like so I mean you know like school the fact that you can't follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow well like uh so like um so you know okay like follow follow follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught like um like I mean okay well okay well well like that in in in in in in in in in in in school. It so well um like I mean like so I mean like uh just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.