What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. Talk talk um I mean like so so well um um okay so talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. So I made a post the um I mean like so um you know well you know you know you know other day about the you know, I I I I I I I I so like okay well you know I mean so um well well I I I even made a podcast it was probably one or two uh well so so uh okay so well you know uh podcast back now from here maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe you know you know uh I mean uh like okay okay okay well maybe maybe maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, okay I mean um so so like uh uh like well you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I think it uh you know uh um so uh like well you know I mean should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I I I I I you know you know um like well uh so uh like okay I I I I I I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a like I mean like um so um uh so um so couple of Philly at owners groups. Groups groups groups groups groups groups groups groups well well um you know you know uh like so um okay groups groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one okay um okay um so um um um okay well one one one one one one one one one one individual this Rob he owns like you know like okay uh I mean well well okay um a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I I I I I okay uh um um so like okay um I mean you know I I I I I I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he okay so I mean well so um okay you know okay uh shot me a DM and and and and and and and and and like I mean uh so I mean like uh okay like I mean and and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think well uh so I mean well you know well so so um this argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument is pointless. I I mean so so like uh um I mean well okay um don't get it. You should strive to do both like and and and uh like I mean okay um like so so okay um and and and and and and and and he just didn't agree with it which like so okay okay like well okay like okay so was but he reached out to me and show show show show show show I mean I mean well you know so um I mean you know okay I mean show show show show show me a DM and I do what I typically uh okay um I mean you know like you know so like like do when I hit him him him him him him him him him him him with okay uh like so well so like I mean um so an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, okay like you know um so uh you know so so like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back well you know uh okay um okay I mean like uh I mean and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we um you know um like like you know okay like I mean well went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.