This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well uh like like um like you know you know you know uh the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make okay uh I mean you know like like like okay uh uh a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody everybody everybody everybody I mean okay like okay well I mean like you know okay so everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? you know well well I mean well like uh you know okay I mean Yeah. I mean, I love free things. Things things things things things things things okay you know okay okay you know okay okay well like like things things things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and like like I mean uh well so so um so I mean edit your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right I mean you know like I mean okay like um well like well from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You you okay I mean uh so okay I mean well I mean um you know you you you you you you you you. So can be heard on Spotify like okay well you know you know like uh uh uh uh Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that that that that that that uh I mean well like okay you know uh uh so well that that that that that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from so um um okay um well so so so like your own podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no I mean okay like um I mean um I mean so like uh minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the so uh uh I mean I mean okay um uh you know well the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app today I mean um I mean uh well so um you know like I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get like well like you know like okay so like like you know get get get get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.