Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to to I mean like um I mean um uh um okay okay well to to to to to to to to to upload this stuff? You I mean like well like okay like well okay well okay haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is is is is so I mean like you know you know well like I mean I mean um is is is is is is is it all about Oh Sees easiest way um well okay okay uh okay okay I mean well okay to make a podcast really so well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well like uh like okay well well um uh um well, well, well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to like like like well like okay like uh um I mean pay nothing. Really? Really Really Really Really Really Really Really Really Really Really yeah. Um you know um like like okay you know well like I mean. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a you know um like like so well okay you know I mean uh a a a a a a a a a a ways to do things with okay so um like okay well you know okay uh um it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you you you you you you I mean uh well you know so um you know you know like uh you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay so so like I mean so uh um uh like or your computer. Wow. Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow. That uh you know uh uh like well you know I mean I mean okay is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it okay you know well well I mean okay you know uh uh um go go go go go go go go go go go anywhere else after um uh you know you know so well so well okay like you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it it it well like so like so I mean so uh okay um it it it it it it it it out so I can be heard you know like so I mean I mean well okay uh okay um on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch uh well I mean well okay like I mean um so okay bunch bunch bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it uh well well like I mean you know you know okay um um to Anchor. Awesome. Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome. Is there okay I mean um um I mean um uh uh um um any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money like so I mean well okay um so okay okay you know starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with your I mean uh I mean like I mean like so um you know so podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can can can okay I mean like you know I mean I mean like uh you know I mean can can can can can can can can start making money man. That is awesome. So like well um okay uh I mean like you know um like what you're saying is it's everything you you you you you you you so well so you know um you know like well I mean so you you you you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.