Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us us uh I mean you know uh you know um you know like you know I mean us us us us us us us us us again. And it's the whole crew so I mean well like okay so so you know like um here today and we're going to do this this this this this this uh well uh uh like so I mean uh you know um this this this this this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other well like I mean like uh like so well like um day that that that that that that that that that that that we've uh I mean um you know so well I mean um I mean I mean been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 well okay um you know you know okay I mean you know like I mean 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 or something. Maybe it like um um you know well uh uh um you know like maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct correct correct okay so you know so okay you know well um um so correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct us, you know, occasionally we do uh you know so uh um so uh um you know so say things that are not correct often speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak well I mean I mean okay I mean okay uh uh I mean like speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, well um so um uh you know well uh so okay show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, but that just has because okay so um like um like so okay I mean um we do is almost zero prep. We just just just just just just just just um uh well uh okay like I mean uh you know uh just just just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and I mean I mean okay okay okay like uh um so um and I I I I I I I I I I I think most of you know like uh well okay like you know uh like um the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Catches Catches Catches so like um I mean well okay um well like well Catches Catches Catches Catches Catches Catches Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. You know well well like you know um well I mean like well. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to to to to to to um well uh so um well well I mean um um to to to to to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last okay uh okay um well you know okay okay okay you know week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.