Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on like um um okay like uh like well I mean okay the the the the the the the the the the the boys podcast before we get okay um uh okay I mean well okay well um okay this episode Ron. I really do want to to to to to to to um like you know uh um so okay you know well um to to to to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. You know well well so um like like I mean um like. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will will will will like uh you know uh you know okay okay um uh like will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest I mean you know like well uh okay um okay okay uh way to make a podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, um you know uh um okay you know well so so well podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to you know uh you know uh okay I mean uh you know um you know to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right I mean um so I mean I mean so uh like uh okay from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will will so um well so okay well uh I mean uh well will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple uh um um uh like like okay you know like you know music. A A A A A A A A A A A I mean um so you know okay uh um so um well podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast okay like you know okay uh okay uh I mean okay well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so okay uh um okay I mean well so uh um you need to make a podcast in one place. Place place place place place place place place um like like you know I mean okay I mean okay uh um place place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and like um uh like you know uh you know like uh you know I can just cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut it. Uh like well I mean uh you know you know okay you know well. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone I mean okay you know well uh like so well um you know like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.