ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's I mean so um you know so like uh um like so Sunday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's Sunday. I'm so well well like well so well uh like um here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just just just okay okay you know so like okay well so I mean okay just just just just just just just just want to be on the podcast. So like um well I mean so okay um so so so here I am. He's helping fill in in in in in in in in in in um um uh well so I mean okay okay uh so in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the you know I mean um well I mean like uh I mean so I mean homies. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's why it's you know you know like I mean I mean well um you know uh okay that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music music music I mean uh okay so so um you know well so uh music music music music music music music music starting off because our Friday podcast. So uh okay uh so you know okay well so um. Might be dead. There is no more fried fried fried fried fried fried so like okay um I mean so um okay I mean so fried fried fried fried fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why okay okay uh you know well well like you know I mean well don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? guess guess guess guess guess guess guess um like uh like well uh you know um like you know guess guess guess Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into uh uh like um I mean like okay so so okay your weekend. Weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. We're going okay um I mean so well I mean um um you know you know to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is is is um okay well you know you know you know you know like like um is is is is is is is is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm like I mean okay I mean uh I mean um so well you know exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.