What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is adam. I mean okay well I mean so like you know um um um. I I I I I I I I I I I am your host. Thank I mean well okay okay okay um um well okay um you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody anybody anybody so like well I mean uh well you know like like you know anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody who is a new listener here. So okay I mean so so like okay uh well like so on this episode, I'm going to be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well you know so uh okay like you know so you know I mean doing doing doing doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm um you know like uh like I mean like uh so well trying to put together together together together together together together together together together like well I mean uh uh so like so you know uh together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film I mean um I mean I mean um I mean uh uh like so film film film film film film film film film film and put together. Kind so like uh you know you know like I mean I mean so like of making it I guess is the best way way way way way uh well you know like you know uh like well um like way way way way way way to put it I mean so I've been like like like okay well you know you know okay uh so looking into like I've talked about in in in in in in in in um well um so well well um um um I mean in in in the past I talked about in the last episode that I I mean um well well I mean okay you know um so like really am a a a a a a a a a a a big well well so like uh you know uh I mean like um fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards cards cards so well um um you know okay okay like I mean you know cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards the ones with the RC logo. So you know you know um uh you know um so I mean okay like I was putting together some statistics with the the the the the the the the uh I mean so okay like I mean so I mean so uh the the the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so I mean well you know I mean well like uh so well I mean Here's basically what what what what what what what what what what what like you know uh um uh like I mean okay well okay I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.