Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of um uh like okay you know I mean well I mean well well a wildflower here. Here here here here here here here here here here. We well um okay um um uh um okay I mean well talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons lessons lessons um okay I mean like so um I mean you know uh okay lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons and stories in the most unlikely of uh you know like like so um so like uh okay places. We call them modern-day parables. Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables um I mean I mean well like um I mean I mean like like Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and you know like um well like uh you know uh I mean uh join join join join join join join join join join join us for this like um like you know uh you know well uh well I mean week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey Casey Casey Casey well so I mean well well so uh okay like so Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part so like okay okay so uh okay like well so of our family. Now, you're a a a a a a a a a uh you know well okay so um I mean okay well like a a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're like well I mean you know okay okay you know like like you know part of of of of of of of of of of of our family. Well um you know like I mean you know uh you know so you know. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of um I mean well I mean um okay uh um you know so of of of of of of of of of of our family now, right? Hi I mean so I mean well okay um okay so well uh KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted um so okay well so you know I mean uh okay um wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.