Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny england. I mean um well you know like um so okay uh um. England England England England England England England England England England. Join us as we discuss okay you know like um like like you know okay um um the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal like okay I mean you know I mean I mean well like uh okay Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority I mean so like I mean I mean well so well like so roll. Hello and welcome to to to to to to to to to to okay you know well I mean like like so so like okay to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one well well so um I mean uh uh uh so so and and and and and and and and and and and only Ben Curry to talk like okay I mean you know I mean um I mean like so you know about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic okay I mean I mean um so like I mean you know okay okay fantastic fantastic fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed uh I mean you know uh like okay like well you know you know because when I I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh like um um so uh okay listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you you know so like so uh I mean you know so uh okay speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking so slowly? um like you know uh so so okay okay you know um Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that that well okay um well you know well so like you know uh that that that that that that that that that you know, my dulcet like okay you know okay uh okay like uh well you know tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, me, me, me, me, you know you know like like like I mean um uh like you know me, me, me, me, me, me, you know, get get the Full Effect one like okay so um okay well uh okay you know you know more in gram or it cram cram cram cram cram cram cram cram cram uh so okay uh um okay like so you know okay cram cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.