This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming I mean like so well I mean you know well I mean you know well live live live live live live live live live live live on youtube. Um okay like like so like okay I mean like okay. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm I'm I'm uh I mean like um I mean okay well uh well I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at so uh I mean like I mean I mean uh so like uh Jordan is going to be joining us soon and and and and and you know you know okay I mean like like I mean I mean I mean well and and and and and and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay I mean I mean so so uh I mean like I mean um well Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, well you know um I mean uh well like uh I mean I mean hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this um well you know well okay um well I mean uh well this this this this this this this this this this special broadcast. We normally don't you know I mean um um okay okay um okay um you know do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we we we we we we we we we well well uh well um um um like I mean okay we we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and you know I mean like uh okay well so uh okay uh I are are are are are are are are are are are all investors uh so um like so I mean okay well okay so in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the um uh so like so uh um I mean okay like the the the the the the the the the the series a shares of um okay I mean like uh uh I mean you know like okay Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of of of of of of of um I mean well so um I mean I mean um I mean okay of of of of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free so okay you know so um you know like well well uh training quickly being copied by by by by by by by by by well you know okay I mean like uh um like um like by by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.