Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh like you know okay so you know um so I mean I mean if if if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on like well okay you know um you know well I mean you know uh Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that uh uh you know okay so like you know um you know I mean that that that that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a uh well so okay so uh so I mean you know so production crew Link in the description description description description description description description description description I mean so uh like um you know you know um I mean uh description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie okay okay um uh well I mean so well like uh was certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly going to uh you know like I mean um well like you know so uh be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced okay like I mean I mean um so uh like like you know as as as as as as as as as as as next season's leading I mean like like well you know um uh you know uh um woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming filming filming filming filming uh well um so uh like like okay okay I mean filming filming filming filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not I mean like uh I mean um well you know so so um the Bachelorette so she has to be be be be be be be be be be like like um um like like you know um um like be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would would would so um like okay well you know I mean okay I mean like would would would would would would would would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of I mean I mean um like I mean okay uh um um you know right now I see no other other other other other other other other um well like like so you know uh like uh okay other other other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down okay I mean um so okay um well I mean I mean um in the the the the the the the the the the the comments below. That's okay um I mean you know like well like well uh I mean all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new new new um well uh uh you know so um I mean you know you know new new new new new new new new to Clare Crawley, I just did uh I mean so um like well uh uh uh I mean a deep dive on her earlier today. So So So So So So uh okay you know okay uh you know um um well like So So So So So check that out on this channel and make sure you uh you know you know well like well uh so okay okay check out our our our our our our our our our our our Bachelor after show uh okay you know um well you know uh so well well live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.