Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections um uh I mean so uh I mean well so um um selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections going today free now, which um uh like so okay well uh well uh uh is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in in in so like I mean um you know so like you know well you know in in in in in in in in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some you know you know okay I mean uh so okay you know well um prices on now, we've currently got got got got got got got got got got well like um well you know like I mean you know okay um got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or okay I mean okay I mean uh um like okay um like evil our home at at at at at at at at at at at 9:00 uh like um well um um well uh um um to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed listed listed like so so well uh you know um you know I mean well listed listed listed listed listed listed listed listed and seven to one but I believe so you know like I mean okay I mean so you know okay so he's going the article samcro. To one for for for for for for you know I mean well like like you know okay like you know I mean for for for for for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. Well so I mean I mean you know so you know okay so like. He's RSA band Now by Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie like well so like uh like well I mean like um Willie Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons uh you know well like you know you know uh okay um you know 16 and and and and and and and and and and and so on so uh I mean I mean I mean like you know well well you know well forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much much much much much you know I mean well you know uh um uh um well you know much much much much much much myself personally as in going for a horse to um I mean like you know like well I mean okay um um the back, but if I was was was was was was was was was was was okay I mean I mean so well uh you know you know I mean uh going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.