Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. Uh I mean um I mean like well you know uh uh I mean. Late late late late late late late late late late. I was supposed to be um well well you know so I mean like well so so so fucking consistent but last week I came to to to to to to um well like like okay okay okay so well uh to to to to to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. You know um uh um I mean okay I mean well you know um. It was just just just just just just just just just just just a um well uh like like like uh um you know like lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but but well so I mean you know so like uh um like so but but but but but but but but but I had so much well you know so you know like I mean like um okay uh shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get get get get get get uh I mean well I mean um uh like well you know you know get get get get get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I okay uh okay well um so like so uh okay was linking with people that I I I I I I I I I I you know well well you know well like well well okay you know I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then you know so so uh uh you know you know uh well so I'm staying in in in in in in in in in in in New um uh uh okay I mean um okay so like so Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and you know you know um you know so I mean so so um okay and and and and and and and and and and it be loud like I'm like okay so um like I mean I mean so um um finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no no no no no no so so so you know uh um like I mean okay like no no no no no one's here right now, which is kind of uh uh um like you know well I mean like like uh rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody okay like uh so well uh well like so okay somebody somebody somebody somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.