So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first okay you know I mean like you know uh so uh I mean so of of of of of of of of of of of all, it's like okay well well okay so uh uh uh I mean episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike Mike Mike okay so so uh okay um well like um so Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Like okay uh you know um um you know like so um. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do Do Do Do Do Do I mean okay you know so well well uh well um um Do Do Do Do Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I I mean so um okay I mean like um I mean okay um don't have to fucking kill you because because because because because because because because because so I mean okay I mean so like uh I mean okay so because because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Uh well I mean you know I mean well okay uh I mean um. Yeah, you fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking doubt. He's like um okay so you know uh you know you know like I mean fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is is is so okay okay I mean um I mean okay so okay okay is is is is is is is is flat. He said he spent his days I mean well okay uh so like uh well you know well for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I I I I I I I I uh I mean well okay like like well you know like like I I I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of uh you know um I mean um like you know okay I mean you know it. Like here's the the the the the the the the the the the rocket um like I mean um um okay uh well okay you know the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking fucking um so um um uh I mean well um um uh fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking idiot. That's what you get well you know uh like like like you know uh I mean like for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole whole whole whole whole whole okay like well I mean like uh um um like okay whole whole whole whole whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. I mean like well okay well I mean so like so well. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.