What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll um I mean um you know um um uh I mean uh um talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a few things that um well like I mean I mean I mean uh you know I mean like actually had conversations with some of you over last week week week week week week uh you know um uh so um okay so you know well week week week week week and earlier this week. And the first thing was um you know uh you know I mean um okay uh like okay poor is why am I not posting posting posting posting posting posting posting well okay um like um like okay so so um posting posting posting posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in uh well um you know well I mean well I mean okay well advance and it's simple reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason really you know um okay so uh uh uh I mean well so I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys guys guys guys um like you know you know you know like I mean um so well guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule I mean well you know uh uh like like okay well uh things like that. And so there are days days days days days days days days um okay so like uh okay you know like I mean like days days days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that you know okay like you know uh uh okay like I mean I mean is is is is is is is is is is is how I want you so well well I mean I mean so I mean well like uh to plan your week. I don't want you you you you you you you you you um uh well um I mean so okay well uh uh you you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that so okay I mean so okay I mean okay like I mean um you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to either avoid so um like you know okay uh you know you know like so or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the the um you know well uh well like I mean well like I mean the the the the the the the the the purpose of the program is to um so like like well um you know well I mean well Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.