Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of of of well okay you know you know you know um um I mean you know well of of of of of of of of Lincoln high Central and your host for like I mean uh okay you know you know you know well um you know everything Central my guest. This episode will will will will will will will I mean um you know um so okay I mean like okay like will will will will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic um well okay uh you know I mean so well I mean okay honor Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Central summa cum I mean well I mean I mean well okay I mean um well okay laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out out out out out like okay I mean okay I mean well so I mean you know okay out out out out out out of approximately four hundred and ninety who like well um I mean okay you know so like I mean well have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. Today today today today today today uh you know well like okay like so I mean you know okay today today today today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth like uh you know so well I mean so you know you know okay Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks I mean well well um um well you know like you know well Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your your well well uh so you know so uh you know uh okay your your your your your your your your your name and the activities you've um uh um well okay okay okay okay uh okay been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um you know uh uh so so uh so well okay I'm I'm I'm I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. Like like so okay uh um well I mean so well. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well you know I mean like okay okay so so like um I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.