If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast um like you know well you know I mean like like okay uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. Well okay okay so like like I mean um you know well. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record I mean well uh you know uh so you know uh like well record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid um you know um uh um well uh well so well distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you know well you know so like you know I mean like um um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many you know you know I mean like okay uh you know okay uh um many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. I mean well so um well like I mean uh like okay. Listen ship is everything you you you you you you you you you know like uh so uh like so okay um uh you you you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or you know like I mean um uh okay you know well you know I mean good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to like uh like like you know you know um I mean um you know get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the the the the well you know okay well um like uh you know um okay the the the the the the the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like like um well you know uh like so um like like the dream went on all night long. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, you know uh uh you know well you know like um okay well Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in okay you know well you know so um like like like so the bedroom was filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled okay um okay so um um um so you know um with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.