Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your well uh okay okay uh uh uh you know like well own own own own own own own own own own own podcast, but you're okay so you know um like so okay okay um I mean not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor uh so like okay well you know um I mean um you know anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we um uh okay you know um um okay well you know like use to host this podcast. So if if if if if if if if if uh I mean I mean okay you know so um uh uh okay if if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download okay uh um uh well like like um you know so our audio upload it it it it it it it it it it it um okay so I mean you know you know okay okay you know you know into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes publishes uh like like like okay you know uh like like okay publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes it to nine different places such uh so so so uh you know uh I mean so uh as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places places places places places places places uh I mean well so well you know like like you know I mean places places places places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's you know um so well I mean you know well so well I mean free. So go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor so you know like well um like so well well uh dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks Thanks Thanks so uh uh okay uh okay so I mean well um Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. Uh I mean um uh um like you know well I mean okay. We appreciate each and every one of you guys guys guys guys guys guys I mean like uh well uh like um well I mean well guys guys guys guys guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without so so I mean so uh uh well I mean well well you. So be sure at the the the the the the the the the well um I mean well okay uh so so well um the the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group so okay I mean uh you know I mean uh you know like well follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow us on social media. I'll um you know I mean um so you know uh like um okay have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode episode episode episode episode well I mean um I mean like okay so you know well so episode episode episode episode episode episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.