And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is I mean well so like you know uh uh well um so is is is is is is is is is is in session and we're happier you know so well well well you know so um um like tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode episode episode okay so okay um you know okay you know so so uh episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm you know uh you know so like so you know um okay so here to give you the the the the the the the the the the the so well uh so uh okay uh um uh so scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this this so well okay okay uh like well like um like this this this this this this this this this week to chitchat about okay so um okay well so so like like like our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. Hi Hi Hi so you know like you know you know I mean you know okay you know uh Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is you know okay you know you know uh I mean um well like so Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at denison. Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison Denison I mean like well well uh uh well so uh um Denison Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on um like you know well well like well I mean okay you know the exec exec exec exec exec exec exec exec exec exec exec board for okay so okay so like well so well you know like Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions admissions admissions admissions like you know okay uh um so so like um like admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm okay you know uh um you know um like okay so um Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely so you know okay okay like so I mean like you know uh definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.