Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of like um uh well well well I mean uh like um poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke dad's there was okay um um I mean like um so um so I mean this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for for for like like um you know so like like you know okay so for for for for for for for for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use um okay well like like you know you know I mean okay I mean anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love love love love love love like um I mean um um um like so okay okay love love love love love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know okay uh you know uh well uh like well like edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right so you know um I mean you know you know okay uh okay like right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my okay like I mean okay so so you know like like well mind that that that that that that that that that that that I'm out I uh so you know so okay um uh okay you know you know can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded uploaded like uh okay well uh uh well like I mean okay uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded or about to upload and edit okay you know so you know uh you know I mean uh like you know it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And And And And so um so um uh okay okay like so I mean And And And And And And And what else will makes it really interesting and you know uh uh okay um okay okay um you know you know cool is Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute okay you know um uh okay you know you know okay so uh distribute distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name uh well I mean so okay so um well uh I mean it and and and and and and and and and and and it's great download you know you know um okay okay so uh uh I mean well anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.