Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and uh so uh uh so okay um okay so uh Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood and I'm deep okay so well um I mean you know um okay uh you know red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, you know like well um well well uh uh I mean you know Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's a crossover episode for okay okay um okay um I mean well so okay well a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today today today today today today um well uh I mean um uh so well you know well today today today today today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen well um like you know um you know uh like um so to our podcast to no no no no no no no no no no okay um uh uh okay okay I mean like you know I mean no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here okay um like so you know I mean uh well well I mean to to to to to to to to to to to talk about atrás like I mean I mean so so you know like like like I mean the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this this this this so you know well well uh okay so well okay uh this this this this this this this out of the way a quick plug I mean uh so well like okay well so um well or big plug we are now on on on on on on on on um like so um I mean uh so okay like well on on on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you okay uh uh okay well like you know so okay uh to like share subscribe follow retweet. Retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet I mean um uh okay like um so well like um retweet retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which um you know um uh um um um I mean well so is one one one one one one one one one one one of my so well you know you know I mean like like okay you know well personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What What What What like like um like well uh uh okay uh um What What What What What What What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.