Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that so you know okay okay you know so you know I mean uh I mean that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by I mean um uh so I mean uh you know well I mean I mean anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um I mean uh you know so you know like well I mean uh it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so so like you know you know okay like I mean I mean um free. Free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that uh well so you know you know like uh you know I mean like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your well okay um like uh you know well um so um your your your your your your your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my you know um you know well uh um um I mean uh um phone as we speak. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well so like I mean okay well um um um well Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard um I mean you know well uh um so well you know like on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple uh like um uh uh uh like so so you know podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no okay uh so like you know well okay um like okay no no no no no no no no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't well okay okay like okay like well well you know I mean talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in in in in in in in in I mean uh okay I mean so well so well you know uh in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to um um like well I mean so you know okay um um Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- uh uh um well okay I mean um well okay you know to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 you know like uh like um um like so I mean well coming at you. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're hitting okay okay um um like so okay okay well uh you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of well I mean you know well I mean well I mean um you know um this this this this this this this this this this this year did in Indianapolis what so um uh I mean well like I mean uh okay well it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.