Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with I mean like you know like I mean you know well uh um um with with with with with with with with with with me as Matthew Landry who well you know um you know I mean like well well um like seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and and and and and and okay uh I mean well okay you know like so okay you know and and and and and seems to duck out on me when Alabama um well I mean I mean well I mean like well you know well loses so glad to have you back here here here here here here here here so um you know well uh I mean I mean you know well so here here here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to so you know like I mean I mean you know okay uh okay like be here good to to to to to to to to to to to um like like so okay so uh well okay uh get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty okay I mean so uh um you know like so you know well good. Good good good good good good good good good good. Yeah, I'm glad to uh so I mean like okay um well um well uh have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially especially especially especially like I mean uh okay like I mean well so um okay especially especially especially especially especially especially especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by well like well I mean uh I mean uh like well I mean Blake level who's the host host host host host host host host host host host okay uh I mean um uh I mean uh you know well like of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level level you know well uh well you know well so like so so level level level level level level level level level and he he's someone that is uh well so um I mean like um well well um Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and and and and and um so I mean well um you know I mean uh like like and and and and and and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community you know uh I mean uh well so I mean I mean like I mean and does a great job of of of of of of of of I mean um um okay well I mean I mean I mean like well of of of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you so so like uh okay um so okay uh you know doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing boy? Well, it's okay you know I mean like so so like you know so okay funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about about about about like well okay uh so so well you know so okay about about about about about about about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.