What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We okay well well you know you know okay well so you know you know We We We We We We We We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're so I mean I mean I mean you know okay okay okay well I mean gonna be talking about the Desi strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong so uh you know I mean so like well okay okay okay strong strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but you know uh okay I mean so so so well uh so new poll has ended ended ended ended ended ended ended ended ended ended ended up okay well like um you know like like like so so getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna um like um well so I mean okay I mean uh like gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna win the D3 Championship. There's um I mean okay well I mean like okay um so okay four teams that we think that could win it. It it it it it it it it you know I mean you know I mean um uh okay well I mean so it it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're uh okay you know so like you know uh um okay you know going to to to to to to to to to to to end off talking I mean so well so you know like like I mean um um about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming coming coming coming well I mean so okay um um um well well well coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up and we just wanted to so uh like okay I mean okay well you know so like talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I I I I I I um well okay uh you know I mean so well so okay I I I I I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into like okay so I mean um um so uh like so it Saint Rose had had had had had had had had had had had um like um I mean um um so well um um a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on saturday. Saturday uh like I mean so well uh uh well uh like Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday. And then Sunday, they played you know well I mean I mean okay so uh so I mean I mean Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're um okay um uh um well I mean uh okay so they're they're they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.