Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon well you know okay I mean well um like you know like well Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio well well well um uh so well well well okay version of our video show on YouTube. If you want want want want want want well uh so I mean like well so um um well want want want want want to go look it up there and see the uh so well you know uh like okay okay uh um video version of these you can can can can can can can can can can okay you know like okay like okay you know so I mean well can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts like uh um okay like so uh uh like uh podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or ever you get like I mean I mean so uh um um I mean well well your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of of of of of I mean well um so I mean um like so okay I mean of of of of of of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm I mean so okay well okay um okay okay um like Simon Whistler you're watching top top top top top top top top top top top uh uh well um like well I mean I mean well like 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying you know so well so okay um okay like you know uh facts about about about about about about about about about about about the American Mafia. Number so I mean I mean um well well so uh um uh 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has has has has has has has I mean I mean you know you know okay like well okay I mean well has has has has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination um like I mean well so okay I mean okay you know like of Pop Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture Culture a few um I mean I mean you know well so okay okay well okay standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May May May May okay well I mean like so um you know so like so May May May May May May May comprise the best known organized crime groups in like um you know you know okay so okay well like I mean the United States. They are far far far far far far far far far far you know so uh so I mean like okay like like so far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.