What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and and um well um well um so okay like I mean okay and and and and and and and and and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts um so okay so uh I mean you know uh uh well riverbed us with me. This week is a lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie okay like well okay like okay so like you know so lie lie lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to uh you know I mean well so well like I mean you know well be talking about creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating character uh you know you know um uh so you know like like you know hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering answering answering answering answering answering I mean so you know like well so you know okay you know you know answering answering answering answering answering lesser questions again because we don't have any um you know you know I mean um I mean like so like so because we've been selected for any any any any any any any any any any any of like like um like um you know like uh well like them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before before I mean uh so you know I mean so I mean so okay uh before before before before before before before before before all that Ali are you okay I mean so like like you know I mean you know well I mean games this week? So since the first time since we we we we we um so uh uh I mean I mean I mean well I mean uh we we we we we we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D well like like you know uh like you know so well so this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah like okay so you know uh you know um so so you know Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played like like uh you know well uh you know you know um well a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of blood-borne okay you know you know okay like I mean uh you know um I mean and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.