Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give like uh like okay like so uh uh um uh you you you you you you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up so I mean okay like like you know like um um you know about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and and and um so um um you know I mean you know um you know like and and and and and and and and podcasts in one place. That's for free um uh like you know you know you know um well well like Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has has has has has has has has has has so so well um okay um okay I mean so okay has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right well you know uh uh um I mean well so okay so right right right right right right right right right right now and you can like so so uh uh I mean uh you know well okay follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can can can can um you know uh like uh well okay like um um can can can can can can can share what you're listening to with friends on okay okay uh so well okay okay you know like so Instagram. And if you are a a a a a a a a a a um like um I mean like uh um like um so a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter okay so uh okay uh well um I mean like well where you are. Are are are are are are are are are are. So you know you know I mean I mean um uh okay I mean um you know if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app uh well okay like well okay so um uh okay app app app app app app app app app app search for optimal relationships daily okay you know you know okay uh you know well like well like or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and and and and and and and um so like well um so uh um you know okay and and and and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking uh uh um okay okay okay well um I mean like of which let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's see what okay you know so well okay uh um okay um um we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode episode uh well you know okay okay well so you know um I mean episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 647 what I wish someone had um like so I mean so you know um so so so told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.