Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take so uh you know so you know I mean uh like um um your health health health health health health health health health health health Fitness and wants well I mean well okay okay like so well you know so it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello Hello Hello okay well um um you know like well um um so Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to episode 14 of I mean okay okay so um uh uh um so uh level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is is is is is is is I mean like um you know um uh I mean I mean okay so is is is is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't um so well I mean well I mean like uh uh well it? Does it I I I I I I I I I I I so uh okay um well um I mean well like you know think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like um like you know uh okay like uh okay okay I mean we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been saying movement is medicine. Uh okay so like you know so you know I mean well okay. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm arm arm arm arm arm arm like well you know well uh you know so you know okay I mean arm arm arm arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. You know like so uh well like so okay I mean uh. Absolutely. It's about about about about about about about about about about about yes uh so okay okay I mean so uh like um I mean branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to to to uh I mean so okay like uh I mean I mean so okay to to to to to to to to really talk about something that I'm okay uh like so uh I mean so you know I mean so super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI SLI SLI SLI SLI SLI okay um okay well I mean I mean so I mean like uh SLI SLI SLI SLI SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I mean so so okay okay like so okay uh you know. I work as an osteopath. So So So So So So So So like I mean um like well well um you know okay uh So So So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's well well I mean so I mean like like like I mean so your bread and butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, so so uh okay okay so like well well well but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come um I mean well um uh well you know so you know I mean to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.