Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They okay you know I mean like like um I mean well so uh said that when when when when when when when when when when when Lee um okay uh you know well so I mean so okay um was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start start um I mean so like so you know uh okay um um start start start start start start start start start running after him. But anyway, I mean I mean I mean okay uh like um like I mean uh yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know. Know know I mean you know I mean okay uh um uh well okay uh know know know know know know know know. I think it's in the souls of our so so well like you know okay so uh uh um DNA. We believe that there is is is is is is is is is um like okay well you know well well you know uh you know is is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further you know well like okay well uh okay uh well I mean than where where where where where where where where where where where we are that well so um well well you know okay well so you know if we get enough power we can we can live live live live live live okay so like you know uh like I mean you know well okay live live live live live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way you know I mean uh well you know um I mean well like you know we think about this as as as as as as as as as as okay um so I mean I mean so so you know like well as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be okay well so um so so okay uh well like be be be be be be be be be be disciplined enough in that so um like so you know I mean uh well so um career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Life life life life life you know I mean so okay like like well well like okay life life life life life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. Like you know uh okay like um like well like okay. It's kind of its wild into into into into into into into into into into like um like so like okay uh um well so into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.