Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to to like I mean well okay like you know I mean so so so to to to to to to to to to be talking about male I mean well um um uh so uh so okay uh multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy juicy juicy like so so well like like okay okay I mean so juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high like uh like uh like well you know well uh you know Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual um uh okay you know you know okay okay I mean so so sexual sexual sexual sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Okay so I mean okay well I mean well so you know so. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu I mean so I mean you know um so I mean uh um um podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize like so like like um like well I mean uh well your your your your your your your your your your your ideal life. So there's a you know like I mean okay okay okay like uh uh so bit of a myth in our world that the the the the the the the um you know like you know okay I mean so well okay okay the the the the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. So well okay like um okay you know um well well. That's that's the the the the the the the the the the the greatest so um like so so um well like I mean uh sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated unmotivated uh okay um so okay so so you know you know like unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have so well like I mean so I mean so well so okay The Stereotype of the man who finishes having having having having having having having having um so so like um like so you know um well having having having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.