Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our um well you know well you know um so okay um uh first in a a a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks okay I mean well I mean um you know so you know okay you know due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of of of of of uh well well so uh uh I mean okay okay um of of of of of of you that did notice they be a large okay I mean okay you know well uh okay you know you know like percentage of you that didn't notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice well like you know like you know like okay uh like I mean notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we um okay uh you know well okay well uh I mean okay get get get get get get get get get get get into it is only right so well like so uh uh you know like I mean um to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma so I mean I mean um so you know okay um okay well Emma Emma Emma Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm uh like okay you know you know um so okay um you know fine. Excellent and Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, I mean like um uh so so like I mean um so how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm I'm I'm like okay you know um I mean I mean like like so so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fine pretty much make sure so like I mean okay okay okay uh like like okay the world goes around I think so. We are actually actually actually actually actually well okay you know like like well well like I mean um actually actually actually actually actually actually joined by another and we are honored and excited well like uh uh like well like so okay well to be joined by Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor I mean so you know you know you know okay well okay well so David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and you know I mean um okay well uh okay um like so author of of of of of of of of of of of a best-seller, which like I mean um like I mean like like like like uh I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I I I I I I okay like well like you know well uh okay uh uh I I I I I did actually say it to Mike off air like I mean so uh okay um um so like like as well. It is one of my my my my my my my my uh uh okay well I mean um I mean I mean I mean okay my my my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.