Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a like so uh so okay so uh I mean okay um brand new new new new new new new new new new new episode next week. Like okay uh okay so well uh uh okay you know. But if you need something to tide you over until until until until until uh I mean so um uh like like you know like um until until until until until until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. Well um uh you know so uh you know so like so. It's called love letters and and and and and and and and and and and it's okay uh okay like so well well I mean uh um one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist columnist columnist columnist well okay well you know like I mean okay um you know okay columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode okay uh okay okay you know okay okay I mean okay okay of the show Meredith asked a complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated um well uh uh uh I mean you know so well so complicated complicated complicated complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people okay so okay um I mean like I mean you know um so grappling with the same question question question question question question question question question well so uh um uh I mean like um so okay question question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single you know well well like so uh so okay well um mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom trying to figure out you know okay like you know um I mean uh um I mean um how to introduce her young daughter to a new new new new new new new like okay like um okay so okay I mean so like new new new new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can like I mean uh you know so okay so like uh okay hear every episode of Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love like um okay like I mean I mean I mean I mean so you know Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.