Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all okay you know so I mean I mean okay well I mean uh so my my my my my my my my my my my mother. Yeah, um um I mean uh I mean you know so so um I mean but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to to to to to to uh like uh okay so uh uh like like well to to to to to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet um uh you know um uh like um so okay you know and and and and and and and and and and and try to like uh uh I mean like well so like like well you know Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture picture picture picture I mean like okay like okay okay um like I mean okay picture picture picture picture picture picture picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely you know well okay I mean uh well uh I mean so I mean tried to talk to me about about about about about about about about about about okay um I mean you know you know so okay okay okay uh about sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a a a I mean like so so so I mean okay um uh I mean a a a a a a a a setting where like, I'm not true. Uh well you know uh uh okay like you know I mean okay. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting well well well I mean you know so like well okay um setting Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our so uh um uh um so um you know so like it was was was was was was was was was was was like a well so you know I mean well um you know uh okay you know glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this this this okay okay like you know so I mean uh um so so this this this this this this this this room more right? No. Yeah. She got so so like okay you know so well so okay like like what a good time. Oh, look. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've well you know I mean uh I mean well okay like well okay I've I've I've I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.