I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk uh uh I mean uh well like uh uh um like talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was the buzz. Hi uh um like okay well you know uh so I mean okay everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What What What What What What What well you know uh okay like like uh okay like well What What What What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to you know um like I mean like like well well so uh talk about tonight. And so far far far far far far far far uh uh like so so well you know so okay so far far far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged you know so uh you know like um okay I mean so uh 30 drama mystery. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's um uh okay okay well well um you know so okay There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then then okay so um you know I mean you know uh um so uh then then then then then then then then then I'm gonna tie up some of I mean well so so okay okay I mean okay you know I mean the other little things at the end and then of of of of of you know okay okay you know okay you know okay well so you know of of of of of of course at the end. And we'll be well um I mean uh okay um okay okay so um doing our class clown class president. So So So So So So So So So I mean okay like so well I mean um so I mean okay So So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please um well you know I mean I mean like okay so uh well please please please please please please please please please please start sending them in in the uh so you know um so um you know well well um live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo solo solo solo solo solo solo uh I mean um uh so you know you know you know um well solo solo solo solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you well I mean um you know um like you know well so I mean have some some some some some some some some some some some thoughts so I mean like okay you know okay uh so so like like that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I so you know well you know uh uh you know okay okay um will will will will will will will will will will will be relying on you greatly you know well um well well like okay you know you know so tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.