And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and and and okay um uh okay okay you know uh like well well and and and and and and and and Channing show. So I had a thought well okay so uh so so well you know I mean like Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Here here here here here here here here here okay so like you know uh so um okay uh you know here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't aren't well okay so um I mean uh okay I mean uh I mean aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't listening in the morning? uh you know um well okay I mean okay like like you know Good night for another episode of the my coolant coolant coolant coolant coolant coolant coolant you know so so uh okay like so so you know well coolant coolant coolant coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever you know like well you know I mean like well like well um time of day that you are are are are are are are are are um um so well I mean um so um well so are are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back um well well well uh okay so I mean uh uh Corey. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for for listening for um uh you know so okay well so okay okay so the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look look uh well like well um well I mean um um you know look look look look look look look look look like you hit play okay so uh uh well okay I mean okay um so Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd We'd We'd We'd like I mean I mean like so well okay like uh I mean We'd We'd We'd We'd We'd We'd We'd love for you to subscribe and give us uh like um you know you know uh I mean okay okay uh five stars. That'll help. Bus out you you you you you you you you you you well like well like okay you know so well you know um you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on instagram. Okay okay I mean so you know uh uh so you know like. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got a Facebook um okay I mean okay um so well okay so well group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.