I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the so well well okay um okay I mean you know um so fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that someone created I mean uh well um so I mean like uh I mean well pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn learn learn learn learn well um so uh okay uh like okay I mean um learn learn learn learn learn learn it and actually really fell in love with I mean I mean um you know so I mean I mean so uh okay it. A lot of them are are are are are are are are are are are just I mean so okay I mean I mean so like you know okay okay really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for for so like like well um um I mean like okay you know for for for for for for for for for us to be doing this in well well okay like um like okay well okay okay our backyards basically and taking images that were once in in in in in so like I mean you know you know well like you know like you know in in in in in in the realm of of professional observatories is uh well you know uh you know I mean um so um I mean just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody well you know um well like uh uh uh so like everybody everybody everybody everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from okay so I mean like like okay okay so uh like Ontario Canada and he runs a a a a a a a a a you know so well you know um so okay uh so like a a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube you know so like um uh okay like I mean so like channel visible dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark Astro. He okay okay like I mean well um okay um so um is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello Hello Hello so like so uh uh so um um you know I mean Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone and welcome to space like you know I mean so okay so like like so so junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing like so like like okay like uh well well uh amazing amazing amazing amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.