Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is okay okay so well okay so um like I mean okay is is is is is is is is is is Kelly Scheib. For those uh so so uh you know you know okay so okay uh of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here here here here here here like so you know um you know you know um uh um I mean here here here here here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we uh I mean you know like I mean um so I mean like I mean had a plan for today today today today today today today today today today today and so so okay um well I mean so um so like as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this this this this like well like like I mean um uh I mean um I mean this this this this this this this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of like okay you know uh I mean um I mean um uh okay noise and we we we we we we we we we we we thought okay well so uh well you know uh like uh well it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it um so okay uh um um you know uh um um weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you just in, I mean so okay like you know okay I mean uh uh so California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock clock clock clock um I mean well like okay um like uh so uh clock clock clock clock clock clock clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think okay well uh so well uh I mean okay well um that we need no well, like have you been watching watching watching watching watching so okay so you know like you know you know I mean okay you know watching watching watching watching watching watching United States? I think you weren't tested I mean okay well uh well you know so uh uh uh when you came back. Nobody's looked at at at at at at at at at like well okay um like like well so um well at at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've well well I mean okay I mean I mean okay so okay I mean got got got got got got got got got got got the experts we well you know like well you know well um like I mean uh have here today to talk to us. So today we are are are are are like like okay you know you know I mean I mean okay I mean okay are are are are are are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.