Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you uh I mean so you know uh so um like I mean uh please take take take take take take take take take take take a minute uh I mean so um uh so uh I mean you know so and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to to to well like um like so so I mean um I mean I mean to to to to to to to to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm uh you know you know okay you know you know well like well I mean Maria and my name is Rory and we are the the the the the the the uh so okay well um uh like um okay uh the the the the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and um I mean you know uh you know okay um okay like so next week on March the 13th. 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th 13th um uh I mean um well um like um um okay 13th 13th 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success I mean well like okay okay you know well you know I mean uh webinar from four o'clock. O'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock. Until okay like okay you know um okay I mean well um like five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see uh okay well like well okay well like uh okay Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory Rory and myself our like okay you know okay like I mean so you know um so pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking so you know well uh you know so so um well well speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no so you know you know you know uh I mean well okay okay um preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please please please please please please you know like like uh like like okay okay okay um please please please please please do join in we do need everyone to join um well so okay uh like you know uh you know well in. Okay. Absolutely. We We We We We We We We We We We really you know you know I mean like so uh okay well I mean um insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.