Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys like um well okay uh so uh well like uh quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify I mean like I mean uh like like like um you know okay on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and um so you know well I mean so okay you know like um and and and and and and and and and and one place that's for uh uh like like okay um like okay you know you know free. You don't even need a premium account and that is is is um well well you know so well so I mean okay so is is is is is is is is great because let's face it. We okay well um uh so okay uh uh okay like are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit uh um so like well well okay well I mean you know bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. Okay well well like I mean um well well you know so. So you never never never never never never never never never never never miss so you know so okay well um you know you know well well an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram uh I mean so I mean so I mean um so I mean uh Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can I mean um uh uh you know like so uh so like even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever uh well well so um you know okay I mean you know well whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too I mean you know okay well um so I mean well well okay many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but this like you know well you know I mean like so um so um one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download download download well well like so I mean you know uh um okay well download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for uh like well well you know you know um I mean uh okay your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the well well well uh so so you know you know like um the the the the the the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to um I mean I mean um okay um well um okay so follow us on there. So you you you you you you you you you you uh well like like I mean like well okay um okay you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get um so I mean uh uh you know well you know so I mean into today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. So well you know like like uh well like well you know. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast podcast well I mean um um uh so well so like um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.