What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at okay like uh like okay I mean I mean so so okay College College College College College College College College College College College Christian church uh I mean I mean you know um um okay okay okay um for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or or or I mean so uh um um so I mean uh um well or or or or or or or or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and uh okay well so you know okay I mean like okay like I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you you you you you you you you um uh like well um uh you know I mean well like you you you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you like well so well I mean okay uh I mean um well here. Taylor is is is is is is is is is is is going to uh like I mean okay I mean so like like um so walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for for for well um like uh so um you know um um uh for for for for for for for for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think like I mean so okay so uh well like uh you know that journey of loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness started with uh uh you know so well so um so okay so you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I I I I you know you know you know um so um you know I mean like like I I I I I I I had a good Community there, but it really I mean well like so well like like okay I mean so started to take effect my first year year year year year year year year like okay you know you know I mean um like so you know I mean year year year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a well okay um like I mean um uh uh you know I mean kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of came about I mean like uh okay uh I mean okay you know like like in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to to to to um you know you know well um so well um like uh to to to to to to to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing okay I mean you know I mean so like uh um so well maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.