All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't haven't haven't like I mean I mean so um so I mean well okay uh haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor what are you doing I mean um I mean you know I mean um well like so um man? Get your life together, but but but but but but but um um I mean okay you know like I mean um you know um but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um you know you know okay um I mean so I mean okay make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and okay well well I mean well um uh I mean okay okay I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation creation well so so okay you know uh like you know like um creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and well you know I mean you know you know um you know so well okay edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or well um um uh okay I mean well like um well or or or or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that okay so okay um I mean uh well well I mean like therefore, I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it from my phone. Okay you know well well you know you know like uh so I mean. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will will will will so I mean uh okay you know well well um um well will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So can you know you know I mean well so you know you know so so you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like you know uh uh like well you know so um um podcasts podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and so okay you know um um um so you know I mean um and and and and and and and and and and your coin you can like um you know so you know so I mean I mean so so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, I mean um I mean you know um like I mean so like so listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your so like well well I mean um um well well I mean listeners right now and and and and and and and and and and and it's so uh well uh you know uh so like well well everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.