Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 13 13 um like okay um you know um well well like like 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 11. I read a story recently about you know um um like like um I mean um okay so a 24 year old old old old old old old old old old I mean um so you know like you know I mean you know well okay old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her so you know you know okay I mean okay you know well like okay spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending habits the author of the I mean I mean okay I mean I mean like uh well you know uh article shared that through to over the phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone so well you know okay like uh um like you know so phone phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't didn't like I mean okay so uh okay well like uh well didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have to give up things. Like I mean okay okay you know you know you know okay okay like. She really loved to save money that realization helped her her her her um I mean well you know I mean okay well okay okay um her her her her her her her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make like well like okay like um I mean uh uh um productive spending cuts during the the the the the the the the the the the sessions. You know well I mean um well okay uh I mean um so. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens screens screens uh I mean uh you know well um you know uh um I mean screens screens screens screens screens screens screens screens to look at a monthly credit um so okay so um I mean well uh uh you know card statement and addressed goals for the week. The The The The The The I mean like you know okay like okay well like like uh The The The The The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare you know uh I mean uh you know you know you know so so like and save for the future. It's encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging well okay you know so well like you know um I mean uh encouraging encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how I mean uh okay well I mean um well uh uh so to handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle and um well like okay well I mean um well like uh how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times times times you know okay okay well okay well I mean you know so I mean times times times times times times times times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs well you know well like uh um uh so you know um we heard today. Let's hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear I mean like you know so I mean so well so I mean uh it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.