Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, episode, episode, um so well uh um um like well uh well episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just um well like um you know um so so okay uh got off the back of doing some live live live live live live live you know uh I mean okay you know you know I mean so uh well live live live live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one so so you know uh you know so like um uh I mean hit which is the the the the the the the the the the the so so like like uh uh okay okay okay like power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four four well well so um okay um I mean you know like uh four four four four four four four four four places at one time. So okay uh uh you know like I mean like okay um so very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired you know uh okay okay um uh uh you know okay like inspired inspired inspired inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you um so so um um um uh well like you know today? But before we we we we we we we we we we we well um um well well like uh you know well you know get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple you know well okay like uh um okay uh um well couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of weeks. I've been okay uh um you know I mean okay well well you know I mean running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone um you know well uh well well like you know so okay anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends um I mean so okay okay I mean well you know uh um me over a screenshot. I will enter enter enter enter enter enter enter like um like well so you know so you know uh I mean enter enter enter enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from you know you know like um um so like uh you know so me. So So So So So So So So So So So I just well I mean you know like uh okay well like so you know been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.