Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you know um like um I mean you know so uh um so if if if if if if if if if if you want to stay you know well like you know okay you know well okay I mean well spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported you know uh well um uh so um I mean so um reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in okay okay I mean like okay um well well like well Auburn filming something with a production crew Link Link Link Link Link Link Link well um uh well so well well you know you know so Link Link Link Link in the description and I along with almost all of I mean I mean um you know okay you know so you know uh uh Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie well like um um like well uh um well uh Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead well okay you know well uh so uh um like okay because Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Crawley was announced as uh so you know you know okay uh well okay well uh next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was was so um well you know I mean you know okay like so um was was was was was was was was was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but well um um um like I mean okay um uh okay she's not the Bachelorette so she has to to to to to to to well uh I mean okay I mean so like like okay well to to to to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any like uh you know like uh I mean um like I mean you know other reason Maddie would would would would would would would would would would would have uh well okay like so I mean so like uh so been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see see see see see see well you know I mean I mean uh you know um you know okay I mean see see see see see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let I mean uh uh you know okay like um um uh like me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in like I mean well you know uh um uh I mean like okay the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News daily. Daily Daily Daily Daily so um so I mean well um you know uh uh okay Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I okay like okay uh I mean I mean like uh like so just did a deep dive on her her her her her her her her her you know so um um okay you know um like okay you know her her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure well well you know uh okay like I mean okay so um you check check check check check check check check check check check out our Bachelor uh like okay okay I mean um like well you know like after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.