Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to um um well okay you know I mean um well uh like to to to to to to to to to to all of our favorite okay I mean um you know uh I mean like well so uh artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a I mean I mean I mean okay okay well um you know okay okay a a a a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts so I mean so like um so well okay well uh on every imaginable topic plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus you know like you know I mean uh um I mean you know um uh plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss um um so so you know like um well you know like an episode premium users users users users users users users users users users uh like like uh um well okay so okay I mean users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what what well so so you know like like you know you know well so what what what what what what what what what you're listening to with your friends on uh well okay well so well I mean okay well well Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't you know uh you know um I mean um you know uh I mean so haven't haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app uh I mean well um you know okay so like uh so search for for for for for for for for for for for Optimal Health daily like so I mean well you know uh um uh like well on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make make make uh like uh you know you know you know like like um I mean make make make make make make make make sure to follow me. So like so well okay so um I mean I mean okay well you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is is is is is is you know I mean okay like you know I mean well like you know so is is is is is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for um well um like okay you know um you know well um weight loss and other other other other other other other other other other other fitness um um um uh like like I mean um like okay goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Narrator narrator okay like um you know okay like you know um I mean you know narrator narrator narrator narrator narrator narrator narrator narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.