Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table well um uh okay I mean you know well uh you know okay table table table table table table table table each week. We invite a guest to so like um well you know uh you know um I mean okay sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing posing posing posing posing posing posing like um like so you know okay like well uh I mean posing posing posing posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the well you know okay I mean well okay uh so uh I mean City of Bristol from transport to safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety so like uh uh like uh I mean I mean like I mean safety safety safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the um okay you know so well like so um um like hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot seat. My name is okay you know I mean well you know okay okay I mean so like Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of of of you know well uh um uh like so well um well of of of of of of of of the west of England. My um okay okay like um like like so like uh name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you you you like um you know so you know you know okay you know uh you know you you you you you you you you as well. And I'm in the second I mean um okay well so um okay I mean so well year. What is the impact of the withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal okay you know I mean uh okay like I mean uh um um withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from well uh you know so like you know uh well so like what I I I I I I I I I I I understand from okay well like you know you know uh you know I mean like you know for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely okay so um well uh I mean like like okay uh adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely adversely impacted. I think they've you know um uh uh um well uh okay you know so been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.