Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I mean you know okay okay so like you know okay like um. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to welcome you so I mean um like like you know well I mean okay I mean to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new new new new new okay well well uh like like uh like like uh new new new new new new way to communicate with the department and what this like I mean like you know so okay okay so so well means for DCS going forward as you you you you you you you you you know like well I mean um uh I mean you know well so you you you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan like so uh so well I mean like I mean um I mean was formally submitted and and and and and and and and and and and approved well okay so I mean so um you know um so well in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several um well uh um well so okay I mean I mean uh committees. Committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees. Although the vote on um I mean um okay uh you know so well you know so the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been been been been been been well so well okay like so well you know you know okay been been been been been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional okay you know you know like like uh um okay well so changes have been made to our our our our our our our our our our so uh okay uh you know like like okay so uh our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department uh I mean okay um well like well okay like so and helps us us us us us us us us us us us um like okay so um you know uh so you know uh better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature I mean so okay well so I mean um so okay you know to to to to to to to to to to to Begin work on the well okay so like um uh you know you know like um fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.