Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike um like so like um you know well well I mean like Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Rankin. I will be your host this so well you know I mean you know like you know like you know uh time around and boy. Do we have a a a a a a a a okay well you know well like you know uh um like uh a a a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You um okay okay so like um well you know well uh can follow them them them them them them them them them them them on Twitter at like okay you know so uh okay okay uh you know so Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us us us us us um so okay uh I mean uh uh well you know um us us us us us us to talk some White Sox baseball on you know I mean okay I mean so um um um well well the future Sox podcast. This is is is is is is is is is is is um I mean you know I mean well well uh um so um going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I um okay so like well like like so like I mean normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally interview other people. So you know uh like okay well like you know uh you know you know I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate so so okay um you know okay so so you know like Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over well um you know you know so um uh you know I mean okay at Saks in the the the the the the the the the the the basement right now well um you know I mean well well uh um well um where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it it it it you know uh uh like you know you know okay I mean you know well it it it it it it it really is like a Grassroots thing that uh I mean I mean well like okay I mean okay like you know I didn't expect to get as as as as as as as as as uh uh you know so so like so okay you know so as as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got well so you know you know so well so so so like this live event of of of of of of of of of of of you know um well well so um well okay um uh cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be okay uh okay um well so so okay so like trying out out out out out out out out out out out a live so like okay so like so I mean um you know okay broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going so okay so I mean I mean well well uh well uh going going going going going going going going going going to two shows a uh so well I mean you know uh so I mean you know so week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.