Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection you know well well uh so so um I mean well you know of of of of of of of of of of of my view on attend uh you know well um so you know so like uh I mean you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the the the the you know you know I mean you know like I mean so you know um well the the the the the the the Merit sadaqa and words of like um so uh I mean I mean you know okay um well Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to to to to to to like like like I mean okay like uh um so uh to to to to to her proper. She look today as well as like okay you know like well um um um uh like all the singles of marriageable age. And as as as as as as as okay I mean okay well okay well well so well uh as as as as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving um well well so uh uh okay so uh well memory and and and and and and and and and and and Lena shmatte my I mean I mean uh I mean you know uh um uh uh so grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated dedicated dedicated well um so you know I mean um like you know you know well dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated in loving memory and was in his I mean um I mean uh I mean um okay well you know okay mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out out out out out out out out out out you know like you know like I mean um well you know um so out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family robert. Um so you know you know okay so well I mean so you know. I Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert I rabbit I mean like well um well I mean um so like um a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the the the uh um I mean I mean you know uh I mean like okay so the the the the the the the the pursuit tells us and you should like you know okay so well like okay so you know okay command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.