Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the so I mean like well I mean okay well so so I mean the the the the the the the the the the app I'm using it I mean uh you know well uh like I mean uh like okay is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and and and um uh well well like I mean um uh uh well and and and and and and there's creation tools straight in the app that you know uh like well uh so so well uh so allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or or or or or or like um um okay like uh so okay um uh or or or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify you know well like I mean I mean well okay um uh uh apple and many more without having having having having having having having having having having okay like okay like okay like you know well um uh having to do anything which is great and you can make money from uh uh okay I mean so you know like so I mean uh the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no like okay you know so so so like like um um minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to to like um so I mean uh you know uh I mean okay so to to to to to to to to to get to where you're going. Well you know you know like you know like like okay so uh. So it's everything you need to do all one one one one one one one uh you know well okay like well I mean uh you know so one one one one place and to download the app go to anchor on the well uh you know well you know uh um so so well App Store anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored on so you know I mean like okay well so um you know well FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? like uh you know um you know you know um so I mean uh on on on on on on on on on on Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're I mean I mean I mean well well well you know um like you know welcome to episode 2 of everything and and and and and and and and and I mean I mean you know so okay well you know so I mean I mean and and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone well okay so well like okay um like okay um did amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm so thankful so you know so well like so uh well um well for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing reviewing reviewing like um um well well like okay I mean um I mean reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I mean okay uh so um I mean okay I mean well okay. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.