Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR well uh like uh um well you know you know so well leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't like uh you know like you know so you know um well like just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's It's I mean uh um okay so okay uh I mean I mean so It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's simply has to put another way. You know okay uh so like like okay I mean well um. HR must become more digital and analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical you know so I mean okay I mean you know like you know so okay analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual usual uh uh you know I mean um okay okay uh I mean like usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual format. It features a panel discussion, which uh uh um um um you know okay I mean like I mean took place at the recent people analytics and and and and and and you know I mean so like okay like well like you know well and and and and and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was well well uh so so like um so okay um titled HR skills of the the the the the the the the the the you know I mean I mean like um well uh well like you know the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics uh like uh okay like you know I mean um I mean well analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics at UC Berkeley having okay uh uh I mean so I mean I mean um you know uh spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics you know okay you know so uh so you know you know like okay analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a uh uh um okay like um well okay uh like global head of of of of of of of of of of of people analytics boober you know so okay I mean well so like uh uh so and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing managing managing like well so okay um um like okay okay you know managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing director of my HR future who uh uh uh well you know you know uh like well well previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.