If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. I mean so well like um you know well so okay well. Let me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. Uh uh well I mean I mean okay uh okay well okay. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um okay okay like like I mean like like I mean you know right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and uh like like so you know uh uh I mean uh uh covid distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So you know okay okay uh so okay like I mean so so So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so um well uh you know so you know um like so money money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast well I mean okay you know uh like uh um like I mean with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to to to to to to okay so I mean um like so um so um well to to to to to make podcasts in one place download the free I mean so so you know like so uh so okay uh ankle up or good Echo the the the the the the the the the the okay I mean so well okay you know well so okay okay the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I mean so like like uh you know like so well I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you know like well um um so I mean I mean um well you about money, but not just money wealth means means means means means means um uh okay okay you know so so well uh I mean means means means means means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that uh like I mean you know I mean like like I mean okay uh wealth is not just just just just just just just just just just just about well uh I mean okay you know well well I mean you know uh how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony um I mean so so well I mean I mean okay I mean you know Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.