Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff well like um like um so so I mean I mean uh stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast back on your listening well okay like well I mean you know like well you know well device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool cool cool cool well so like well um I mean like I mean like so cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of pa. So so well like well like well so I mean you know. They want to give away their products products products products products products products products uh okay you know so um you know um uh you know you know products products products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like so you know well so like you know you know well like like like like like like like like like like like like questions things like that. Well okay um I mean I mean um I mean um well uh. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply supply supply supply you know um you know um well like like uh so I mean supply supply supply supply supply supply supply of some CBD products from CBD American you know uh um okay like okay I mean well okay so Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do do do do do do do do do um um like so uh okay you know um okay um do do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to I mean you know um you know um you know so so well uh to to to to to to to to to to the puff and Steph okay I mean I mean I mean well I mean okay uh like okay Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of of of of of of of like so like okay okay um well you know I mean I mean of of of of the page and just tell us why you want I mean uh you know uh uh um like you know so um to try it out. Maybe you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've well uh I mean uh I mean uh like you know you know um you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to I mean so uh you know you know okay okay well like so different different different different different different different different different different different companies products. You um okay so uh um okay um um like uh want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier like well well like like I mean uh well like so earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that uh you know uh you know uh so okay uh okay okay it helps with. No reason is is is is is is is is you know uh well so I mean so so you know um like is is is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.