Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U okay uh so well um well like well like you know U U U U U U U U U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March so um you know you know okay like um so uh you know 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart you know um so I mean well I mean uh um uh so Stewart Stewart Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all I mean uh well you know so uh you know so okay so all all all all all all all all all all of a sudden the 2020 you know uh well you know I mean okay um you know well like season is upon us. We're just days away from from from from from from from so well uh I mean um well okay um okay you know from from from from opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost um um well I mean so so okay I mean well I mean Scott. Do you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel kind so you know I mean so okay I mean um um uh like of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was I mean like so like like I mean well you know um so was was was was was was was was was was like we're about to so um okay I mean um uh uh okay uh I mean kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I I I I I like I mean so I mean okay you know you know well you know so I I I I I I woke up in time. Then sort of like uh uh so um you know so you know uh I mean you know a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my my my my my my my my uh uh I mean so you know okay uh okay I mean you know my my my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the so uh well I mean um uh well so okay so remedy was like a a a a a a a a a a a so uh okay I mean you know you know you know so well uh rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're well you know so um I mean I mean like you know I mean um we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like it's like what's happening? uh well uh I mean um I mean um like I mean okay This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was was was was okay I mean so okay um well so so so uh was was was was was was was just like yeah, we're back in the so okay well okay uh you know uh like like um swing of things. We are good for for for for for for for for for um um well well like uh okay I mean so you know for for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.