Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about about uh um well like you know like well I mean okay so about about about about about about about about about my firm or see my uh well I mean like like um like I mean okay I mean portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well uh you know you know you know like so well you know so I'm I'm I'm I'm a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we I mean you know like I mean like you know okay well so well run Spotify in the the the the the the the the the the the office all I mean you know so um um okay you know okay uh you know day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts podcasts well okay like you know uh uh well okay um you know podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts on every topic including the one you know so okay um um I mean so like okay like you're listening to right now. You can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen uh um I mean well um I mean I mean uh well like listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one like you know like so okay well um uh I mean like place for free. You You You You You You You You You You You you know like like um I mean you know well um you know you know can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can you know you know like so so you know so uh um like can can can can can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you uh uh I mean like so okay uh um I mean well are easily share what you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening um uh um like I mean uh like you know I mean like listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to so I mean um I mean uh um I mean I mean so so to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify um uh well you know I mean you know um I mean you know okay app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in in in in in like well I mean uh you know um I mean I mean you know okay in in in in in in the your library tab. Also, make sure to okay uh so like so like I mean you know okay so follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.