Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How like um uh um I mean uh um you know um okay are are are are are are are are are are are you? Not so bad like um uh um so uh well so uh like value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Happier happier happier uh um so I mean you know okay well you know okay um happier happier happier happier happier happier happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing you know I mean so okay well well I mean uh um okay that. It's a conflict of interest. Interest interest interest interest interest interest interest I mean so um you know well I mean you know uh uh well interest interest interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns I mean okay um okay I mean so okay like like like who do do do do do do do do do do do that now. Anyway, I you know I mean I mean I mean okay I mean okay okay uh well saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking looking looking looking looking looking looking I mean you know um okay okay you know you know well um like looking looking looking looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is uh um well you know uh um um okay uh like but it's gonna take a a a a a a a a okay well so well so I mean like you know you know um a a a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona um I mean like uh uh so okay well um you know if that's what you're after. After after after after after after after after after after. Well I mean well uh like okay uh uh like okay. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate so you know okay uh well um uh like well um ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate 50 of them in like I mean I mean like you know um um so I mean okay one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the the the the the the the okay okay like well I mean um you know I mean so I mean the the the the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our like like like I mean like like uh like okay I mean biology midterm. Just shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy like well uh like okay well I mean uh well I mean of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not okay okay so I mean like okay okay well okay so about to to to to to to to to to to to give her up uh like uh uh uh okay I mean well um like for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We We We uh uh okay you know uh like you know um I mean so We We We We We We We We think chili dog will be a so um like well um um well like well I mean great fit in the halls of our school and coming coming coming coming coming well I mean you know um I mean okay uh so so well coming coming coming coming coming coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for like okay so like um okay okay uh you know um both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.