I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They you know so like uh um well you know I mean um uh They They They They They They They They They They were that dude is no um you know um I mean uh so uh like I mean um I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature on on on on on on like you know I mean like I mean I mean so you know well you know on on on on on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was I mean um like um you know so I mean okay well okay so good like like like like like like like like like like like yeah a I mean okay uh um I mean so uh okay I mean so very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was was was was I mean like well you know okay like I mean so well you know was was was was was was was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like uh so okay you know you know well well well um I mean stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like like like like like like like like like like like um you know okay uh well you know like okay like like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like um you know well so okay um like I mean um you know people people people people people people people people people people people you may know I mean um well I mean I mean I mean okay like um so and then I see him and it's like him singing while while while okay so I mean um like I mean okay okay like like while while while while while while while while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like well well I mean um so I mean okay um you know uh crawling on the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so you know like uh like well like like so you know Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like um so I mean like okay um okay well you know well a sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin a coat you know like um okay you know I mean well like okay um on and like the first note of the first song He's already already already you know well so well I mean I mean well um well well already already already already already already already already got the mic out of the mics well okay okay I mean you know well you know you know okay okay and it has got the mic stand up up up up up up up I mean like uh well uh well like so well okay up up up up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.