Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had had um so like you know like um well so uh uh had had had had had had had had had I talked a lot about getting out so well so okay I mean well okay so like I mean of your mind getting out of the head and and and and and and and you know okay uh okay like so well you know so uh and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about so uh um you know so um I mean I mean okay so me and be at at at at at at at at at uh okay I mean like like okay I mean well you know well at at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some I mean okay like well I mean well you know uh well I mean awesome insights on on on on on on on on on on on what well well you know uh so like uh well you know okay she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in in in you know uh okay uh so so uh well well uh in in in in in in in in with source and spirit and so it well uh like like I mean well I mean you know you know um was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some some some some some some some some you know uh okay so like so well so uh you know some some some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently well um um uh like uh uh so like well as I would like. Like like like like like like like like you know okay um like uh I mean okay like okay I mean like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a well I mean well so well uh like like well I mean schedule. I I I I I I I I I I I don't know I mean I mean you know um like well okay um so well exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right right right right I mean uh I mean um you know um like like uh okay right right right right right right right now. So just be on the lookout for you know well you know like so you know I mean uh so well that sometime soon, either you'll find it because because because because because because because because well well well well um uh um okay okay like because because because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.