Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit well you know okay you know I mean well you know okay well okay bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of how we started with here you know so like so so um uh okay uh um on anchor and one of the best things about about about about about about okay I mean uh um well you know I mean uh I mean uh about about about about about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make okay um you know uh you know you know well like so you know a podcast. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a lot okay I mean you know well um well uh I mean uh uh of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right you know I mean uh well um um you know okay so well right right right right right right right right right from your phone or the computer. It's um um well like um well like so uh um as easy as that. So download the free free free free free free free free uh so like uh I mean I mean okay uh you know well free free free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get you know so you know you know so I mean you know I mean you know uh started check check check check check check check check check check check it out. It's I mean well I mean well like like um like you know you know going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this this this this this okay well so I mean okay um you know you know so okay this this this this this this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means well so um I mean so you know well so so so greatness from Small Beginnings will be be be be be be be be well well okay like well so you know so okay um be be be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. Um um well uh I mean okay uh you know uh uh. It doesn't mean you you you you you you you you you you you have okay okay um well uh okay I mean okay well um to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.