Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so well I mean okay um I mean like uh so okay Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we well I mean uh I mean okay I mean um you know I mean uh do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the the the so well so well uh like um um I mean you know the the the the the the audio versions of our videos that were like I mean uh you know you know okay so um okay so originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy so well um like um I mean like well so um enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple okay like uh um well you know I mean like uh I mean podcasts or Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Uh okay well well uh well okay uh well like. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter so okay okay okay you know um okay well you know um Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon like so I mean uh so you know uh I mean you know uh Whistler one word come and say hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi so you know uh I mean well well I mean I mean like well hi hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into uh uh well okay like so so so like I mean it. It it it it it it it it it it. Hello. I'm Simon you know um uh so well I mean um uh uh well with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. Today I mean like so you know okay uh I mean well uh so today today today today today today today today today. We're looking at the okay well okay I mean um um so um like I mean top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different different different different different okay like okay like like okay you know like uh uh different different different different different different most of us go through life and not knowing uh uh okay so so well uh uh um okay who we are or or or or or or or or or or or so uh you know you know I mean um so well like okay what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go okay um I mean I mean I mean uh I mean you know uh okay go go go go go go go go go go through many false starts and like um like okay you know like well so um okay travel through many dead and paths until we find find find find find find find okay okay um like well I mean like uh okay uh find find find find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the well um well uh you know like so um so um same often times the the the the the the the the the the the like well okay uh uh uh so like well uh most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.