Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by so okay you know I mean okay I mean so well uh like Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepción well like I mean you know uh you know okay okay I mean you know Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that that that I mean okay well I mean um you know uh I mean okay uh that that that that that that that that we fought the Revolutionary War for uh well um I mean you know um so I mean okay like a reason but what this country needs is a a a a a a a uh uh you know uh you know I mean I mean well uh well a a a a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying well well uh I mean like okay uh um so like we need a monarch with with with with with with with with with with you know I mean well you know well like like so so um with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal like so well I mean I mean okay I mean well well um Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But I mean like like um well so you know I mean well well look at England right now how much better better better better better better better better uh um okay you know uh okay uh like uh like better better better would our political discourse be if we would just elect you know well you know um um I mean like um like well the king for every every every every every every every every every every every like I mean like so you know you know well you know so like like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But But But But so you know well okay uh like like like um uh But But But But But But But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Okay so you know well you know okay well uh I mean okay. Who's They're as prime minister is is is is is is is is is is you know uh like I mean so you know uh so I mean okay is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy I mean uh okay I mean okay you know well um uh you know or or or or or or or or or or or a gal whose so you know okay uh so um so I mean okay so job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set set set so well okay uh well like okay um like uh set set set set set set set set off. The first fireworks on the fourth okay I mean uh uh uh I mean like like uh like of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.