What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by by by by um uh I mean um so um okay you know uh okay by by by by by by by anchor if you don't know about anchor I mean I mean you know um I mean I mean okay you know well uh it's the platform that we use to make make make make make make make make make well like okay okay I mean well so so uh uh make make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make um um like so well so like you know uh so a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me just break it um I mean um uh well uh I mean you know like uh down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. Free free free free um you know okay so well okay you know you know well so free free free free free free. There's nothing you have to pay for it uh well like um like um like well so like comes with all kinds of of of of of of of of of of of creation um well uh okay um okay like like okay like tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your your I mean I mean like um uh I mean so um like you know your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer wherever you know so um well I mean like okay like you know um it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that that that um uh uh like you know okay um I mean so well that that that that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google so um um I mean well like you know you know well you know podcast, wherever you want to to to to to to to to to uh um I mean like well uh like uh so um to to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. I mean well um uh you know like you know well you know um. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Uh um well like um I mean uh uh um okay. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything everything everything so uh like so um well like okay you know okay everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast okay okay uh uh like you know um so I mean so all in one place. So download download download download download download download download you know um okay I mean um so like like well well download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get uh okay um uh so I mean I mean I mean like uh started. Started started started started started started started started started started. Enjoy the episode you know you know um so well like um uh well you know guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way way way way well like so you know like like so uh uh like way way way way way way way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing you know okay so like like you know like I mean like okay it. Okay. I just reason with with with with with with with with with with with okay uh I mean uh I mean okay okay so um uh myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves thieves uh well like like well so you know you know uh okay thieves thieves thieves thieves thieves thieves thieves thieves thieves comes out with some so so I mean well I mean okay okay like you know uh shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber I mean okay so so well I mean uh um you know uh jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.