Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and well um um I mean like like you know okay like well the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's so well okay I mean you know like okay like um um newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other so I mean uh okay you know okay like I mean like um other other other other other other other other other other words. What are the things? um like so um uh like like so like okay What are the triggers? What are the the the the the the the the okay um okay you know okay well so okay so I mean the the the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior you know I mean you know so you know like well so so okay is it it it it it it it it it it it that they like well so okay well I mean um well uh uh I mean so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract attract attract so uh uh uh so so you know okay so so attract attract attract attract attract attract attract attract women. Well first things first that so uh you know like uh uh like okay uh like we got understand about women is number one. One one one one one one one so you know so um uh I mean like okay like um one one one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions like like I mean so well you know you know okay uh um and women want to be be be be be be be be be be be in a okay um like like um so like so you know um love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude dude dude dude so okay uh well um I mean you know like so okay dude dude dude dude dude dude dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and uh um I mean um you know um like um I mean okay make eye contact and there's just obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously uh so uh okay well well okay like um like obviously obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.