Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more well you know well well um um well okay you know like more more more more more more more more voices in the church talking about um like I mean well like like you know uh I mean well the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast you know you know um like so okay so you know um okay fast fast fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing you know like well um so okay okay I mean uh uh unfolding before our our our our our our our our our our our eyes. There like uh so well like so like um I mean so are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is I mean so so like okay I mean so okay uh um is is is is is is is is is is to start a podcast so uh like so I mean I mean well I mean you know like anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If If If If If uh uh I mean like so so well like I mean okay If If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean okay so okay I mean um uh um so um easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a a well um you know you know uh well I mean okay I mean so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you you you uh so well okay like so okay so so okay you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right well um um like um like okay so so like from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute well you know okay um well like um okay uh so distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple um um like you know okay you know uh you know so I mean podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many more you I mean uh uh I mean so like like so you know well can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership well well um uh you know I mean well well I mean well listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need okay like well like uh um I mean okay well okay to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if well um okay like well so okay I mean um uh if if if if if if you're interested download the free anchor you know uh okay you know you know um well like well so app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- uh you know uh um you know I mean you know well well uh m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.