Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the well like well I mean okay um okay um I mean so global celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star uh um I mean I mean like okay you know uh well so has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an an an an you know you know like like like I mean I mean uh I mean so an an an an an an an American film and television Studio. They are so I mean uh so okay okay um like like so best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe um so you know um like I mean well like so well Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity like so um like so I mean I mean like so like crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm you know well well so uh like so well so uh Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Topic topic okay so I mean you know um you know so uh you know well topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy you know so okay um so okay I mean like okay okay and I took a trip to the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie I mean well uh like uh so you know okay like so movie movie movie movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently like uh um okay okay so uh like okay okay unaware of The Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous actor you know um uh so uh um okay okay you know okay who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered altered altered like so okay I mean um well so you know I mean like altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered that day since then. I've had so so so so I mean you know like I mean uh like a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of of of of of of um um okay I mean you know you know okay well so okay of of of of of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years so okay uh you know I mean so well well uh okay older than me back in October October October October October October October October October October um so you know so you know I mean I mean you know you know so October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.