This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by well um so like you know you know um I mean I mean I mean by by by by by by by by by by anchor the easiest way to well okay you know okay so I mean um you know so well make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free free so well like well you know I mean uh well okay well free free free free free free free free their creation tools that allow you so you know um you know like um so okay so like to record and edit the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like so um well you know so you know okay well you know podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast podcast so okay uh so well uh you know uh um uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on anchor so that it can be well so you know um well so well you know uh so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and well so I mean I mean I mean uh so uh so I mean and and and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make so okay okay like like um like like like I mean money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with you know uh okay um okay um so like well well no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast uh you know um um okay well uh so you know um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go like um you know you know okay you know well uh so so download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app so uh well like like like um okay you know well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's What's What's What's What's What's like like uh uh um um uh so uh okay What's What's What's What's What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. Like you know you know like like so like well I mean uh. We are glad and excited to to to to to to to to to I mean okay um like you know uh uh uh uh I mean to to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a so um I mean you know so so so um you know like good good good good good good good good good good good time. We first off so so well I mean like um uh okay like okay on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.