All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm okay like uh well um well uh like I mean so your host host host host host host host host host host host future and I'm um um so uh like you know okay I mean uh like here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt okay okay okay I mean uh well like uh like so skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt and he's going to join us for the ride I mean you know you know uh I mean okay I mean well you know well on the first ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever episode like um like okay you know um um I mean I mean uh of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't you know uh like okay well I mean you know you know um okay well well well well well well well well well well well can't complain Gil. Dad. Um like uh so you know I mean well so like so. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to to to to to to um so well well I mean like you know um so uh to to to to to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What like I mean well uh uh I mean so um um I mean do you think the the the the the the the the the the the you know you know so like well uh uh uh like you know goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me uh like like you know uh well um you know you know um let let let let let let let let let let let me try to like I mean so you know so so uh okay uh you know Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start start start start start start so okay so you know okay you know uh uh so um start start start start start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord okay okay okay like uh you know uh I mean okay okay server bunch of people were were were were were were were were were were I mean okay you know like you know I mean well I mean you know you know were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and uh well like you know okay um well okay um so stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.