Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you um uh like you know like you know uh you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you a little bit today like like okay um you know you know you know okay so well about some happen to me the other day and they've asked asked asked asked uh you know so um um okay uh um okay I mean asked asked asked asked asked asked asked me if I tell you about it just like uh you know well like I mean well I mean you know okay because it kind of changed my life. I I I I I I I I I uh like uh I mean uh you know like like okay so I I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life um um uh uh well well you know you know um so changed everybody's life. Life life life life life life life life life life. So I was like like you know uh I mean okay you know so like so down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and and and okay um um well okay so um so well so and and and and and and and and I was trying to steal couple I mean you know um you know well so well you know I mean you know parts because my Ford ain't working right and and and and and and and um so so okay um uh uh I mean well uh and and and and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters well well so you know you know okay um like uh you know kind of stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid and he um I mean I mean um like so well well um like was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to to to well you know you know I mean um uh I mean okay well uh to to to to to to to to take a seat right there. Tie I mean I mean okay so uh I mean like um okay uh a seat right there. He said I want want want want want want want want want well you know uh okay you know I mean like um okay I mean want want to tell you about something that I found out they if you like you know uh like I mean so like like okay you know you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about it. I well you know you know um well okay okay okay well so think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says says says says says you know you know well I mean you know well so I mean well you know says says says says says says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way like so um you know uh so well I mean like okay imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.