Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go okay okay I mean uh like like well um you know okay to to to to to to to to to to to youtube.com slash Gary like okay you know uh okay so you know okay um like Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last last last um I mean like um you know like I mean you know uh so last last last last last last last last time I promoted weekly be I can't um you know okay so so um like um so well believe the comments people are kind of of of of of of of of of of of I mean uh um um I mean okay like like you know well like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things so you know so okay okay uh okay I mean I mean you know that that that that that that that that that that that nature. I'm super flattered super excited so uh okay I mean like so um like uh um about it. This weekly be a a a a a a a a a a a um uh so like like well well uh I mean uh super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, I mean uh um so well I mean like uh you know like then then then then then then then then then then then there's a really epic. Like um um well okay okay uh like like so. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the the the the the the um well um uh okay so well okay I mean well the the the the the team that I own in the Call of Duty League you know uh I mean so so okay so um you know uh the minority owner along with with with with with with with with with with with the okay okay I mean uh uh you know well uh um okay event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset mindset mindset you know like um well um you know okay like like like mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset about business and operations and marketing so well I mean so okay uh uh okay like I mean of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports I mean so uh well uh so so I mean I mean I mean Sports Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with um um you know like you know you know you know um I mean um an incredibly credibly fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fashion um you know I mean so okay okay so uh so okay brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.