Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when when when you know so you know uh like um like so uh well when when when when when when when when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having I mean okay you know well you know like um you know like you know a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice Nice uh well like I mean um you know so okay you know uh Nice Nice Nice Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend well okay um uh okay okay like um you know so and beautiful fashion. We have have have have have have have have have have have conversation well so um like um you know okay okay uh okay with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Orleans Orleans well so so um um so um um um I mean Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want um uh um well you know so uh uh um I mean to hear the answer from has a very very very very very very very very um uh uh uh uh so okay I mean um uh very very very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all you know okay uh um uh you know like okay okay well the other other other other other other other other other other other conversation that um I mean okay uh well you know uh I mean so okay you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough enough enough okay um you know I mean um um um uh you know uh enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough for choosing to listen to this show. You know so I mean I mean well well um okay okay um. I mean you could do a lot of other things with with with with I mean well uh so okay like you know okay I mean um with with with with with with with your earholes right now. A lot of the so so okay like uh you know okay I mean well you know things people say you shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't okay like you know uh well uh uh like uh so shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. Like so you know uh so I mean um um so you know. I love love love love love love love love love love love me too. Well I mean um okay so I mean like um like uh. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though though um okay like you know like okay I mean you know okay um though though though though though though though though though because they you know, the Hand okay you know uh okay you know well well um like I mean against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.