Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes like okay I mean so you know like uh you know so uh jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this so well like you know like so like you know so like episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to to to to to to to like uh okay like you know like well um so okay to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest um you know uh so uh well you know like you know uh way way way way way way way way way way way to make a like you know well I mean I mean like like like you know so podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. It it um I mean I mean so okay I mean uh so like okay it it it it it it it it. There's a creation tools that allow I mean well you know like you know like uh like well like you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right um um like well like um well well okay you know right right right right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes I mean um uh uh uh so so uh okay so your pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can okay well okay well well well like okay you know I mean be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you you you you you you so um okay you know so so you know well like I mean you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership you know so so okay so okay you know um well okay and it's everything you you you you you you you you you you you need to well okay um I mean like okay I mean like okay um make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker tinker tinker tinker you know um uh well so uh you know well you know okay tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker app or go to Anchor dot. Like so you know you know okay uh uh well okay um. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that that that that that that um okay you know um um um I mean um I mean um that that that that that works. That was good cool. I started I started I um uh okay um uh so so uh well okay don't give a a a a a a a a a a a fuck. I started uh you know um so well you know you know okay you know I mean sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.