Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to so um well well I mean so well uh so you know to to to to to to to to to to talk about this movie. Okay I mean so well I mean I mean you know you know well like. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this this this this this this so like so okay um I mean um okay okay well this this this this this is like a real roller coaster. It was like like um well so I mean you know well so like just like one of those old can can can can can can can can can can I mean you know you know so uh uh well um you know I mean can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to well uh um like so I mean um okay uh um get into but but but but but but but but but but but I know okay okay you know well uh you know uh well I mean like that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily like okay I mean like well I mean like um okay so easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily talk about this for a minute. So well you know um I mean uh uh like okay you know. There's a lot to talk about and it feels feels feels feels feels feels okay I mean um I mean okay um well um you know uh feels feels feels feels feels like are we getting into it or my so I mean uh so well like you know uh like um okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, I mean you know I mean um I mean you know I mean so you know well Okay, Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. Um okay um I mean um you know like you know like I mean. My name name name name name name name name name name name is Arthur so well well so I mean you know okay uh uh well tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Mr Mr Mr so like I mean um okay like well well I mean like Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.