Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on on uh okay you know okay okay um so I mean like uh on on on on on on on on on and show Paul took one sec. Okay um uh so I mean well I mean you know like uh. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli Eli Eli Eli Eli so well uh well uh well well you know um uh Eli Eli Eli Eli Eli Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this okay like well okay okay I mean uh you know uh well is the first episode. We're trying to get get get get get get get get get you know like uh you know like um um uh um so get get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night um okay I mean so you know you know so you know uh you know and and and and and and and and and and and decided that um well I mean well you know uh okay okay so well fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. Are are I mean okay well okay so okay um uh you know I mean are are are are are are are are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what I mean you know you know I mean like I mean uh okay like I mean we normally do every weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, I mean so like uh so you know well okay uh um but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group group so uh you know like uh uh well so like uh group group group group group group group group group you're our thoughts and certain Interest like like like well so um I mean so okay like on topics throughout this community huge shout out out out out out out out out you know um so um well you know like um like I mean out out out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're like um well uh I mean like like well um I mean basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically famous. Right? Well, I mean I mean okay you know um uh I mean uh so like I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and and and and so I mean I mean you know uh well I mean so well uh and and and and and and and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.