What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of of of of like I mean I mean I mean like okay like I mean I mean okay of of of of of of of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. Uh you know um like uh um so you know I mean well. I'm the owner and operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator you know so so well so uh so okay so well of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our I mean so like so so I mean so you know so I mean topic is is is is is is is is is is is all about why circuit you know um okay well I mean okay I mean um you know okay workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in in in in in in um okay you know I mean so well uh I mean okay uh in in in in in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much you know okay uh uh uh well well you know like uh for this idea because because because because because because because because because because so you know okay like okay so like uh um so because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. Well I mean um so like well um okay um well. I put put put put put put put put put put put out our mixed in well you know uh well like so like uh I mean you know some form of a circuit. So you want to know why why why why why okay okay okay well um you know you know I mean well you know why why why why why why that is. Is it something that really is you know like you know like I mean like okay um uh um better for cyclists. Is it just just just just just just just just just just I mean you know you know you know so I mean um I mean uh I mean just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the uh um well uh um okay uh well like well science science science science science science science science science science science and we're also going uh okay well so uh okay well uh well okay to break down some reality because you know, all the the the the the the the uh um okay you know I mean you know so I mean um um the the the the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life so I mean well uh um I mean um well like well factors. I think so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, we'll talk okay uh well well um uh like uh so so about both and then really why I choose to do them and and and and well um uh like like you know okay okay you know you know and and and and and and and why I do believe that it is optimal uh so I mean um you know I mean I mean like okay I mean for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.