I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that that that I mean I mean like um uh I mean well like well so that that that that that that that that real quick was just absolutely not so uh so um I mean you know well like well well no just try to see if I don't like like like like like like like like well I mean okay like um uh so okay okay so like like like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you I mean I mean like uh um uh you know okay I mean um always you always you you you you you you you you you you you always I mean so uh you know you know you know I mean well okay you know had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew Andrew Andrew you know um I mean um um well you know okay I mean okay Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew had cast all about couples and the I mean like like I mean um you know I mean well okay okay things they go through we are are are are are are are are are are okay I mean okay you know um so you know so you know uh are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people okay well um so well uh um I mean like I mean to clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify clarify like like so you know uh you know well uh well so what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love like like so so I mean uh okay you know you know like Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Languages So today, um I mean well I mean uh like like you know well so we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are are are are are I mean uh um I mean okay um like um like like are are are are are are and why we think they're important. But before like uh well I mean like uh like um like so we get into it, if you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys um you know um I mean you know I mean um okay so uh guys guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're um um okay so I mean you know like so okay okay you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening that really helps like well okay okay I mean like uh okay like I mean us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. Well well well well well well like um uh like um I mean you know like uh so well well well well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.