This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find okay uh um okay um like well um you know like us go go go go go go go go go go go to youtube.com slash read well well uh um um so um okay um okay it readers or click the link in the description below. Below below below below below well uh well okay uh like um um um you know below below below below below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and like so like uh um uh uh like I mean well welcome back to our / Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty so like I mean uh so well uh okay you know I mean Petty Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories okay you know like um you know so like um um okay over those those those those those those those those those those those who dared to cross okay uh well well well so um so um well them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Paintball paintball paintball okay um okay okay so um I mean like well okay paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So so well well you know um I mean like uh so um this happened to me years ago to the details may may may may may so okay uh uh I mean like okay uh okay okay may may may may may may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I okay so okay like uh like um you know you know uh was in Middle School. My My My My My My My My My uh uh uh you know so um I mean okay I mean so My My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go you know uh I mean like like so you know well you know I mean into the Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy so you know okay uh you know you know so you know I mean well so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits recruits okay well well um so I mean I mean like um well recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits to hang out while they uh I mean um um like you know um you know um you know wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.