Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper um uh um uh okay okay um I mean so I mean Outpost the the the the the the the the the the the joy of junk journals. So like uh um you know okay so uh you know well. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually actually actually okay okay well so you know okay I mean um uh you know actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually making books and when you think about um uh like I mean uh so um you know um you know this, this is really a mind-blowing event event event event event event event event okay um I mean well I mean um I mean well um so event event event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is um like you know well so well uh so like I mean really one one one one one one one one one one one of so you know I mean um you know okay uh you know like you know those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off off like uh so well like okay like well uh um off off off off off off off off off if they made a book at like um uh okay well well um you know I mean so least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot parrot parrot parrot parrot parrot parrot I mean okay like you know well so so you know um uh parrot parrot parrot parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely okay well okay I mean okay well like I mean you know okay keep making those books. Books books books books books books books books books books. We um um um well so well I mean so um like need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's it's so um well so well well okay uh um I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all going digital and we just don't um okay well okay um um well um so like have much of a record anymore with everything everything everything everything everything everything everything okay I mean so you know um you know you know well you know like everything everything everything everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.