Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but but but but okay you know um um so like uh like you know so but but but but but but but I'll be hood forever. I'm living sinatra. So okay um uh okay I mean uh well okay I mean. And since I made it here here here here here here here here here here here I mean like well I mean okay like I mean um uh um I can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it okay like you know you know like like well so okay well it it it it it it it it it it on them everyone. Welcome okay um so uh like I mean like so you know okay back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here here here here here here um okay I mean you know uh so uh uh okay like here here here here here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. You know well uh well uh you know uh like you know uh. I'm very excited about about about about about about about about about about about you you know well uh like okay so I mean I mean I mean I mean Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind uh so you know well um you know I mean um you know so kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the one I mean I mean um okay I mean I mean I mean uh okay uh of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving diving uh um like um you know you know um well so uh diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving Until like actual key Concepts and like well I mean um like well well um you know uh other things going to talk about besides just just just just just just well okay um I mean well so well so uh um just just just just just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today I mean I mean uh uh like um you know um so okay and that this episode is is is is is is is is is is so um um I mean so um you know um uh I mean is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll I'll okay okay you know like okay so okay like um I mean I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll dive real quick into what do we uh um uh I mean uh um so you know well so mean by that? We obviously there's a difference difference difference difference difference difference well uh well like uh like you know so you know you know difference difference difference difference difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what okay like uh like well well so um okay um are you talking about? So I'll break it it it it it it it um okay so uh okay um I mean uh well you know it it it it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came uh I mean like okay so like uh I mean okay okay up with one more thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing um well like so I mean I mean so uh you know I mean thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to to to like so you know I mean so uh you know I mean so um to to to to to to to to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.