Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host okay uh so okay um like you know you know like um Luke Aven. I I I I I I I I I I I hope like uh uh okay um uh uh uh you know I mean everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank thank I mean I mean um uh you know like well you know okay I mean thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you to everyone who has been supporting so um um okay um you know I mean like I mean I mean the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following following following following following following following following like you know you know uh I mean um you know you know I mean um following following following and just giving a real sense of community around this so well so I mean I mean I mean so so like uh podcast. So thank you you you you you you you you you you you I mean well you know okay okay so uh you know uh uh to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action well well um like you know um like I mean well um and and and and and and and and and and and the repercussions of well like so um um okay so like well I mean everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of of well like well uh um uh uh um I mean uh of of of of of of of of of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing like um well okay you know uh so like um okay to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing you know um so well so well uh um uh okay disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that so um so uh well okay you know so so okay you go off is 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil um well I mean so you know um you know so you know uh 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one well so so well I mean okay you know so well well exactly one point point point point point point point point point point point off you know uh well uh uh so okay like um so of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.