Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, so okay well like so so uh like uh well Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, if you've been following us um I mean like well so like um um okay uh over the past couple of episodes you would have have have have have have have um you know uh like you know I mean you know you know so you know have have have have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner I mean uh you know like I mean uh okay well like well lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Dr dr dr dr dr dr dr well well I mean uh I mean uh okay well so uh dr dr dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had well okay um I mean um you know okay okay okay like Matt Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler Candler join us you know so uh okay like well like well well okay talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue continue continue continue continue okay you know like um so so so uh you know uh continue continue continue continue continue continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the so okay you know uh you know like you know well so um mrs. Camera. Joining us and and and and and and and and and and and she um uh uh so I mean uh well you know okay you know talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to um you know you know you know okay like okay so uh um us as as as as as as as as as as as a gift as I mean like you know um uh okay you know you know okay so we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana Dana Dana Dana um um okay um well like so uh I mean um Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana for joining us right here uh um uh um you know well so uh uh um with you guys. So your mom you're a a a a a a I mean I mean uh like like you know like you know well well a a a a a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a like okay I mean um so uh I mean so so I mean long time. So you've obviously spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent like like okay um so you know so so I mean um hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind you know well I mean uh uh I mean like okay like um kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.