Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content content like um um I mean okay I mean you know um like so content content content content content content content content content that if you listen you know you know um uh uh okay like well so like to my stuff for free every single day if you you you you you you um um so okay so okay well you know um you know you you you you you listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over so uh okay okay I mean you know you know okay okay you know 10 years worth of content. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's um well uh okay um well uh okay you know you know There's There's There's over tick like you can listen to me once a okay uh I mean I mean I mean you know so like so like day for 10 straight years years years years years years years years years years years like like like so you know um you know um so uh and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years uh like well uh well uh um I mean well so years years years years years years years years Cam Newton start listening to like uh okay um okay you know so so you know well me and middle school and high school. Then he went to to to to to to to well um well you know so like okay okay I mean like to to to to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he um uh um well okay um okay like so like went to the pros pros pros pros pros pros pros pros pros pros pros uh so okay um well you know okay uh um so and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the the well well uh you know so okay you know okay like okay the the the the the the the the the hood who didn't have fathers. Well I mean okay um so I mean so like um I mean. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to to to to to uh okay so uh you know so uh well so uh to to to to to to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went uh so okay I mean I mean so um well like so to the NFL. They took their their their their their their their their their their their okay um um you know um uh so like you know I mean daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became well uh uh you know um so so so uh like CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.