Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have have so well uh well okay well so so okay uh have have have have have have have have have Koozies in my nightstand in my well I mean I mean um uh okay well well so uh dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the the the the the the the like okay okay well okay okay um uh so so the the the the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. Um well okay so well like uh um you know you know. I've like I I I I I I I I I I I stole like like you know okay okay like well uh um like that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I I I I I mean um well um okay okay like so uh uh I I I I I I I know make sure you give me a uh you know like you know I mean you know so okay uh um Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and and and and and and and uh okay you know I mean you know okay so okay I mean so and and and and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on I mean so so well okay uh like uh uh I mean my counters, who's they also also also also also also also also also also okay uh um so uh I mean I mean I mean you know well also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. Like okay you know um I mean um I mean so okay so. It it it it it it it it it it. I dig it. It's like so well I mean you know like like well uh well fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may may may may uh I mean okay uh okay uh uh like so like may may may may may may may it may not even like been friends. Like um like um uh you know uh I mean so so. I don't know. I just know that when when when when when when when when when you know okay um uh um well like like okay you know when when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could you know you know um well uh okay so okay like okay steal the the the the the the the the the the the most Koozies so like I mean uh um you know well like um well and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.