Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at at okay like so uh uh you know I mean so well um at at at at at at at at at Tommy's high school. So I thought I mean so okay uh like so like like so you know maybe I would go around and do something special a a a a a so well I mean uh I mean so you know you know um okay a a a a a a little bit different going to go like I mean I mean um I mean you know okay well so um around and ask random teachers if they want want want want want want want I mean so uh okay okay I mean you know well you know so want want want want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm well uh like so uh like uh okay okay you know going to pull a a a a a a a a a a a I mean well well well okay uh so so um I mean question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going going um uh like so you know um um uh you know like going going going going going going going going going to answer it and uh uh uh okay um uh like well you know so we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the the the the okay so you know uh um so um I mean well you know the the the the the the the meantime, I want to let you know that uh I mean like you know like okay so okay you know uh tomorrow. We have another official guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest well so um um um you know okay so you know well guest guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two you know well well uh like okay I mean okay so um two two two two two two two two two two Blue devils. Well so so well uh like um well like I mean. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share share share share I mean I mean so well like so um so uh I mean share share share share share share share with you is unbelievable. So you want to uh uh okay so uh like I mean okay you know well make sure you tune in this weekend. Weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend uh I mean you know okay uh well so well like well weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.