Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't okay uh uh I mean okay well uh um uh uh ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a so uh like um um okay uh okay I mean um very mean and nasty place and I don't don't don't don't don't don't okay um okay well so um uh I mean like well don't don't don't don't don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to I mean I mean okay I mean well uh well uh um so your knees and keep you you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well so you know I mean well you know well so there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as um okay you know okay like you know so okay well uh hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard as life, but um okay you know uh well you know you know okay um you know it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard hard hard I mean well so well so um uh well okay uh hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard you can get hit and keep moving like well uh so uh so okay okay I mean uh forward how much you can take and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep um like uh um um um I mean okay okay um keep keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth okay uh you know you know you know so you know um so you know worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth then go out and get what okay so well uh you know you know um okay you know okay you're worth. But you gotta be willing to to to to to to to to I mean okay I mean so so like okay um uh like to to to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you know um like you know uh like like I mean so I mean you wanna be because because because because because because because because because because okay like okay um so like well so I mean I mean because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't ain't um I mean um uh uh uh like well so you know ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't you you better than well uh okay well like I mean okay well uh so that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep keep keep keep keep you know like you know well I mean okay okay um like okay keep keep keep keep keep keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.