Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal Universal um okay well I mean well well I mean like I mean uh Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal spiritual principles and like I mean uh okay okay um like uh okay like ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My My My My My um like um okay uh well uh you know you know well My My My My My My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to I mean okay well um okay so okay okay so well simplifying the spiritual side of successful with with with with with with with with with you know um um um well so um like like uh with with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical um I mean uh so you know um well so I mean um tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to create radical transformations in um I mean so like okay you know you know um um uh your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and and and and and I mean uh you know like um so well I mean well okay and and and and and and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so well so I mean like um so I mean well you know so our special guest today is Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie well uh you know like so um I mean um so like Julie Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner like you know okay uh I mean um okay so I mean so and she also also also also also also also also also also also uh so I mean okay like uh like uh so like happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, Oh, uh um well I mean I mean I mean I mean okay you know I mean Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so uh so well I mean uh like uh so I mean uh we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness I mean like you know I mean um um well you know like okay forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.