Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff I mean okay so well I mean um okay um so uh Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode 22 of Darren my so okay you know well I mean I mean well you know so okay fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk talk talk okay okay okay I mean like okay I mean uh I mean like talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to people much more interesting than you know okay okay um like uh well okay okay I mean myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance uh um so well so like I mean uh um um freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one um like okay uh I mean like like like well okay she's got a mortgage. I'm on the the the the the the the the well um like so so um okay I mean uh so the the the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having you know uh so like like you know so okay you know you know me me me me me me me me me me me alone. We like you know uh uh uh you know well okay I mean so were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because uh uh so well uh okay you know uh um like because because because because because because because because because because you run around the well so so so uh like so I mean okay well world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. On on on on I mean uh okay you know so um like so like uh on on on on on on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for like I mean well so like um so so well well me to to to to to to to to to to to be somebody that so okay uh so like um I mean okay um I mean answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best best um okay um um uh so I mean you know like I mean best best best best best best best best best real lovely. I also feel bad okay like so well I mean I mean uh so I mean like as well because obviously this morning you were on on on on on on on so um um um okay I mean like okay uh uh on on on on the road. It was on a phone in or do I mean okay I mean um so uh you know uh you know um you have to go go go go go go go go go go go to Studio so um um uh okay like okay I mean okay uh ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was was was was so I mean well um um okay like okay I mean you know was was was was was was was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day I mean okay so like I mean okay you know you know uh um events, and I was on on on on on on on on on on on okay well uh okay uh I mean well so I mean you know really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.