What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? well you know well uh so I mean okay okay you know um patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon Folks at home. You know so well uh I mean so well so uh like. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor anchor anchor well I mean well you know well um you know you know you know you know anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which by the way is like well like well you know uh I mean um okay um like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me me me me me me me me like uh okay well um like like well like like me me me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that you know so you know um I mean uh I mean well okay okay allows you to to to to to to to to to to to record you know okay okay okay you know you know okay well I mean you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your I mean um like okay um uh okay like you know well your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can so well uh um okay okay so um um like be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other other other other I mean well you know okay uh well you know um you know so other other other other other other other places and when you're ready to start monetizing uh you know so you know you know okay um um so uh your podcast anchor Make it easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy with so okay you know well so so well like well you know minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Place place place like okay uh so I mean uh like uh well uh place place place place place place place. Honestly. I wish I joined uh so so like okay well um okay okay okay sooner download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to uh uh um I mean you know um I mean well well um to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.