Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no um so um I mean well like okay so well uh no no no no no no no no no further. If you haven't heard of well you know um like like I mean well like okay um anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast like I mean well you know like I mean so uh um um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't you know you know you know like so okay um uh like uh have to pay to host your your your your your your your your your your you know so uh uh okay like I mean like like um your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast so okay like I mean so so well you know okay you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or I mean I mean okay you know well so like I mean uh well computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you know I mean like um um uh uh um like okay for for for for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep I mean okay so so uh so you know um so you know host your RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS feed well uh you know you know um okay you know uh um uh to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and and and and um like okay uh well um okay um so okay and and and and and and and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no so so uh you know uh you know so so so so minimum listenership. It's everything that that that that that that that that that that well uh like well uh like I mean you know like you know that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say like so you know I mean so so I mean uh okay you know you want want want want want want want want want want want to get it out. You so I mean okay so so so okay I mean like um want to write a note just upload and turn on your your your I mean like okay okay so like um well like like your your your your your your your your anchor app on your um you know okay you know okay you know like so well well phone and hit record and save notes to your library to to to I mean so okay um well you know well I mean like uh to to to to to to to to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.