Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first like like like I mean like I mean you know well I mean so first first first first first first first first first first time we're going to talk about okay well um I mean um like well you know you know uh the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going going going going going so well so like okay so um I mean I mean um going going going going going going to talk to a real live student graduate of so so I mean like well uh well so okay you know Acres of diamonds miss any coughlin. Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin Coughlin okay so um I mean um so well well so okay Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have um like uh I mean like so well well like so have have have have have have have have have have it wrong. Good week. Do uh um uh like I mean well well like well um you have your parents on speed dog? We talk talk talk talk talk talk you know um you know okay well okay uh like um um talk talk talk talk talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't you know I mean like well uh well well you know uh like call him. Oh, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so you know um so well like I mean well like uh probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If I mean you know I mean um uh uh I mean um well uh If If If If If If If If If If you think we you know so um uh um I mean like you know you know so can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust trust trust trust okay so I mean so you know well you know I mean okay uh trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me trust me. Well, I talked to um I mean you know well I mean I mean like you know okay I mean Marcus. So I'm assuming you can can can can can can can can can can I mean well okay um I mean uh I mean you know okay okay can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right well uh you know you know I mean like so you know you know so away, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.