The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th um you know so so well uh okay well so I mean 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode of the lacks you know well like okay like um uh um uh so Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. Show show show show show show um so so uh well I mean I mean you know you know so show show show show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La crosse. Um like I mean okay I mean okay okay you know well I mean. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk I mean okay so so like um uh I mean like uh Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at I mean like um like so like um I mean uh okay at at at at at at at at at at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse uh like uh um uh like okay um so okay at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at maryland. Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland so I mean okay like well so um um so I mean Maryland Maryland Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse well uh so well I mean well like okay like like Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse to sneak into this show well uh um so I mean you know uh so well I mean here before I get into it as as as as as as as as as as well like um well um okay like so I mean like as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go like okay you know well okay okay um well you know uh to to to to to to to to to to to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some you know uh like uh um so uh you know uh you know swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts I mean um um um okay so I mean I mean like okay t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little um uh well well uh I mean so so okay I mean bit from from from from from from from from from from from our sponsor sideline swap like well like so so okay okay like um like best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse I mean like um uh so you know like well you know you know Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.