Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that well I mean so okay uh uh well you know like okay that that that that that that that that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. Okay you know okay uh like okay so okay uh um. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori um like I mean you know I mean um uh okay uh you know Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Uh so uh you know okay okay um um okay I mean. Do you you you you you you you you you you you want to receive a like like you know um you know like uh uh like uh special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week week week week week like so so you know so okay um you know you know well week week week week week week be a part of a Nori book club like you know um um uh uh uh so uh okay get special access to Nori events. Go take take take take take take take take take well well you know I mean you know okay you know uh I mean well take take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in um like okay okay okay uh okay uh you know okay that Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit of being lean well okay okay well like I mean like well like uh and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like like you know so I mean you know okay so well so you know okay like like like like like like like like like to do this list of goodies like okay well so I mean well okay you know well I mean is subject to change and we'd very much like your your your your okay um like like well so okay well I mean well your your your your your your your feedback. Is there something that you'd like okay I mean um so so uh well like so really like to see but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't I mean like um so I mean like so um well so isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to well uh okay well like um um okay uh well to to to to to to to to to to you. You can send an okay you know okay uh like so uh so like you know email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our our our our our our okay um you know well you know so um you know um you know our our our our our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can um well so okay you know I mean okay okay okay so find at nor e.com subscribe, and and and and and and and and and you know uh uh you know okay okay so um you know well and and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.