Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. Like okay like you know like I mean uh you know uh I mean. It is is is is is is is is is is is right now. It uh so okay I mean so um uh okay okay okay is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance you know I mean well I mean well so okay like you know I mean Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance coming through later today. But like so I mean well well I mean so okay um um until she gets here it is just yo boys. Boys boys boys boys boys uh you know um uh well well I mean uh well so boys boys boys boys boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the okay um you know I mean I mean like okay like well I mean back to the roots. Roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots. You know okay uh uh uh uh um I mean so okay. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back I mean well you know okay um um okay uh like okay Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back In Town. That's another good well uh okay well uh okay uh like well you know way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs um I mean so so well like um okay well I mean dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you like okay well you know you know um so uh I mean um say that I wouldn't have chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen I mean I mean well I mean well I mean um I mean well I mean chosen chosen chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? you know like okay you know like I mean like like uh so Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, as long as so well um um okay like uh uh well you know you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right right right right okay you know uh you know so like so you know well I mean right right right right right right right to see random things. I support um well I mean okay uh I mean uh okay okay I mean my right to party and you always you got got got got got got got okay I mean well um like well like um I mean uh got got got got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always I mean well you know uh okay well I mean like okay uh heard always said said said said said said said said said said said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.