What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope you know well I mean okay so uh so um so like hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope y'all are growing in your um um well so I mean um uh I mean okay um faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, you know um so so okay so like okay so you know Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, like uh uh so uh uh I mean um so uh smash the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. If uh I mean you know well I mean okay so so uh um you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If If well uh you know I mean so so well um like um If If If If If If If If If you could smash the Subscribe button, uh um like uh I mean well uh like I mean uh it means a lot to us and it it it it it it it it well like you know uh you know well um well I mean um it it it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm I mean like um well you know I mean uh well I mean uh works. Anyways now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let well you know like um well like like I mean well um me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All All All I mean I mean um so okay um you know you know um like All All All All All All All All right, and you'll work on this okay like so uh so um so so you know um entry. We need to do something about that, that, that, that, that, that, that, okay um like um uh like you know um well okay that, that, that, that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power I mean I mean um well okay like well you know you know you know just like I'm a a a a a a a a a a a I mean well so okay like uh I mean I mean you know um skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are okay okay so well well well you know you know um so still still still still still still still still still still still on our demonic Church so you know okay I mean I mean um um well like so teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and and and and I mean okay I mean well uh um like okay um well and and and and and and and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.