Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the you know okay um um like okay um uh um well the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you um so so like okay like like I mean like you know haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a like uh like uh like like you know um uh okay a a a a a a a podcast. Let me tell you why first so okay so um like like um so I mean I mean of all, it's because it's free. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, so okay you know like okay so uh well so I mean Also, Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well uh so okay um okay well so you know like podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone I mean I mean well like um like I mean uh um okay or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You you you you you you know like okay um you know you know like okay uh so you you you you you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher well you know uh um um like uh like so well or any pod catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher out like well okay like you know I mean you know I mean well uh there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no no okay you know um uh like okay um like you know well no no no no no no no no no minimum. Ownership required is everything well okay uh so okay you know so you know so uh you need to make a podcast all in one place? place place place place place so uh so um okay you know like well you know you know place place place place place So check out anchor download the anchor app or check like uh so you know um like uh so I mean so out anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f um um like well you know um like so so um m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do um um I mean like uh well uh you know well like do do do do do do do do do do it, you know, when I mean well um okay um uh uh uh uh so you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk talk talk talk um like so well uh uh so I mean like okay talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about that for like that like mid break um so uh you know well well um okay um so part where you put like an an an an an an an an an an you know you know you know um um I mean um okay um um an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing you know uh I mean well well like uh uh okay you know and then then then then then then then then then then then we get back I mean like like okay uh well you know so you know I mean into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.