three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very uh so I mean like like like I mean um okay like very very very very very very very very very very very excited. It's you know I mean uh you know so uh like you know you know um 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers so okay like you know so okay okay like like so paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers in the world here in the suppressor um okay so okay okay well okay you know uh so Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to to to to to to to I mean okay like well you know like like um well well to to to to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the well you know so um like like well well okay like world. He He He He He He He He He He He like you know you know like you know I mean like um uh um does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today so um okay well I mean um um like um you know today today today today today today today today today today is not just because uh okay uh okay like um uh okay so I mean he's a champion off the water, but he's done done done done done done done so you know I mean I mean I mean okay you know like um I mean done done done done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years um uh so I mean okay I mean you know okay you know okay James Casey. Welcome to Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, so you know so I mean uh I mean um you know um well Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. Like like uh you know like uh so um I mean well. So So So So So So So So So So So you'd In the flesh. Uh so um um well I mean so like um okay. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the the the the you know so well I mean um you know so I mean so uh the the the the the the the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm like you know you know so I mean well so well you know like really excited. It was looking not so good good good good good good well okay okay um so like okay okay like so good good good good good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung um uh uh so you know like well you know you know like around and they grinding going going going going going going going going going going going to um like well you know like like like well well well be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.