If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some okay like you know okay uh uh um you know so okay some some some some some some some some some some workouts at home, um like um um okay like um okay uh well if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle struggle like like like uh uh I mean you know so you know uh struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle to find the time or um so uh okay well so so well you know okay if you travel a lot then you need this this this this this this um okay you know so uh um so well I mean uh this this this this this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da so uh uh okay well uh well well you know um Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Again again again again again again again again again okay okay I mean well um I mean so I mean so so again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan uh like like like okay you know so you know I mean I mean which which which which which which which which which which which consists of three workouts well uh um um uh so well okay okay uh every single week all different workouts. You also get access to to to uh okay okay so um uh I mean you know well okay to to to to to to to to the audio trainer app. Which like I mean like like like you know so um you know I mean has all video tutorials of how to do every single single single single well uh uh uh okay I mean uh like well okay single single single single single single single exercise on the plant. No equipment okay well okay I mean um uh well like okay um needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair chair chair chair um okay well I mean I mean like well okay okay okay chair chair chair chair chair chair chair up some point, but very very very minimal okay uh you know well um uh you know I mean uh um equipment and stuff that you can find find find find find find find find like like uh well like so um you know I mean uh find find find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any um I mean you know okay like so okay like so um of them questions at at at at at at at at at at at the well okay well uh okay okay uh well well well start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the okay uh I mean like um um okay um well well moment. Moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.