Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Uh you know um you know um uh like uh well well. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to The Filling like so I mean so uh you know you know uh I mean okay Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would would would uh well I mean um uh like like well I mean well would would would would would would would would like to talk about with your view to uh okay well well um okay um like I mean like give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We We We We We We We well I mean I mean well um uh um like like okay We We We We hope you find the stories entertaining but so so you know okay uh so so um well um more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything I mean okay you know like you know uh so um like okay everything everything everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are um you know well well so you know like uh um you know outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside the uh uh okay well okay you know you know I mean well like great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it it okay like like uh I mean uh uh I mean like well it it it it it it it it it is hella windy here. Um okay uh I mean like so I mean I mean well so. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows well well so like well okay well okay you know um knows knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit uh okay uh so okay like okay I mean okay so and stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. People you know I mean I mean you know okay like so so um okay kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. Um um you know uh you know well so well I mean okay. This this this this this this this this this this. How'd you guys cope? I mean uh uh okay you know okay uh okay uh you know There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Yourself yourself yourself yourself I mean I mean I mean you know I mean you know well so like like yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has uh well you know okay you know uh uh um uh so been a meeting that's been in the the the the the the the the the the okay well I mean okay okay okay like I mean uh okay the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.