At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a okay so well uh I mean uh you know like I mean like a a a a a a a a a Southern state flooding most of the well so uh I mean um uh so so you know uh many counties since the water was about six feet feet feet feet feet well okay uh like like so so um I mean um feet feet feet feet feet feet deep outside and inside their house one family so so like I mean so well okay so um well spent its time sitting on the porch roof roof roof roof roof roof roof so like uh so okay uh uh okay well I mean roof roof roof roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to um okay well uh uh uh you know I mean uh well notice a nice Straw Hat as as as as as as as as like well I mean so okay like like uh well I mean as as as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost well well uh well okay well you know uh well I mean that that that that that that that that that that that hat is very well okay well um uh um okay I mean so okay sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around Around Around Around well you know well so well okay uh well well so Around Around Around Around Around Around Around the corner of the house the boy kept well you know like um I mean um so um I mean um on watching the river suddenly much to to to to to to to to to uh you know you know so I mean uh um like so you know to to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was like uh so um you know um I mean so I mean um obviously very strange. Strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange. So the um so I mean well you know you know uh um well uh lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner corner corner corner um you know I mean um uh uh well uh uh well corner corner corner corner corner corner corner of the house and came floating back um uh well well um um you know well I mean you know down again after a while. It came back back back back back back back well um okay um uh so you know you know you know well back back back back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.