For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, so I mean uh well you know I mean so I mean uh okay we we we we we we we we we we we save teachers hours each week well you know um you know you know I mean uh well okay um by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms like uh okay um like uh I mean like uh um classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Well so um you know um you know um I mean um you know. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so much much much much much much much much much well so like okay well so like so uh like much much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate well so okay like so so okay well um okay and review us any any any any any any any any any any any Apple podcast okay uh like you know like I mean uh I mean uh okay app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard heard heard uh okay uh I mean so um um uh like I mean heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali is okay well well like I mean you know okay I mean uh well a passionate teacher who is has used this this this this this you know I mean I mean okay so you know so like okay well this this this this this this source and program to engage in uh uh so I mean like uh I mean you know well uh Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of of of of of well um you know so I mean you know like okay so um of of of of of of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on I mean like well uh um okay um so well you know her Instagram page the young educator Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali well like like uh um okay you know you know I mean um Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My I mean you know so you know I mean I mean uh I mean you know um students came came came came came came came came came came came to school uh so uh I mean so uh well you know well um on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily daily daily like well um like so I mean uh I mean okay so daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily 5 and that for me I was okay okay uh well like well so um I mean well just sold so I knew it was worth worth worth worth worth so um I mean so so uh um well you know okay worth worth worth worth worth worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much you know um so you know so uh okay uh I mean you know for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.