Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three um I mean you know well you know okay well um so like decades. Decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades. I've isolated myself I mean um like like well well like um uh like that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone everyone okay um um um well okay uh um like like everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone if all you really want is a uh like um uh so like uh you know well you know best friend. Well, I have finally found found found found found found found found found found like um um so so you know um uh well uh found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone I mean I mean you know you know you know like um you know so like could could could could could could could could could could could ever ruin our you know uh so well you know okay I mean so I mean uh friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin bacon. Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon you know like well so okay uh um so you know um Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon. He stole what should have been my life like so like well well so well uh uh you know previously on the last degree of of of of of of of of of you know well uh I mean uh I mean like um I mean I mean of of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all I mean like uh well I mean I mean um uh um you know those years. Years years years years years years years years years years. He was just okay okay uh so so like you know uh well okay some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and and and and and and uh I mean you know I mean uh well okay okay you know like and and and and and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his I mean you know well okay I mean like okay well like uh career Kevin. You have to make make make make make make make make make make make you know well um you know so you know um you know okay well this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.