In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. This um okay so uh okay so I mean so you know uh this this this this this this this this this. Hey, you want to okay I mean I mean you know well like um okay um so know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K K K K K so uh like like um like okay like um um K K K K K K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using uh you know so well like okay so uh well okay the word Crazy Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light it um um like you know uh um okay well uh I mean on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was was was so uh so like well um well like uh okay was was was was was was was was like braised. I hate you. Um so well like okay okay you know you know I mean you know. Don't leave me who came up with this list list list list list list list well you know okay uh uh um you know I mean uh so list list list list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I you know uh well you know uh you know you know like like okay sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit on this couch and I mean uh I mean uh I mean well like uh I mean um recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love love love so well uh um okay like so so you know um love love love love love love love love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate um uh um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh it but I've accepted it album coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming so uh I mean okay you know so like um I mean well coming coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name um so um uh uh I mean uh I mean okay so is is is is is is is is is is is Shelby tweetin and you know well uh well I mean so okay so I mean uh I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. You you you you I mean well I mean you know like like I mean so you know like you you you you you you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that well um well I mean uh I mean so so okay I mean I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.