The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are uh I mean I mean you know uh well well I mean well well are are are are are are are are are are there to be found whether like you know uh so uh I mean like I mean okay well it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the the the the so uh okay um well so so um um so the the the the the the the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We like uh so uh uh um like um uh I mean got a great show tonight. I'm really really really really really really really really really really um okay like um you know okay like well um well really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned renowned like you know I mean um uh you know well like well okay renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able I mean okay well okay uh I mean so I mean so like to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing willing willing willing willing you know uh so I mean so um you know like well um willing willing willing willing willing willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission um so uh I mean okay well so uh uh so in helping Humanity. Let go go go go go go go go go go go of whatever uh so you know you know so you know so like I mean um stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to to to to to I mean I mean uh uh like like I mean well I mean okay to to to to to to be on reality great to have you uh um I mean okay so I mean uh so you know so here tonight. Thank you for having having having having having having having having um so well well well I mean you know well okay I mean having having having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be you know uh um uh I mean like I mean okay okay like getting over something something something something something something something something something something something you okay okay okay I mean um like okay uh you know like doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top top you know like okay you know you know well well like so um top top top top top top top top top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.