Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't I mean so I mean you know I mean uh uh okay well I mean heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor well like uh well okay okay so well well well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's It's It's It's It's you know you know so okay okay like like well so uh It's It's It's It's It's It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that okay uh okay um like you know well so uh okay allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit like I mean well like well like I mean um okay like edit edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your you know uh you know well uh um uh okay well I mean your your your your your your your your your your computer. Anchor we do I mean you know I mean okay uh okay well uh I mean um the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on on on on on on um uh um uh you know okay you know so I mean um on on on on on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify like uh I mean you know well so okay I mean uh like and many more on top of of of of of of of of of of you know so like uh okay uh you know okay so uh of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum you know like well well you know like uh uh like uh listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you um so so um uh I mean uh I mean um you know need to make a podcast and one place download the the the the the the you know uh so I mean so like uh I mean like uh the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um well so um like okay um you know I mean you know f m-- to get started. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're so um okay well um uh so uh okay so You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you like like I mean like I mean like so okay uh uh and me to to to to to to to to to to to so I mean you know so you know um like you know like so invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a so okay okay you know like uh well you know like um a a a a a a a a a a photographer by the day, you know uh I mean so you know um uh well I mean you know but I make most of my money by flipping cards and and and and and uh um well uh well like like you know you know um and and and and and and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing like uh um like so okay well I mean you know okay my best practices. You You You You You You You You You You You learn my okay well I mean so uh uh well okay you know um process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be be be be be you know you know uh okay um well I mean well so I mean be be be be be be buying sup guys and welcome back to the you know I mean okay uh okay well uh well I mean I mean show. It's your boy. Keen arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.