All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning I mean uh so you know so you know like uh I mean like in and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hearing you know so I mean um well so uh um like you know this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday Wednesday so okay I mean uh um um you know uh like uh Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be well well uh okay um okay so so uh like the fifth. So I look forward to my first first first first first first you know you know well I mean um you know so um okay so first first first first first podcast. My first guest is going to be uh uh okay so um uh I mean I mean uh uh my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti graffiti graffiti graffiti graffiti graffiti graffiti like like uh um like like okay I mean uh you know graffiti graffiti graffiti graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a so you know um I mean I mean so um okay I mean so lot about them, but I I I I I I I I I like okay like well like like well um uh uh I I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get okay like okay okay I mean well I mean um uh uh this together and and and and and and and and and and and do uh like uh okay okay I mean so I mean you know um it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the the um um well you know so like um I mean uh like the the the the the the the the the first show of the Hobbies G like well so like well uh like like okay you know show number one episode one starring season one starring German German German um you know well uh um I mean um okay like so German German German German German German German German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just I mean you know so you know well uh I mean uh um uh fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I I I I I I I I like um well like um okay you know uh so um I I I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.