Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking you know um uh uh okay um okay you know so uh control. Per se se se se se se se se se se se taking uh like okay I mean okay like okay you know uh like control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control you know I mean so so you know okay um um um okay control control control control control control control control control control of our emotions? you know uh I mean uh I mean like so I mean you know well Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right Right Right so you know well you know well okay so okay well uh Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right but we're going to talk about so like like I mean I mean okay um I mean well um two of those important points right now. And And And And And And And And And you know I mean um okay okay uh you know like I mean uh And And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It so like um okay uh I mean okay like I mean I mean is the branch of of of of of of of of of of of okay I mean so you know okay you know okay well so you know the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. I mean uh you know okay uh um like uh okay like. But But But But But But But But But But But in this sense, like um so well well well okay well you know well what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions emotions emotions okay okay like so okay uh so uh I mean I mean emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions and how it is an extension I mean like like I mean uh like okay I mean uh um of You feel emotions are described many many many many many many many so so you know okay you know okay well I mean okay well many many many many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and like uh uh so so you know well I mean I mean um fear which and there there there there there there there there there there there are well like okay like like well uh well uh uh others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these these so well I mean you know um um you know so okay you know these these these these these these these these these emotions are born in our mind um well uh um you know I mean like uh uh okay sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.