Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is like okay okay uh uh I mean so you know I mean so is is is is is is is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm um I mean uh I mean I mean okay well I mean uh so joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about about about about about like so so like so uh so you know like you know about about about about about about something that is kind of alien to well like uh you know well well I mean uh um I mean me. I am not very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like uh okay okay I mean okay well like okay I mean I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen Karen you know okay well I mean okay uh I mean I mean um I mean Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen tell me something. Have you watched so um you know you know I mean you know so um I mean I mean Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed washed washed washed washed washed washed washed washed uh I mean I mean uh well like uh um like I mean washed washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when so well uh okay you know uh so uh like um when when when when when when when when when when we grew up so we um like uh like so I mean well okay um you know should just hang around and you you you you you you you you so um um I mean so you know I mean you know I mean like you you you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? well um like you know well uh so uh um you know Yeah. So yeah, it was was was was was was was was was was was a so uh well uh well like okay uh you know uh throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they uh um you know well I mean so you know okay like um were were were were were were were were were were were kids. They just don't I mean okay so okay um well uh uh well you know realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan well well uh well I mean well so you know okay you know Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.