Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask you know uh well you know you know I mean um well like um ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask a short favor. If you're interested uh you know um uh like um well I mean I mean so in either of the two books that I have have have have have have have have okay you know so uh so I mean you know uh um okay have have have written and I'm about to release head on over to I mean well so okay I mean um like um uh so my website at the the the the the the the the the the the anxious so I mean you know okay uh I mean okay okay um okay truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is is well like well okay well like like I mean you know you know is is is is is is is is is free and you can get well like like well so so okay you know well um on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released released like well you know uh well so well um like uh released released released released released released released released released and how you can get it. You know like like uh like well so like well well. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. Rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling so you know like you know well uh I mean you know so like rolling rolling rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome so okay well well I mean um you know I mean well well to episode. What What What What What What What What What What What is like okay like you know okay well you know you know so so this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a a I mean okay like so I mean like I mean like well I mean a a a a a a a a a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a so uh um well you know you know um like um you know special guest to be on the hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth hundredth so like okay like you know well like I mean um you know hundredth hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm um so like okay so well you know uh I mean like trying but that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's good. You know um so so like um okay like okay um. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant well so okay you know um okay so you know so you know a a a a a a a a a a a little Bit uh well well so I mean like um okay I mean I mean and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.