Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's I mean you know well like like okay I mean like like uh in in in in in in in in in in in conversation episode with okay you know um you know um so so so uh like creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all all all all all all all all okay you know okay I mean so like you know well well well all all all things travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep you know like uh well so like I mean so okay you know into Zach's unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique unique like um okay you know I mean like okay well well well lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has you know um well uh uh I mean uh um okay uh Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing Brewing you may have previously um I mean okay like like you know uh I mean okay like known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland um um like like well um like well uh uh Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And like I mean okay uh okay so um I mean um uh documenting Eternal youth that sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds so um you know like like like well so like so amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So like well I mean I mean uh you know well okay like okay So So So So So So So So So So Zach and I actually uh well you know so okay so uh you know uh I mean met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. Meet meet meet meet meet like like uh so well okay you know um um you know meet meet meet meet meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, okay like I mean um well so well okay I mean like you should Park ourselves off when our laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops I mean okay well um you know so okay well like uh laptops laptops laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what um I mean okay you know like uh okay you know okay I mean what what what what what what what what what what we're doing and get Chapman figure you know so okay like I mean like um well uh you know out. You got a few things in common. And And And And And I mean um uh so uh you know okay um okay uh And And And And And And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.