Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me uh uh like I mean I mean uh I mean well so you know me me me me me me me me me me as always from Gamecock okay uh uh um like you know so you know um I mean central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this this this this this okay I mean like okay um uh okay uh um um this this this this this this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you like well well so so I mean like well uh uh have to wear that albatross around around around around around around around around around um like you know uh okay uh I mean okay I mean okay around around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot uh I mean uh um I mean you know like so I mean um of travel. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's much um so so you know so I mean okay like so you know appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I I well I mean you know uh uh I mean well well you know um I I I I I I I I I sound like I'm being sarcastic because um okay like uh like uh so like uh uh it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like okay um so so uh well so you know uh I'm I'm I'm I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You like like like so well so uh like okay I mean covered the baseball game and and and and and and and and and and well um um like I mean uh okay um so well and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the well I mean okay well well I mean um like I mean so basketball game. And then you you you you you you you you you you um like well um so so well you know um uh you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then you know so like I mean well I mean um uh uh well drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove to Clemson, South Carolina um well uh well um so okay well um you know first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then then then then you know like okay so well so well I mean well so then then then then then then then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.