What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the well I mean well okay um I mean okay okay so uh the the the the the the the the the the podcast in today's episode. Like like like like well uh you know um like um. We're going to talk about what what what what what what what what what what what like so uh um you know okay like well you know um products you should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to to well uh I mean you know uh okay well okay like so to to to to to to to to to get into e-commerce or build a new okay okay um uh okay okay like like um you know store or launch a new product line. Line line line line line line line line like I mean like so okay um so so um okay line line. There are three different levels of where you want to research to you know I mean well so well I mean uh like well okay make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you're choosing the right like you know you know I mean uh you know okay so like I mean products. Now, the first level is the niche level. Level level level level level level I mean okay so like you know okay uh well uh so level level level level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do uh I mean uh um um um you know like um you know you want to to to to to to to to to to to sell and after um like like you know um uh uh so so okay you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make make make make um like you know well you know uh like well okay you know make make make make make make make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You well okay uh um um so like well you know I mean actually want to work with with with with with with with with with with okay I mean I mean I mean I mean well so well uh like with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level like um like uh um so okay I mean so um is is is is is is is is is is is the product level. You know okay um uh okay uh like okay like so. So what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is is is is is uh so um uh you know you know you know okay like I mean is is is is is is what to look for at all three uh so so you know so uh I mean I mean you know so levels to make sure you're not not not not not not not not not I mean like well like okay you know you know uh uh I mean not not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and and you know so you know okay um um so okay well I mean and and and and and and and and and actually build a real business now um well like I mean uh you know so I mean so uh before we get into it, I should let let let let let let let okay you know you know well okay uh you know well I mean you know let let let let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.