This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most um you know so you know like well uh okay um uh most most most most most most most most most most Sinister. I cannot defile seems um uh well I mean like I mean like like uh okay a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to to to to to to uh like well uh you know okay you know um so well to to to to to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need like I mean okay okay you know you know well well uh uh this right here. I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise you I mean like so well okay so I mean I mean okay like you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso you know like uh so uh um okay well I mean well lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's okay I mean so okay like I mean okay um like you know a quick little intro on what what what what what what what what what what what you're about so okay I mean so um um like um I mean um to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a a a a uh uh I mean uh you know well uh well like you know a a a a a a a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He well so so you know so so well you know uh you know teaches a class called leadership development. So he he he he he he he he I mean well you know so you know well um I mean so so he he he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it so well well okay uh well uh um you know well it's really good good good good good good good good good good good talks about you know uh so uh okay okay well well well um core values talks about how important those are and how vital vital vital vital vital like well I mean um uh you know uh like I mean you know vital vital vital vital vital vital it is to know what your core values are well you know okay I mean like so uh you know so well so you can can can can can can can can can can can create um well um you know um well uh uh like you know culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.