Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly so well I mean you know okay I mean so you know like um quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can I mean I mean well okay um uh well um so so listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like okay uh podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a um well so like like okay uh like like well premium account and that that that that that that that that that that that is I mean like you know well so so uh so well like great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little little little so you know uh so so okay well uh like well little little little little little little little little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can uh you know uh so like I mean like you know like okay follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you you you you okay like well well well you know like like like you know you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends like you know you know well you know uh like uh uh uh on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram and premium users you know I mean you know well I mean I mean so okay you know I mean can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever like um well uh well so you know like so well whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're like me, you probably so so um like you know so well like you know so have too many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded like so uh uh I mean um like you know you know I mean downloaded downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so so uh uh okay uh I mean so uh I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so already download the Spotify app uh I mean like like you know okay well okay uh um search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse like you know I mean well okay I mean like okay like you know browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, uh okay I mean you know well okay I mean like um you know make sure to follow us on on on on on on on so okay um well so uh well well you know okay on on on on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. Okay okay okay you know okay well you know like like uh. That being said, let's get get get get get get get get get get um okay I mean uh like uh okay so um um get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to uh um um so you know um you know uh um like to to to to to to to to to to podcast where we take any questions so um okay um well you know you know um uh I mean you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.