Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's so you know like so you know uh well okay well I mean time. I I I I I I I I I I I love cast edition. Like like well um you know well um okay well uh. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're trying trying so like uh you know um uh I mean um um um trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome I mean you know well I mean well well you know um so well back to another episode of of of of of of of of of of so you know uh so you know I mean you know well I mean you know of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio I mean um so okay I mean like I mean uh like well studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio yet because we well so I mean so I mean so like I mean okay so had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog um um I mean I mean okay you know like um uh so Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog that we posted at by the time you um so so um uh you know okay you know uh you know listen to this a few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks um so I mean so you know like okay you know you know so weeks weeks weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to well um so okay okay um you know um I mean um put our our our our our our our our our our our project so I mean so so uh well so so like uh on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the so so okay um I mean you know I mean uh you know I mean the the the the the the the the the the meantime now, like uh like uh so you know okay like um well we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so you know so uh uh uh I mean like I mean well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most you know so you know I mean you know so like uh okay so comfortable out of all of of of of of of of of of of so uh um I mean like um okay I mean um okay of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in okay I mean well okay I mean okay okay so well okay in in in in in in in in in in like a week and a I mean um so um I mean okay I mean okay like okay half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.