Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, Well, well uh so I mean well so uh okay uh I mean Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and so so well uh like I mean like I mean um like and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships well uh okay I mean like um well so um like Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm I mean I mean well like uh so you know I mean like like so excited. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this okay I mean um uh you know so uh I mean like like is I think the first time ever right we able to combine combine okay okay like um I mean well well uh well uh combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine everybody together and you know I mean well well okay so um like you know well it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May you know uh like like well I mean okay like like I mean May May May May May May May May we're going to be we're well you know you know okay I mean so um so okay you know going to be there with schedule. Is he going going going going going going I mean like um okay well okay I mean like okay uh going going going going going to be a salon? Because of course we going okay okay okay like you know okay you know um um like to be there with her love love love love love love love love love you know like uh uh uh well well I mean like so love love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and like okay okay okay I mean so you know okay um so Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth is going to tell us I mean like you know well okay well okay well well so like all the details because schedule acidity in the the the the the the the okay okay well um like okay okay I mean you know okay the the the the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city well um uh you know um you know you know um you know so cares giveaway. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, they're going I mean okay um um you know um um I mean I mean um to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth well I mean you know like so uh uh uh uh like Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth phase want to give us all the I mean well well you know so so um uh okay uh juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so so so so so so so so well okay I mean like like okay um okay okay I mean so so so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone um okay like you know well like um okay um okay can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.