Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to so like um so okay like okay um well uh to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain like you know like I mean I mean uh like uh okay um first it's free. Then there's creation tools that that that that that that that that uh um like uh I mean you know well I mean I mean well that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um I mean uh so I mean um you know uh you know so or computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor um you know you know well so so well I mean you know you know would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify I mean like okay you know I mean you know I mean um so I mean Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app a podcast and many many more like well I mean uh you know well well I mean uh like you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with um uh so like so so I mean well like well with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make I mean I mean okay okay uh um you know you know I mean well a podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download download download uh you know uh you know okay um you know well uh you know the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's um you know you know okay so I mean you know well um I mean up? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to well like like I mean you know I mean uh uh okay like another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade johnson. Johnson Johnson Johnson uh um uh so okay okay I mean I mean I mean you know Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast like okay so you know you know so uh uh well you know on today's episode. We have have have have have have have have have have um uh well I mean um I mean okay I mean like well have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.