Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer like I mean so like um like like um okay well layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer Aid conference which is happening um you know um okay okay um so uh okay like for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 well you know okay um you know you know uh um okay okay 2020 2020 2020 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the um uh okay well well um well you know okay um first one to to to to to to to to to to to solely focus so I mean uh like well you know uh um um okay on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers engineers engineers engineers engineers um I mean like uh well well so well well I mean engineers engineers engineers engineers engineers engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a um so okay uh well you know okay like like uh great story. Re and you can can can can can can can can can can okay uh like um I mean okay um you know um I mean can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not you know okay I mean um um uh you know well so uh every story story story story story story story story story story story can fill a so like okay you know okay well um like um uh whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the the the the the so well well like um uh like I mean you know so the the the the the the conference which brings us here. This podcast well well so uh I mean I mean like uh you know I mean will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. Themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves so uh well okay okay like uh so like I mean themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short uh I mean like I mean so okay so um well um as five minutes some may may may may may may may may may may may well like okay well well so well well well I mean even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.