It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't I mean you know I mean so I mean like um like I mean okay don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a business but with Airbnb so so okay okay like so well you know so okay and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have have have have well um so you know well so you know I mean I mean okay have have have have have have have customers you will quickly lose money and I mean uh so I mean I mean like uh well uh I mean eventually have to close up shop. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's well um I mean you know like uh I mean okay well okay Here's Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to you know well you know so uh uh well I mean you know um revitalize your listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing make your I mean so like so uh like so you know you know I mean offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning winning winning winning winning like okay um um so like well I mean okay I mean winning winning winning winning winning winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point okay you know you know I mean you know you know okay uh um uh taking you from the red red red red red red red red red red um I mean um you know well okay so well okay well red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb I mean um okay okay you know I mean um okay okay well automated and and and and and and and and and and and let's talk about uh you know okay um like I mean you know um well um how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the the the like um um so well uh um okay um you know the the the the the the the the family these eight strategies will get you more I mean like um I mean well uh um so uh you know bookings and I'm going to order them and and and and and and and and and um you know well uh like well you know I mean okay like and and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some so so okay uh like so so I mean so well of these are going to to to to to to to to to well um um okay uh I mean like well I mean you know to to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple like um okay uh um so like so I mean like of small changes. Changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes uh I mean uh you know um so I mean well you know like changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little uh I mean so like so I mean well like like so bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of investment and I mean uh I mean um so uh you know okay well uh this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.