I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the I mean um um um you know uh you know uh so you know basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement on my mama's new couch. Uh so like so I mean okay I mean okay well I mean. That's when I heard it all a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance uh so okay like um you know well you know okay well chance chance chance chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He so so okay so so okay I mean so you know uh knees are shot. The The The The The The The The The The The top graphic like like so um uh uh um well okay I mean cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put put so I mean like I mean um you know okay uh okay uh put put put put put put put put put the ram in the ram so um so well uh I mean well okay um like slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Fast fast fast fast fast uh okay so okay uh like so well you know I mean fast fast fast fast fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I so you know like like uh okay so so you know um fear cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly assemble a rig like so okay I mean well well well uh I mean I mean um a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on on on on on well I mean like like like I mean uh I mean like um on on on on on on make fun of me, but I'm a make them uh well I mean well well uh you know I mean I mean you know eat their words because I I I I I I I I I I I don't like I mean uh well um uh um like um well know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in in in like um I mean um you know okay uh uh um you know in in in in in in in in my underwear. I'm gonna be a uh I mean I mean like like so well so I mean I mean Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um uh uh like like um so well well so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick so so uh um okay uh well okay well so me and digital wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet wallet you know so you know well well I mean I mean okay well um for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.