You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth um so I mean um um okay okay like um uh today today today today today today today today today today today on Monday, March 2nd snorting um I mean um well okay you know you know like so well spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to to to to to you know um well you know well like you know so like like to to to to to to everybody. We will be having another podcast um like well well uh I mean I mean so um like on Friday, March 6th. And as we we we we we we we we we you know so well I mean I mean like uh like you know okay we we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first I mean okay okay well so uh I mean um okay like first first first first first first first first first first practice, but as we go like uh I mean um okay okay uh um you know I mean through the spring, we will try to hit as as as as as as as um I mean okay um okay um so um like um as as as as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that so like well um so uh so uh uh okay are open to the the the the the the the the the the the media so uh so like I mean well um you know you know well how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the the the you know uh I mean um like so um so okay um the the the the the the the the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. You know I mean um well like okay you know well like uh. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so so so so so so so so so um you know I mean you know I mean like um you know okay um so so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I well um um so well well I mean so okay um think think think think think think think think think think think we mentioned that last podcast okay well I mean you know I mean okay uh well okay so well take two hours to get a or an hour hour hour hour hour uh um I mean so you know okay you know well so so hour hour hour hour hour hour to get her practice report out afterwards either I mean okay um okay like like like you know um so because you can do a little little little little little little little little little little um I mean like okay okay you know uh okay okay okay little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can well uh like so like like so uh I mean well actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.