You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Okay well um so well uh uh um uh like. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's you know um so like okay um uh you know well like a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record record record record record um you know I mean well well well I mean um so well record record record record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or okay I mean so I mean you know okay um like uh so computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for okay you know uh you know well so so I mean I mean uh for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well well you know so you know uh okay um um uh and many more you you you you you you you you you you you uh uh like uh so so well so okay I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know okay uh so like um um you know like like to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in um I mean okay like um so well okay uh well one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year year year year year okay like I mean well uh you know uh I mean so okay year year year year year year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage so you know I mean well so uh um you know you know okay in the first experience. Experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. So so okay you know so like so so so so. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him um um uh um you know like um uh uh I mean that she loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves somebody well like like so so so like like um I mean else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away I mean um well uh okay well uh I mean okay uh away away away away away away away away away away with her boyfriend in I mean I mean uh well I mean okay you know uh I mean um the third experience the two parties got married, but within a a a a well like well um okay okay well I mean well so a a a a a a a month my friend found out that she was so okay um like uh well you know uh I mean so still in touch with her ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend ex-boyfriend um well like I mean uh like like like well I mean and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such Such Such so you know um um um like well like you know well Such Such Such Such Such Such Such Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.