Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm uh okay okay um like you know I mean um I mean you know I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Simon like you know like so well you know well I mean um I mean and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we we we like okay uh well uh uh like so you know okay we we we we we we we we originally published on YouTube here for so uh so uh well okay well like uh you know your listening convenience. If you like this show, please please please please please please please like okay well you know I mean okay well um so like please please please please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your so you know so I mean okay okay uh you know well like podcasts. That would be be be be be be be be be be um um um you know like well so okay well you know be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 10 I mean so uh well um okay so you know I mean okay 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 internet. And in the video okay well you know so so you know um um um well today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life so um like uh I mean okay like well um well real-life real-life real-life real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli I mean I mean okay so well so um like uh I mean agents of The Mossad killed a a a a a a a a a so you know um okay like um like um uh like a a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of well um um you know um so I mean okay um um Israeli athletes. Athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes. The hapless victim was okay I mean I mean you know okay I mean I mean uh you know so innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. Attack attack attack uh so um well so well I mean um well well attack attack attack attack attack attack attack. And the murder was just another blunder by uh um okay um I mean so okay you know like so a country attempting to conduct Spy Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games okay uh um uh well well like um um like Games Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret secret secret you know I mean I mean I mean well okay like well okay I mean secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret agencies and here we um so I mean so you know like you know okay I mean like have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get get get get uh like I mean well I mean I mean like I mean um so get get get get get get get into the list. I will say that well so you know okay you know uh well um okay I mean this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.