Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship um uh okay uh you know uh like well um well mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship group as Leaders. We know I mean well I mean I mean you know you know I mean okay uh okay that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help help help help help help um you know uh so uh I mean you know like okay you know help help help help help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes uh you know like you know um uh well okay okay I mean yet, too often finding that that that that that that that that that that that person. Okay okay well you know like um um um well okay. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do do um I mean so uh um you know um um like I mean do do do do do do do do do find them then on the like like well uh I mean like so I mean okay like other side of the world or is too expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive you know so um well um you know okay uh I mean I mean expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been okay so uh I mean uh like so well uh well mentoring people now for over over over over over over over over over over over so I mean you know you know okay well I mean uh like okay 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been been been well like well okay okay well you know uh well like been been been been been been been been thinking a lot about how I can uh you know like okay like um like okay um so mentor more people how I can help more people. People people people people like like I mean so I mean I mean um uh so you know people people people people people people. So I have created an online community called um like uh like like well like I mean I mean uh the mentorship group here. You'll be able to to to to to to to to to to um like um like um okay well well like like to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me uh like I mean you know uh like like well okay okay questions anything you you you you you you you you you you you like okay so okay um you know uh uh so like I mean whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this okay you know I mean so I mean so well you know like so this this this this this this this this this this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.