All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And well like well well like I mean you know um uh like And And And And And And And And And guess what we host so okay well um you know so uh well I mean so our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If If If If If If If um okay uh okay so like well okay um like If If If If you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the like uh well uh okay so you know so you know so easiest free way to to to to to to to to to to to get okay you know like I mean I mean I mean you know you know um um started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and and and and and uh you know well so well I mean like okay okay um and and and and and and the podcast right from a phone. It's right I mean um okay okay um well well um you know uh don't even need a computer, but but but but but but but but um uh so okay so well okay I mean so so but but but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute so you know like you know okay um like okay uh okay it which is is is is is is is is is is is probably uh so so so uh um so um you know okay the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered you know like I mean uh um you know um uh um uh covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered and get it right uh okay like okay uh so like uh um uh on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any any any any any um um okay well uh uh I mean you know like you know any any any any any any other place podcast or founds And you so okay you know okay well uh I mean uh uh so know what, you can monetize it it it it it it it it uh like well like I mean well like uh uh I mean it it it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world you know okay like so like okay um well like I mean everything. You You You You You You You You You You You need I mean um okay like so um like um so well to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what what what what what so like okay uh like you know like so so I mean what what what what what what head over to your app store download the I mean you know like well okay uh I mean so you know uh anchor a poor head anchored on on on on on on on on on so so uh you know uh um I mean I mean like um on on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make like like I mean uh like so I mean uh so you know it happen. Happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen. Uh well okay okay you know so so um so um. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London um well okay you know so okay well okay uh okay London London London London London London London London London London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.