If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes like so um like so so like so like well comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes into the bank, that's okay like well so you know I mean I mean uh you know okay that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I I I I well okay you know like I mean like I mean like like you know I I I I I I I feel like a failure and that's like uh well okay uh I mean so well like so like any standard. So like if it's let's just just just just just just just just okay well I mean well like you know um okay I mean I mean just just just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars uh I mean like so um um I mean so I mean you know a month month month month month month month month month month month or 500 like in my I mean um so you know well so I mean well you know okay mind unless we have a month where I'm like like like like like like uh you know I mean like um I mean like so you know you know like like like like like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. So you know well well like so uh okay okay like. I don't know why I I I I I I I I I I uh okay well well well um like like I mean like I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? so I mean you know I mean I mean so I mean okay uh like Why because because because because because because because because because because because you're comparing yourself like I mean like I mean I mean um uh um okay so to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Yeah Yeah okay well like okay uh uh I mean okay uh uh Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. So well I mean uh I mean well uh you know like uh. My name is Lorna Liz love and and and and and and and um well you know uh uh okay okay I mean um I mean and and and and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and well I mean um okay okay um so so okay like the owner of a million million million million million million million million million million million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.