Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm uh well okay uh like well well like I mean well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be celebrating like well like uh you know so okay I mean well I mean the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. Grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother so you know uh uh so well um um I mean um grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother. And it means we get to spend well uh like well like so like well well like the day with family people. We've not not not not not not not um like like uh you know um okay so so you know not not not not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about I mean so well so uh um you know you know uh okay this woman that that that that that that that that that that that was in uh okay I mean um uh uh like I mean okay uh our life and so important to many of us and I wanted wanted wanted wanted you know okay okay like well uh okay like so so wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory like so okay well you know um I mean you know I mean uh are so deeply. Intertwined and that that that that that that that that that that you know like so you know I mean I mean you know you know uh uh that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about about uh so you know you know okay um so you know uh so about about about about about about about about about this woman that we're grieving uh so I mean so okay like uh uh okay well and sharing stories about good times and sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing okay uh okay I mean well so so so so like sharing sharing sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans uh so you know so um okay okay I mean um you know and human nature. And so so so so so so so so so so so um well so well well like well like like okay today I want you to kind of join me not just with the people that that so uh well uh you know like well um uh you know that that that that that that that that that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.