Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and um well uh you know you know well like well well you know and and and and and and and and and and I'm Johan and this like well um well uh like like um you know well week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I I I I I like well like uh well uh um okay you know so I I I I I I guess we're going to try and just talk um you know uh well um um um like um so about something reason that's happened in the news news news news news news news news well I mean well uh so okay um well okay like news news news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind uh well so you know um you know so like like um of entertaining was Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump and you know well well so like you know you know um um I mean Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump you know um so so you know you know so you know you know okay Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump went to India and then so well I mean like okay you know uh so so so when he was there, I mean, okay look before before before before before before you know so okay uh so like like I mean I mean like before before before before before we These I know everyone like beats up you know um uh I mean so um well I mean well like on Trump all the time and and and and and and and and and and okay um I mean I mean okay like I mean I mean like you know and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I well okay uh um uh well like like okay well want want want want want want want want want want want to hear about you know I mean uh so um uh um you know like you know this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I I I I so so uh um I mean um I mean so I mean like I I I I I I I think I think everyone would have seen the I mean okay um like you know okay so uh well I mean movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin Sachin um okay uh okay well like um um like like Sachin Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he okay so you know okay uh so okay uh okay I mean tried his hardest to get get get get get get get get get get get um I mean well uh uh okay so so like I mean there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a a a a uh like so uh okay um okay like I mean um a a a a a a a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? you know you know uh you know you know I mean um like you know um Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.