Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal personal personal personal um I mean um I mean well well so you know well I mean personal personal personal personal personal personal personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My you know like um okay like you know uh I mean uh I mean name is Jordan sigh it and in this this this this this this this this you know well like well okay I mean well you know okay well this this this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for okay I mean I mean so okay okay you know um like like muscle gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, essentially the um so I mean well um you know uh you know like uh order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that that you know so well you know um like uh um I mean I mean that that that that that that that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as you know you know um uh like um I mean okay um like possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, michael. Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael I mean I mean so well like I mean so um so uh Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. Like okay like like okay like well um so well. We were one minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute into the podcast you know okay you know uh uh I mean I mean well like so and then I realized that we have a little bit of a a like okay um you know so uh well okay um well a a a a a a a a a new setup here and our audio okay well um okay so okay um you know okay you know engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around around around around around like you know um so I mean well um like so I mean around around around around around around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it I mean uh like um well okay so uh uh so up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.