A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. You okay well okay uh like um well like so so you you you you you you you you you. My guest today is a high like like um well so uh so I mean uh okay school friend and former coworker. She joins me to to to to to to to um um uh you know uh I mean like I mean I mean okay to to to to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I okay okay okay so I mean I mean so I mean um I mean am so grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful for this like so like um you know like um well uh okay opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story story story like like you know I mean uh um I mean you know I mean um story story story story story story story story and forty three year Journey. I I mean well I mean uh I mean okay I mean like well well just have to say that throughout High school. School School School School School School I mean I mean um like you know um you know like you know like School School School School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of like uh okay I mean okay uh well you know um um humor and was was was was was was was was was was was just so fun I mean okay I mean uh I mean I mean like like uh like to be around even to this day. She is still full full full so I mean you know okay okay well you know um like like full full full full full full full full of life and so are her I mean uh you know so um I mean I mean like so um kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people people people people people you know so well you know uh so uh well um um people people people people people people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Um you know um uh well uh uh like uh uh. Alright. Well, thank you so much for for for for for for for for so uh uh um um like um like okay okay for for for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.