If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay uh I mean like well I mean you know well well um me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. You know okay um you know okay uh well um okay so. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast uh I mean I mean uh uh um I mean well I mean um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer. You know like I mean well okay so like okay like I mean. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it it it it it okay um okay so you know okay so like I mean okay it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh well like um um you know so well like like many more you can make money from from from from from from from from okay okay you know I mean you know uh well so I mean uh from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh so okay I mean well I mean well so okay you know make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in in I mean well I mean uh like like well so okay you know one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank thank thank you know um I mean like so um I mean I mean uh okay thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the uh so um okay uh well like okay like I mean free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to you know I mean so so I mean uh you know you know okay like to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to uh uh I mean well uh uh um well I mean okay let let let let let let let let let let let you know for this one so well like okay well okay you know um like well starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just just just just just just I mean um I mean okay like you know like uh I mean well just just just just just have an interview with Matt Stokes of well like I mean so um okay you know I mean so you know Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a a a a a a a a well I mean okay well uh so you know uh like you know a a a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.