So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard you know you know um uh I mean so uh you know I mean I mean heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to um like you know you know I mean like um um um uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Free free free free free okay so um uh uh you know um like um well free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like I mean okay um uh okay so so you know uh your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from um like like uh like uh okay I mean you know I mean your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could could could okay well like um I mean okay okay so um like could could could could could could could could be heard on Spotify Apple like I mean well okay okay like okay like you know you know podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from I mean well okay so so I mean well uh um uh from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh well um like like I mean um okay I mean like to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast I mean uh like well like okay like well so okay all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or or okay well so um well I mean um you know well I mean or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor FM.com to so uh uh like like like you know like okay um get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So So So So So So so like like I mean well you know okay uh so uh So So So So So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's I mean um like I mean you know well um okay um well not just a meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme like like well I mean so so I mean like so so in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're uh I mean uh well so uh okay so I mean like going to to to to to to to to to to to look into it okay um so I mean you know you know I mean like um um understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.