What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast well um you know so you know okay okay well I mean like where where where where where where where where where where where we talk to you so uh okay you know I mean so well you know you know I mean about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business business business business business business I mean uh so so okay well like uh so okay business business business business business in this week. We are going to be uh uh so like I mean um so okay well I mean tackling a marketing week. That means every day day day day day day day day you know well um so well you know so um you know okay day day day this week. You are likely going to get an episode uh like okay so I mean um so uh you know well based on the topic of of of of of of of of of of of um okay like well I mean well uh uh you know okay marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is uh I mean I mean so I mean you know so I mean you know okay starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with today's episode is Mark okay so well you know like so so like I mean um Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He He He He He He uh uh so you know you know um I mean um like uh He He He He He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk well well you know uh uh you know um so uh you know with us about acquiring the right right right right right right right right right right right well well so like you know okay you know you know um I mean type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into into I mean like so I mean I mean well I mean I mean um um into into into into into into into into into your business. How do uh I mean um uh like well so so um okay I identify them and how to get them into your your your your your your okay um so well like uh well well like so your your your your your business as leads and where to take it from like um you know you know well so I mean well like so there? So an awesome interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview uh well okay I mean um um uh um um well coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is so uh um okay okay uh uh well like uh is is is is is is is is is is our interview with Mark Morrison today. Well like okay okay okay like like I mean well okay. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a a a a a I mean I mean okay uh like um uh like like so a a a a a a business development manager for intrigued media a digital I mean so I mean so you know I mean well um so um marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada um so so like like okay um uh well uh Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.