Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to so um like uh um well I mean I mean I mean um to to to to to to to to to to be explaining to uh I mean well okay so um you know so you know uh each and every single male out there specifically how to to to to to you know you know uh so well well um you know uh you know to to to to to to become more masculine to determine your fate. I mean well uh okay I mean like I mean well um so. And the reason why I feel that that that that that that so so so so like you know so well okay uh that that that that that this is such an important topic is because people have uh uh I mean well so well okay um I mean I mean no idea nowadays how to actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually you know I mean like I mean I mean so like okay so okay control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're well I mean uh uh I mean I mean okay uh so okay in in in in in in in in in in in control of what uh okay you know uh you know so I mean well so um they would like and as a man this is important to to to to to to you know I mean so so well so so uh you know um to to to to to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not you know well you know you know like well so so okay I mean only that if if if if if if if if if if if you want like I mean so you know so I mean I mean okay you know you know to become a man of value so that way other men or other I mean I mean I mean you know um well like like okay well other other other other other other other other other other people in general can lean on like so um okay I mean okay okay like you know I mean you. You're going to have to learn this. This this this this this this this well I mean um I mean uh I mean okay uh well well this this this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high well so okay well um um well so I mean um attention span, if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you know like um um I mean I mean well you know you know a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're so I mean um uh um you know like uh I mean you know not not not not not not not not not not not going to do like okay um so so I mean um I mean like well very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit okay um you know so like um uh you know so uh bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit to explain so grab okay I mean uh um you know so well okay uh okay a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten ten ten ten okay uh well um um I mean um well um I mean ten ten ten ten ten ten ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.