Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I mean like okay you know um so like uh well okay always always always always always always always always always always always amazed with much League like I mean so uh um you know I mean you know uh um hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I I I I mean uh I mean I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean, I wasn't really listening I mean well um like so well okay um well like to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened listened listened listened listened listened you know well I mean well like well you know you know um I mean listened listened listened listened listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. Um you know um like well I mean so well like okay. We have a lot of of of of of of of of of of you know um so like okay okay you know okay I mean uh of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the like you know okay like I mean okay well so uh I mean same teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams play for the like um you know well uh okay okay um so okay last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks well um I mean like well well uh like um uh Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I okay you know so uh you know so so um okay like was listening back to the companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion I mean so uh uh so okay like you know um so stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. Pan you know you know I mean okay you know um uh so so well pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan. So now you're actually like so um you know well okay well so I mean like targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say say say say I mean like um so so I mean well well you know so say say say say say say say I did not that bad. But what I'm okay uh okay you know um well so like like um doing is I'm trying to dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig well like I mean you know well I mean I mean so okay like dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Well I mean well um uh uh I mean um uh so. Yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring happy with like uh you know uh so okay so so uh um my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to um you know so uh um well well so okay well like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.