Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure um like well um you know uh so uh okay so sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure as hell should by now so I mean okay you know well uh well you know well like sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here here here here like okay like well so so okay so um uh here here here here here here here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace so I mean uh well like uh I mean I mean like you know Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones I mean okay well I mean uh you know you know um so I mean ones ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler okay well uh well well okay uh well you know well Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler on the dice uh okay um um you know I mean um um you know I mean today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday well okay well I mean okay uh um like well like Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know uh well I mean well okay so uh you know I mean well the dance by now. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, you know like so you know I mean you know well so you know like right, right, right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to well uh you know okay um well so um I mean um let you you you you you you you you you you you folks know like okay well you know I mean uh you know I mean uh so that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially officially um okay so well uh uh like like uh like officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially a thing of the past. This um well well um I mean you know you know you know okay um is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. Technology technology technology technology technology um you know uh okay well okay well like you know like technology technology technology technology technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.