Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little well well well you know okay um so well um um little little little little little little little little little little bit about anchor it's uh well okay well uh you know okay well you know you know the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely like you know uh well like well well you know like well absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are um so you know I mean I mean well you know okay so well these really awesome creation tools that allow you to to to to to to I mean you know okay uh well you know uh like well I mean to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh uh uh uh like like well uh well well your computer and anchor distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your I mean uh okay so so you know um I mean I mean like podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and and like I mean well I mean well I mean so so like I mean and and and and and and and and and many other platforms you are able okay well okay you know you know okay you know well I mean well to make money from your podcast. You don't need need need need need need need uh okay like okay well okay um well I mean well need need need need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything okay okay you know so like okay like like uh so that you you you you you you you you you you you need to well um um uh uh like uh um you know like make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful useful useful useful uh so like uh well I mean um well um like useful useful useful useful useful useful useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the well okay uh uh like um okay okay you know okay free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to well uh um well I mean um I mean um uh so to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's I mean uh okay so so um I mean like so um just like like like like like like like like like like like the you know well you know well like you know okay you know you know you know easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own own own uh so uh okay well um you know well you know well own own own own own own own own podcast. I love it. I'm okay uh you know well you know so um well like um going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.