Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. Uh so you know okay uh you know okay uh well you know. Down down down down down down down down down down. So happy to be here well uh uh you know you know like uh so well um with you today the music in the background, you know, know, know, know, know, you know I mean like like um you know uh you know like um know, know, know, know, know, know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells well um so uh um I mean you know um well you know make sure you grab a copy of of of of of of of of of um okay I mean I mean uh I mean I mean so you know um of of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to okay well uh like well like okay okay so I mean thank you for your kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness I mean like okay you know you know so okay you know you know so to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And so I mean like like um I mean so so um okay And And And And And And And And And And if you would like you know you know so you know okay uh like um um so to donate to help them it's again at pray for for for for for for for so like um um um well like like so you know for for for for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite well I mean so like um um well um so I mean the one of the OG OG OG OG OG OG OG OG OG OG um you know um you know uh well well um uh uh OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one like okay um uh like well you know you know okay well of of of of of of of of of of of my favorite friend. She's just I mean um so like um okay you know um you know so hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller um you know okay well well like uh you know well you know bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller and her most recent book just came out um okay like I mean uh so well like like well last week if called on the bright bright bright bright bright bright bright uh I mean you know okay I mean uh you know well well okay bright bright bright bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we well I mean uh um so uh okay uh uh um haven't caught up up up up up up up up up up up in um you know so uh like I mean you know um you know okay a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.