It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk um okay well uh uh uh okay so well I mean about about about about about about about about about about about anchor our new podcast I mean well well you know well okay like so you know okay platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is is is is is is is well um well you know okay so uh I mean you know like is is is is a good point and gives you everything you need in one I mean you know well like like um I mean uh uh so place for free and and and and and and and and and and and you like you know so um so you know um I mean well uh can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record record record uh okay uh like um you know you know uh I mean well record record record record record record record record and edit and make everything that you you know um like you know well okay you know so um uh put down on your podcast sound as good good good good good good good well you know I mean like you know um uh well like you know good good good good as my voice or you can upload a podcast so so um um so you know I mean okay you know okay that you might have recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded you know so so you know well I mean so so I mean uh recorded recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it I mean um so well okay you know uh well so uh can Be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard everywhere well okay I mean I mean I mean well I mean um like well Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make make make make uh um you know you know well so well you know um so make make make make make make make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking so okay I mean like okay I mean like you know well I mean about real easy money with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so like okay um I mean uh like okay um okay anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. Uh I mean I mean well um uh well like uh okay. F F F F F F F F F F F m-- right now. Yeah well okay well I mean like uh well so well I mean Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.