Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all all I mean okay um so well you know uh I mean like you know all all all all all all all all all about living your life with I mean so so you know you know okay like you know okay well intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me me me okay I mean like uh okay um um well um so me me me me me me me me and lives each day with purpose. My uh uh I mean well okay um um um okay like greatest. Hope is that by listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you know so uh um uh uh uh so well uh you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it it it you know you know well I mean you know okay well uh like I mean it it it it it it it it all begins with you. With so um uh like okay you know okay okay okay uh me in the studio today and by Studio, of of of of of of of I mean like I mean so well um like okay I mean um of of of of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like you know okay you know uh so like I mean well so um Breezy. I I I I I I I I I I I always say you know like like so uh okay well you know okay okay your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it it it it I mean so okay okay I mean I mean so you know um well it it it it it it it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to you know uh okay I mean well you know well so so so like how many people really know Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's you know um you know uh well like well uh well uh Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know um um um okay so like so so I mean you know that because it's like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay I mean I mean so okay I mean you know well uh mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.