Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes well uh okay well so uh you know you know um uh jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into so so well like so I mean uh like uh you know this episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to to to to um uh well like like okay okay so you know I mean to to to to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any you know I mean so um so okay like you know so so Kurds easiest way to to to to to to to to to to like um you know like I mean I mean I mean well well I mean to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why um you know um you know uh uh so well um I mean we use use use use use use use use use use use it. There's so well okay um I mean I mean so so well so a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your I mean so okay you know uh you know well uh uh well your your your your your your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple uh I mean you know well like so I mean you know well like and color distributes your your your your your your your your your your like like okay like like I mean uh um okay okay your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else okay I mean um like well um so like so so and you you you you you you you you you you you can make well so you know um uh well I mean okay like like money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make like I mean well um uh so um like like like make make make make make make make make make make a podcast right in one like well you know well like like you know um so uh place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor okay so um okay like um you know uh like uh Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, well uh well so I mean okay you know you know well well that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.