Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I okay so you know well uh like um okay uh well have have have have have have have have have have have just some random stuff. I mean you know uh like uh um I mean like like okay. I want us to talk about before we talk about like like like like well I mean like like well um okay um so you know like like like like like like like life. So last episode we both talked about I mean you know uh you know I mean you know I mean so okay I mean how we were reading the Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica so okay like um I mean um so okay I mean okay Jessica Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have uh you know like okay okay you know I mean you know okay you know to to to to to to to to to to to say anything in case so so well I mean well I mean uh uh you know I mean you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me me me me me okay like okay so so uh well so well um me me me me me me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John uh like so well well I mean okay uh so um Mayer after reading Jessica's back back back back back back back back back back like I mean like uh um like like um uh okay back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a well okay so okay uh like um so like like rock right right right right right right right right right right right now. I even you know like so you know you know you know um like uh like went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to to to to uh so okay so well um like well so like to to to to to to to see if people were commenting. That's like like well like uh uh I mean you know I mean well you know the rabbit hole. I went down when I I I I I I okay well um uh I mean well you know um you know well I I I I I read this but that bad it's not that bad. So you know so okay okay okay so I mean well uh. I went to his his his his his his his his his his you know okay um so um I mean well so like okay his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.