What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor okay um uh um anchor anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use so so so like to make make make make make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest okay I mean um well way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me just break okay I mean I mean okay it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% free. Well so like um. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation I mean okay you know like creation creation creation creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right I mean I mean I mean like from your phone phone phone phone phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your um okay you know um podcast for you so that it can be be be be be heard on okay um okay okay Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you you you you I mean you know uh you know you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. Like like well um. Listenership listenership listenership listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's um well um like literally everything that you you you you you need to make a podcast all in one like uh like like place. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to you know well you know uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out out uh okay like okay out out out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm okay uh well I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within okay so okay like a week of doing doing doing doing doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves like you know well I mean comes out with some shit like that. That that that that. It's bullshit. You know you know so you know. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.