Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you so I mean like okay I mean about about about about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It well you know um like okay is called anchor this is the app. App app app app app. I use um well um uh so to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from from well uh I mean well okay a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought thought thought you know uh like like like thought thought thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But so okay I mean well I mean how am am am am am am I going to do it? I have no equipment. Okay I mean okay so you know. I have no money money money money money money and I want to ensure that I mean okay uh well like all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard heard heard heard heard well like you know like like heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of okay like I mean so uh of of of of of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. I mean you know like uh um. So she she she she she she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation you know well well I mean like tools that allow you to record record record record record record and edit your um um I mean okay okay podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your okay you know um like I mean your your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well I mean you know so so many many many many many many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is like like um um well the most amazing thing thing thing thing thing thing ever with no minimum listenership. Okay well um so I mean. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you you you you you so uh um you know okay you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast uh you know you know so I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.