Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North so I mean well I mean so America's largest largest largest largest largest largest mining pool lectures goal is to um okay um well um operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense intense intense intense intense intense customer well like so well um focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of of of of of um well you know okay so of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big well um like okay so Big Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool like well you know um you know in October. So be sure sure sure sure sure sure to go and check I mean well uh so so them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is is is is is is chosen you know well so um you know to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you you well um like like okay you you you you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can you know well uh so uh find them online online online online online online at Luxor dot Tech and give them you know you know like so I mean a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone I mean okay well uh um Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast podcast podcast well well uh well um podcast podcast podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash well I mean so you know um and I are joined by by by by by by mr. Seth so well uh well okay Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We We We We you know uh like you know you know We We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash well um well you know so has has has has has has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech so well you know um like into the crypto space. Space space space space space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.