What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you you know so um like well by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you don't know about anchor like okay so uh uh it's the platform that we use to to to to to to make all uh you know uh so um of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Uh you know so um okay. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. Uh like so you know I mean. It is 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% free. There's nothing you have to like like um uh um pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools tools tools tools tools tools so you know I mean okay well uh that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or uh you know I mean so okay or or or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so like so okay so okay that it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, uh I mean well you know uh wherever you want to put it you can can can can can can uh well I mean okay like make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You okay well you know uh you know can start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's okay okay okay uh well literally everything that you need to make make make make make make a podcast all so so I mean well okay in one place. So download the free anchor app or or or or or or I mean so so I mean like go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys I mean um like like I mean shit out out out out out out in a box and I'll look this like so like you know like way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not not not not not not doing it. Uh um so I mean you know. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing doing doing doing uh uh okay so you know doing doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit you know like you know okay so like that. It's bullshit. Bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come uh uh okay like so on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.