Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about about about so uh um you know so about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um so like uh so explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that like okay well you know uh allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right I mean so like you know so from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Computer computer um so like um well computer computer computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute well okay um uh well your podcast on most popular platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, like apple podcast Google so like you know uh you know podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can can can can can can okay um um well um actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like like I mean I mean okay to to to to to make a podcast and one place download the like um you know um um free anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- um I mean like you know you know to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow uh like I mean I mean so a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the uh um you know you know so more more more more more more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I mean well I mean okay um. I'm a photographer by the day, but but but but but but I I mean well I mean so well make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting sitting sitting uh you know so okay you know sitting sitting sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my you know well okay like well process the lessons. I've learned learned learned learned learned learned and more importantly who I mean uh you know like I mean you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to to to to well like okay like so to to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.