A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and I mean I mean like well well uh romy. Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to so uh um well so you know a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting starting starting starting you know okay you know like I mean okay starting starting starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment you know I mean okay well I mean so of of of of of of of Genius. Everybody did we did to there like okay well um you know okay was like a sudden like hand in my my my my my my my um uh um I mean well you know shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's I mean so okay okay I mean like like the the the the the the the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus well um okay okay like well and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most most most most most most well you know I mean well I mean you know most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance like like I mean like uh like around with with with with with with with a microphone and then we just well I mean so um okay I mean fade into their lives. I love that. I I I I I I I hope that's um well so so uh like how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see see see um okay I mean uh um I mean see see see see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes you know so I mean um so um that open like like like like like like like that? You're a part of this. Oh, okay well like well so okay it's just like a myth girls like walking walking walking walking walking walking walking well uh okay well you know well kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, I mean I mean uh like you know I mean know, know, know, know, know, know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and okay I mean okay okay so so that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.