What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB so um well so like okay and this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is recapping reviewing the season like I mean uh um um I mean finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season season season season season season I mean well well uh you know well season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys so well well like I mean you know guys guys guys guys guys guys stick around for the any because we are going to I mean um so like I mean so go through our recap recap recap recap recap recap recap roundups. Our best moments um like um so you know uh are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick stick stick stick stick um well okay okay uh so stick stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now um like so I mean like you know for a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card so well like like I mean uh and a pop socket. To enter just written written written written written written written so so I mean you know I mean um comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending so okay you know well like uh this this this this this this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for I mean uh uh like you know okay so we have lots of time time time time time time time as always to or well well I mean well uh okay containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining joining joining joining um like like well you know like joining joining joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the so I mean um okay so uh channel. Let's get into the episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yo, let's get into I mean you know okay so I mean um it the season finale. What do you think? It was was was was was was okay um uh uh um um was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I like uh uh um you know you know think I I I I I I I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.