Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you okay well I mean I mean I mean well you you you you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called uh I mean I mean uh um like anchor this is is is is is is is the app. I use to um I mean uh um okay um create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from from from well like okay well um I mean a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at I mean okay well I mean well uh first first first first first first first oh my gosh, I want um well I mean so like uh to do a podcast. But how am I going to do do do do um um you know um well uh do do do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I you know uh uh like uh uh want to ensure that that that that that that that all our voices out okay so well so so okay here in the Midwest get heard and how do we we we we we we we well I mean um well I mean okay do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, okay like um like I mean well especially when you you you you you you you don't know what to do. Well so uh well uh like. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation creation creation creation okay uh uh well you know you know creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know I mean so well well like bright from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will um um so I mean like you know distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard uh um I mean um uh like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your uh like I mean uh like like pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with I mean like uh like you know so no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going uh like like so uh um to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need need need need so so well like like so need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.