What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee uh like um uh well you know Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a well you know uh you know I mean well high right now. We just filmed one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with one well like I mean um you know well of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking taking taking taking taking taking like you know so so uh so taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So okay like you know okay you know so So So So So So So that's going to be on big little life right um you know like so so okay now. We have all of of of of of of of your emails. We're I mean okay like so like I mean just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm I'm I'm I'm you know uh well I mean uh um I'm I'm I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and well okay well you know uh well I are just just just just just just just two normal people. Or and we have like I mean um I mean uh uh our own struggles. So we're just going going going going going going going to tell okay um you know well you know uh you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. Situations situations um um so well well like situations situations situations situations. We would hope that we would do and will also um so so I mean I mean uh tell you what we we we we we we we have done which was probably what uh like um I mean so well we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. Things things things things okay uh you know so um um things things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So well uh I mean like well so without further Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, let's get started by well uh like uh so you know do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Books books books books books um so you know okay well like books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.