Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a so you know um I mean well uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced I mean um um uh okay like by Games Workshop. This is is is is is is is the second ever podcast I've you know you know you know so um I mean ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and and and and and um like okay I mean well so and and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with um uh well like so you know the bad editing editing editing editing editing editing editing in places. I've done my best okay so okay well um well to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I mean you know like you know I mean okay Anyway, Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent okay okay well so uh so news and questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that I've been asked by the so okay um like well so community. I then spend the rest of the the the the the the the show focus okay like uh well okay okay on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. Game game game like um I mean like well I mean game game game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to I mean you know okay so okay like use them as as as as as as as narrative devices, but following some feedback so uh you know like you know I mean and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to to to well um well like like well to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. Um okay well um uh you know. This is is is is is is is a longer episode than I initially planned and I mean so I mean like okay so you'll probably notice a slight change change change change change change change in Styles throughout I mean okay like uh well well the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot lot lot I mean like um like like so lot lot lot lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.