What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about um okay I mean well like so the gross gross gross gross gross gross gross margin impact of a successful launch I mean uh I mean like so you know of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model model model model model model model so okay well I mean like okay X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial like okay like okay um I mean financial financial financial financial financial financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout like like like um okay I mean out to the third third third third third third third row podcast. I came up you know well I mean okay uh you know the idea for this episode. We were just recording and and and and and and and like you know well like okay okay we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model you know you know like so like um 3. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you uh uh so okay um so can basically get these really cool looking looking looking looking looking looking looking new um um you know like so well tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you okay I mean well well so like pay pay pay pay pay pay pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires well so you know well okay like and these brake pads which which which which which which which are geared to make uh um uh well I mean okay it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. Reviews reviews reviews reviews so so okay you know you know I mean reviews reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, you know well okay um you know you know there's so much much much much much much much opportunity for Tesla as sort of uh like I mean I mean I mean um this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of of of of of of of um um like uh okay I mean these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and um um well you know um well like Tesla nerds would would would would would would would love and the track package well well uh I mean um like is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.