Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North you know uh okay uh um well North North North North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate so okay I mean like okay uh enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and and and and and and and an intense so okay okay so uh um customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection selection selection selection um uh so you know like you know selection selection selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety you know so okay you know like you know of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for you know so uh I mean well I mean which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure sure sure sure sure like like okay okay um uh sure sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen I mean um well so okay I mean chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would I mean well you know so like um love it if you as as as as as as as listeners would support the show um I mean like okay I mean you know by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot dot dot dot dot dot I mean uh so um um okay dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, I mean I mean well okay so uh everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the so like you know okay well so best crypto mining podcast in the the the the the the the history of like well I mean so uh uh the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Mr mr you know okay you know okay well like mr mr mr mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work like you know you know well okay uh projects. We talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about masternodes. We talk a little uh like so I mean um well bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an an an an an an uh uh so uh okay well an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. Space space well uh um so I mean I mean space space space space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.