Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope okay well I mean uh I mean so Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week well uh so um um I mean so far now before this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode starts. I you know so well okay well I mean just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this this this this uh okay um um I mean so this this this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started I mean I mean so I mean uh I mean this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I thought you know, what uh well uh like so so like catching up with friends. Just talking about random random random random random random random stuff, you know well um okay um you know you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then then you know you know well uh like so then then then then then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I I mean okay you know well I mean like started to figure out out out out out out out what the theme of this I mean you know I mean okay I mean you know podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot lot lot lot lot like you know okay uh okay I mean lot lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is I mean um so so um you know about mental health growing growing growing growing growing growing growing up and um like okay okay you know okay things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with I mean well um uh well well with with with with with with that said the new title of the podcast will be um you know well like okay I mean basically growing up. I finally finally finally finally finally finally finally figure out what the um like I mean um um uh theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going going going going well well like um so um going going going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them well um I mean uh um so share what they they they they they they they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.