What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I mean uh so I mean like okay So So So So So So I made a post the other day uh so you know uh okay okay about the you know, I even even even even even even even made a uh well you know I mean okay like podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here here here here you know um so you know uh uh here here here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our you know I mean I mean like well well today, today, today, today, today, today, today, you know, I think it should like like like well I mean well be more of a pillar of the the the the the the the schedule so um um uh well well and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple couple like uh uh I mean you know okay couple couple couple couple couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously um um so you know like well you can imagine the feedback was was was was was was was was was mixed uh so so you know okay okay and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe believe believe believe you know like well okay I mean so believe believe believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking well I mean well I mean uh okay that up. You know, he he he he he he he shot me a well you know I mean um so like DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. Agree agree agree agree okay uh okay well okay well agree agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You so well okay I mean okay so should strive to do both both both both both both both like and he so um okay okay I mean well just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to to to to okay so you know like you know um to to to me and show me a DM and I do what I okay I mean okay like okay okay typically do when I I I I I I I hit him with an audio message so I mean like so so so and explain my position and you know next next next next next next next thing, well you know so okay so well you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the the the okay well you know so well uh the the the the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.