Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News um you know so I mean I mean okay daily. Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of okay so well okay you know well Stephanie on the new season of a a a a a a a for the 90 days, um well um well well so but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her her her her uh you know well like okay like her her her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is so uh so so okay I mean unaware that she's she's she's she's she's she's she's dating a woman what you might so well uh I mean well I mean not know about Stephanie though is that she sells sells sells sells sells sells um well you know you know like okay sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she um like I mean I mean um you know she she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems um well I mean uh so well some people may have found this out out out out out out out though well I mean um you know well well as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that that okay um you know uh um you know that that that that that she is not ashamed of this content and that having like so um like I mean um the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed financed her documentary as well as um okay so um okay um other creative projects and it's also helped her income income income income income income income like well uh okay so uh in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a okay well you know you know you know you know content content content content content content content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. You know okay uh okay um so. I'm allowed to love whoever I I I I I I I want. I like well I mean like like I mean am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to to to so I mean uh um you know I mean to to to to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is you know um um um like so 18 plus. So So So So So So So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.