Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload like well well I mean so I mean upload upload upload upload upload upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. Uh so I mean uh um well. F m-- Nah, man. What is it it it it it it it okay well like well you know you know all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, well, well, okay so I mean so you know okay well, well, well, well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to okay I mean okay well I mean like pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So So So So So So So are we like you know you know I mean well well just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to to you know I mean um uh like okay to to to to to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got well uh you know I mean you know so creation tools allow you to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast um um well okay uh um right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is is is is is like you know so okay I mean well is is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does well okay you know um so okay it it it it it it it go anywhere else after you post it? um um like I mean so well Well, once you post anchor anchor will will will will will will will distribute you know um you know um so okay it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. Uh like I mean you know um you know. Places places places places places places. You don't have to do anything but post so um so well um okay it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any any any any any any any way uh well so okay well well to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money money money money money money so you know okay um well like money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You uh like um um so I mean You You You You You You can start making money man. That is awesome. So well so like you know I mean I mean what you're saying is it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need like uh like so uh you know to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.