Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune okay like I mean okay uh I mean out if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor uh um I mean uh so well this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that Madison uh well like well um okay Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the the uh okay I mean I mean you know so the the the the the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation um well I mean like well uh speculated that Maddie was was was was was was was certainly going to so well well okay you know you know be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire you know like I mean um well I mean Claire Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get you know well well so so like this straight. Straight straight straight straight straight straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, like you know I mean I mean uh well but she's not the the the the the the the Bachelorette so she has like like so well okay well to be the winner of this season, right? Is there there there there there you know I mean okay like so like there there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But I mean well okay like well you know as of right right right right right right right now I see no other explanation you know so so you know um um unless y'all have other theories. Let me know know know know know know know your um you know I mean uh I mean um thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on on on on you know like you know so you know um on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just uh so um I mean so like did a deep dive dive dive dive dive dive dive on her earlier today. Like like uh okay like um. So check that out on this channel and make make make make make okay um uh okay well um make make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Um um I mean so like uh. Pm pm pm pm pm pm. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.