Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 13 like okay okay well um well 13 13 13 13 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old you know um okay um like you know who went to visit visit visit visit visit visit visit a financial planner the well uh you know well um so financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of of of of uh well so like you know uh of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple so you know I mean uh so I mean of weeks of of of of of of of financial reflection. She found that um so like I mean like okay she didn't have to give up things. She really really really really really really so I mean like uh like you know really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety anxiety anxiety well okay like uh uh well anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. I mean I mean like um well well. Which each lasted about about about about about about about an hour they discussed her I mean like like okay well uh background shared screens to look at a monthly credit credit credit credit credit credit credit uh okay you know you know um so card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to uh like like uh well like help help help help help help help her prepare and save for the future. It's I mean uh like like well well encouraging to know that the the the the the the the Bible is full uh um uh uh you know you know of wise advice on how to handle and how to view view view view view view I mean so okay like you know like view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the so I mean uh so well I mean the the the the the the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear so okay so I mean uh so it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.