Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly um um you know okay well okay about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to you know uh like okay um like all of your favorite artists and podcast and and and and and and you know I mean um well like like and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that you know you know like I mean like like is is is is is is is great because let's face it. We are all um okay you know okay uh I mean trying to save a little bit these days. Days days days days days days. So with um like okay you know like uh Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an you know uh so so uh I mean an an an an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends like I mean so uh like um on Instagram and and and and and and and premium users can even download episodes uh okay like well you know so to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are are are are are are are okay like like okay okay like if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but but um well uh well I mean uh but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't so uh you know uh you know uh done so already download download download download download download download the Spotify app like um you know well uh okay search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you you so um well okay uh so you you you you you are Library tab. Also, make sure to okay I mean um uh so like follow us on there. So you never never never never never never never miss like okay I mean well so um an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's today's uh so uh so I mean so today's today's today's today's today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living okay okay okay so you know like advice the podcast where where where where where where where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.