Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about I mean uh like uh so uh about about about about about about anchor get it is the easiest way to you know so you know um um well make a podcast. I want to explain. Explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's well uh you know well like I mean actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's There's There's you know so uh um I mean um There's There's There's There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your you know I mean um you know like okay podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or your computer well okay like okay um well if that's how you want to do it. That's not not not not not not um I mean well you know so um not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast well uh uh uh like like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's spotify. Like okay um well like you know. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many more and you can so I mean you know I mean okay I mean make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership uh you know um so uh okay listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go uh like um I mean you know uh ahead and and and and and and and download the free anchor app or so uh so okay like okay go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to um so okay so so um get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a you know uh uh I mean like I mean spool spool spool spool spool spool spool back to tell you about our friends well like okay like you know you know at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify for like like well um okay okay music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.