Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that I mean okay uh so okay um works hard hard hard hard hard hard hard towards Ascension. So you don't well I mean you know I mean I mean so have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I I I I I I I well okay well so well I mean am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream you know I mean okay you know like so dream dream dream dream dream dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. Well um um I mean so you know. But before we do, I thought it it it it it it it might be well like well well you know you know nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I I I I you know so um you know you know you know I I I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express so I mean like you know um uh podcast to talk about the the the the the the the woo Kang now we you know okay uh you know so so talked for almost two and a A half hours just just just just just just just okay uh okay you know you know you know about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it you know so so you know uh well it it it it it it where he takes 18 pages of material and uh well you know well um uh talks about that for two hours hours hours hours hours hours hours wasn't quite you know uh so you know uh uh enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer summer summer summer well uh okay you know you know um summer summer summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. Well I mean uh okay you know I mean. Time time time time time time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to you know so you know okay like uh record what will be good and and and and and and and I'm like 9:00 you know so um like well you know p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like like like like like okay well like uh okay well like like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.