Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out you know um I mean okay well you know out out out out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this I mean you know uh well well like season couple weeks ago. I I I I I I I reported that Madison Pruitt I mean well well well like so with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew crew crew crew crew crew well like okay um I mean so crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation well so like well um so speculated that Maddie was was was was was was was certainly going to um okay uh like like you know be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Claire Claire okay uh I mean okay um I mean Claire Claire Claire Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me like so like uh okay uh get this straight. Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie was filming something weeks like well you know I mean well I mean after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to to to I mean okay you know like well uh to to to to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any you know um uh so okay okay other reason Maddie would have have have have have have have been filming this is so well you know um so so unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless I mean like I mean like I mean okay unless unless unless unless unless unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your well um like well uh um thoughts down in the comments below. Below below below below below below. That's all okay well I mean well so you know I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new new new okay I mean you know um uh um new new new new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on uh um okay well so uh her earlier today. So So So So So So So check that out on this you know um so well I mean okay channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor I mean uh uh uh I mean like Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.