Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition you know I mean like you know um well podcast with with with with with with with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. You know like uh so okay um. Thank you guys so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning um well okay I mean well okay in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when like I mean okay um you know well when when when when when when and how of this podcast. So before um I mean uh well you know like you decide to listen to me, let let let let let let like you know I mean um uh uh let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for for for uh you know um you know I mean so for for for for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different um well like I mean I mean so places. I started off at at at at at at at a nursing home from well well so you know okay okay there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working working I mean well so uh I mean so working working working working working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the you know like I mean so I mean okay Private Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice World, which is really where I well I mean well I mean I mean um wanted to be I was able to sit sit sit sit sit sit sit well um you know uh um um with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and well you know okay uh like I mean we we we we we we we were able to see each other for a so uh well okay well okay bit more than five or ten ten ten ten ten ten ten minutes and you're working like like you know um well so in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a a a a a um so so um well like a a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point uh well you know okay um I mean point point point point point point because they've been here for like well well well like well a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.