Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon uh you know you know uh I mean like Whistler in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do like okay um like okay um is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions versions versions uh I mean uh well so you know versions versions versions versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If so so like uh so so you enjoy this show, please please please please please please please do consider leaving uh like uh I mean okay so us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you you you you you you you well uh you know okay well so are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of of of okay well well I mean you know I mean of of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and I mean like I mean so like I mean say hi hi hi hi hi hi hi to me. Let me know how you liked like I mean well well you know so this show and let's get into it. It it it it it it. Hello. I'm um you know uh I mean I mean um Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video video video uh uh um I mean you know well video video video video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started you know like well okay you know um life as something totally different different different different different different different most of us I mean so uh uh so like go through life and not knowing who we are are are are are are okay um uh like like okay are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we uh like well uh I mean okay go through through through through through through through many false starts and travel through okay uh um like you know I mean many dead and paths until we find the one one one one one one I mean you know uh um um well one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times like so okay like um okay the most successful successful successful successful successful successful successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.