What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk I mean um okay you know you know um talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the well so so you know you know like app that I use to record my my my my my my my episodes. I mean well I mean so well well. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free free free free you know like like I mean uh you know free free free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to like uh um um you know I mean record and edit your podcast straight straight straight straight straight straight straight from your phone or computer I mean um uh um you know you know that allows you to record with friends as well after it's it's it's uh well you know well so well it's it's it's it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast like so like like I mean I mean for you so so so so so so so I can be heard on like so uh you know um okay Spotify app a podcast and many more you can can can can can can can also so um like um well so definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know uh okay well you know okay you need to to to to to to to make a podcast in one so okay okay well well you know place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot well like so um okay so dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to so um you know like well I mean let you you you you you you you guys know if you are listening to I mean you know I mean um okay um this podcast through headphones. I'm warning warning warning warning warning warning warning you right uh I mean I mean you know I mean well now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because because because because um you know well okay you know like because because because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works well so okay um uh like I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.