What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you well like okay uh okay well by anchor if if if if if if if you don't know about anchor like I mean um so so like it's the platform that we use to make make make make make make make all of our um well okay you know okay um podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast like uh well I mean uh so podcast podcast podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. Uh um so um I mean um. It is 100% free. Free free free free free free. There's nothing you have so um um like well uh to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools tools tools tools tools well uh um you know like like tools tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your uh you know um uh well like phone or your your your your your your your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your like you know you know okay um you know podcast for you so that it can be be be be be be be like uh you know well so uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you well so like um um like you you you you you you can make money from your podcast right out um you know you know well you know you know the gate. No minimum listenership. You can can can can can can can start monetizing well well like um you know so right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to to to you know uh like like you know you know to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free like I mean um so I mean okay anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. I mean uh so so okay so. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit shit shit shit shit shit shit um I mean I mean well you know okay out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm so um um uh so I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like uh well well like okay like within a week of of of of of of of doing that and then you know um uh like um you know fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's It's It's It's you know okay I mean uh like um It's It's It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.