Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be um I mean so you know um uh hood hood hood hood hood hood hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I like okay like you know okay I mean made it here I can make make make make make make make it anywhere so like you know okay well so get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Everyone everyone well I mean you know uh like well everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff okay um like uh like I mean here ready to talk about about about about about about about some pretty cool stuff today. Well like well uh you know uh. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped like um I mean you know uh I mean pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the I mean well so so um uh first first first first first first first like not real episode, but kind of now diving uh I mean like like okay you know Until like actual key Concepts and other other other other other other other things I mean okay I mean I mean you know so going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I I I um um like I mean okay you know I I I I mean we'll talk about today and that this I mean uh so you know uh okay episode is all about the difference between between between between between between between a goal okay uh I mean uh so um and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean mean mean like so like uh like like mean mean mean mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea well so well well so okay like, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, Tyler what are you talking like uh well I mean so so about? So I'll break it down real quick and and and and and and um okay uh um okay I mean and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we um I mean um okay um well came up up up up up up up with what we what we have I mean okay um um um you know found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.