Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike so like well so okay well Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and so you know well well like you know boy. Do we have a a a a a a a special guest for you well you know you know like I mean uh crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow okay I mean you know okay well I mean them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in um you know um I mean so um with us us us us us us us to talk some White Sox baseball on so I mean so you know like like the future Sox podcast. This is going to be be be be be be be okay like uh you know like you know weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So so you know um well um I mean So So So So So So I'm going to completely screw this up okay you know um well okay okay Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. Show show show show show show. And I mean I mean well so okay well yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing so so um well like okay doing doing doing doing doing doing this now for almost two years and it really okay okay like like uh like is like a Grassroots thing that that that that that that that I didn't uh um okay you know so like expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I mean I mean like like well so you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on on on like uh okay so I mean well on on on on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live so um I mean okay okay well broadcast from from from from from from from there through the Pod be nap and um so um well like like we're going to be going to two shows shows shows shows shows shows shows a okay uh I mean uh I mean um week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.