Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are I mean well you know so you know so are are are are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but okay um you know okay you know so you can make me me me me me me me even happier. Well, I well so so I mean I mean like told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of of of of like I mean okay I mean well so of of of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have okay you know okay well like you know interns who do do do do do do do that now. Anyway, I well okay I mean you know like uh saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into into into into well okay um I mean uh okay into into into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but well uh like well well uh it's gonna take a a a a a a a pretty hefty. Package for um um you know so like okay me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. After after after like well like like you know you know after after after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell so um so uh okay well me cow ate 50 of them them them them them them them in you know um so I mean you know so one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes okay well um so I mean you know minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. So well well I mean uh um. Just shy of an A+. Look point point point point point point point is I mean well I mean well so okay the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up up up up well okay okay well uh well up up up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be hasty. You know I mean uh um well um. We We We We We We We think chili dog will be a great like I mean okay like I mean you know fit in the halls of our school and and and and and and and coming like like I mean you know I mean um to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.