What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast you know I mean well so like uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about uh you know well um I mean okay what products you should not drop ship ship ship ship ship ship ship like um um I mean so well now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build build like like so you know you know I mean build build build build build a new store or launch a new product line. There okay um like you know uh you know are three different levels levels levels levels levels levels levels of where you want to well you know like uh uh um research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, uh well well I mean uh well Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type so I mean uh um okay so of products products products products products products products do you want to sell uh so uh so well um and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to to to to well like okay you know you know like to to to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. Uh um uh so okay okay. You actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want to work with if I mean um well I mean okay I mean you want to make money doing this and and and and and and and you know okay uh well like well then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share so like um I mean you know uh share share share share share share with you in this podcast is what to look for uh um I mean so well like at all three levels to to to to to to to make sure you're not wasting um I mean uh so like well your time. If you decide to build one of of of of of of of these you know um you know okay you know like stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I I like uh um so you know well I I I I I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.