Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff uh okay like so uh like Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode 22 of Darren my fees and okay well okay okay uh you know sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people people people people people people people you know you know um like well I mean much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and okay like okay like um so also also also also also also also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this okay um you know well well uh one she's got a mortgage. I'm on the the the the the the the okay well so well okay so first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. Alone so so well uh you know okay alone alone alone alone alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of like so okay um um um your own medicine because because because because because because because you run around the so you know like I mean you know well world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go go go go go go okay I mean well you know I mean okay go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me like so you know um you know like me me me me me me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we okay well um like okay so are. So I'll give it it it it it it it give it my best well you know uh uh you know like real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning morning you know you know um well so uh morning morning morning morning morning you were on the road. It was on a phone okay you know like um okay um in or do you you you you you you you have to go to Studio ever okay um um I mean okay so say it was a phone in from the the the the the the the house. So I like uh you know I mean okay okay was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and and and and and I mean so so I mean I mean okay and and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.