Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about you know like well you know so well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay I mean you know okay so you know podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent I mean uh so so so well free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from uh um so okay uh like from from from from from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor um okay okay like so so we do the the the the the the the rest. It's going to distribute uh so you know okay well so your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google I mean I mean like okay I mean okay Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money well I mean so uh well I mean from your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well um well well okay well you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and one place download like um um like I mean you know the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- you know you know well so like like m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow uh uh um you know I mean um a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that allows people like you and so uh you know um so okay me to invest our money in the more entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining well I mean like I mean I mean well entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I mean like well I mean you know I mean I make make make make make make make most of my money by flipping uh like I mean well so um cards and this show I'll be sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting so uh uh uh uh I mean sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the the uh like um like uh you know the the the the the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you um well like um I mean um should be buying sup guys and and and and and and and welcome back uh uh well um so okay to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.