Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you I mean I mean like I mean okay I mean you you you you you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor um so well um well I mean it's the easiest way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Well I mean okay okay like uh. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's it's it's it's it's I mean I mean you know like like okay it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record like okay okay I mean I mean so and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone so I mean you know well um um or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for okay well like okay um okay for for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher okay so okay uh like um or any pod catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher out there. Another thing is you like well like uh you know uh can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Minimum minimum minimum minimum so so I mean okay okay okay minimum minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one so like you know okay you know uh one one one one one one place? So check out anchor download the I mean um um uh like I mean anchor app or check out out out out out out out anchor dot f so well uh okay okay you know m-- they have all the information there for you right there. There there there um okay okay okay so okay there there there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip so I mean well like so okay or whatever just do do do do do do do talk about that for like that so I mean you know okay um well like mid break part where you put like like like like like like like an ad. Okay. Well okay well so I mean so. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then I mean um I mean so like okay then then then then then then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.