All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess you know uh so well um so guess guess guess guess guess guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot um so um well I mean so f m that's right. If you're looking to to to to to to to well so um like like um host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this this like like um I mean okay I mean this this this this this got a Content creation tool allows you to record like um uh okay I mean well and the podcast right from from from from from from from a phone. It's I mean um well I mean you know okay right don't even need a computer, but you can do do do do do do well well uh uh so so do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably probably probably well you know um like okay um probably probably probably probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They um I mean um like okay so got you covered and and and and and and and get it right on a you know like so um um well Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like you know well um uh you know podcast podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little okay um um okay you know so little little little little little little cash for sharing your great content with the okay well well okay so so world everything. You need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all so uh okay um you know okay in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store store well so like you know like um store store store store store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM okay like so well okay like to get started. If If If If If If If you're ready um I mean so uh um so to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This This uh I mean so you know like okay This This This This This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the well I mean I mean well so I mean London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.