Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm okay um okay I mean uh well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the uh okay you know you know like uh audio version of video that that that that that that that we originally well so so like like well published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this this this this okay so like well like so this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your um uh like so um um podcasts. That would would would would would would would be awesome and let's get okay like so like I mean um into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 10 I mean well so well you know um 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life real-life real-life um okay well um okay you know real-life real-life real-life real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of uh okay okay so um um The Mossad killed killed killed killed killed killed killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking like um you know like okay um revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli you know um um I mean well um Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with I mean I mean I mean uh uh you know the terrorist attack. Attack attack attack attack attack attack. And the murder was just like like um well I mean I mean another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games Games Games Games Games Games Games I mean uh well I mean um well over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and and and well you know you know well um so and and and and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments um so like I mean well like just before you get into the the the the the the the list. I okay okay you know I mean like okay will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.