What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape Hardscape well um okay I mean like you know Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you well okay so I mean uh um can start and grow grow grow grow grow grow grow your hardscaping business in so uh uh um you know so this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing I mean okay uh so okay you know marketing marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an okay like uh like um well episode episode episode episode episode episode episode based on the topic of marketing. So I mean I mean um well you know so we've got a lot of value come and and and and and and uh you know um so okay like and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark I mean uh so you know uh you know is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually a longtime friend of mine. He works like okay like well uh um for Intrigue media and he's here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk I mean um uh I mean I mean I mean with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just just so like okay um you know you know just just just just just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do so uh well okay okay um I identify them and and and and and and and how to get them well okay uh you know well uh into your business as leads and where to take it from from from from well well like like uh uh from from from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and so like uh well uh okay here. So without without without without without without without further Ado here is our okay I mean well you know okay okay interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He He He He He I mean well um you know uh well He He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for okay um you know you know like um for for for for for for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.