Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them them uh so uh well so like them them them them them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got you know uh okay well well so a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so so so so so so okay so I mean okay you know well I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's that's so I mean like okay I mean uh that's that's that's that's that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story well okay I mean you know well um which we thought was was was was was was was kind of entertaining was so like so so you know like Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump okay so um well like you know Trump Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he okay okay I mean okay uh I mean was was was was was was was there, I mean, okay look before we These like well so you know I mean I mean I know everyone like beats up on on on on on on on um like well you know like uh Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like like okay you know like well you know um like like like like like to be boring right now. I want to hear about I mean so so I mean I mean so this. Yeah, but this is hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously like this uh well like so so well is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie um so well you know well like movie movie movie movie movie movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and uh uh okay I mean so okay Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and and and and and and and I mean like you know uh okay um um okay he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about about about about about you know okay uh so you know you know about about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to you know you know you know I mean I mean so talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.