Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys you know you know um okay well so guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can um you know well um you know well listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcast um um okay I mean uh so and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and so okay I mean uh you know um and and and and and and that is great because let's face it. We are like you know like like okay uh all trying to save a a a a a a a little bit these days. So like I mean so like um uh with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So okay I mean like like well uh you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your well uh like uh um um friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes I mean I mean I mean so uh okay to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and whenever like I mean so you know well well you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps apps apps you know like so like okay like apps apps apps apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So uh um I mean you know I mean um if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already download the Spotify app well so so I mean okay um search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or or or or or or or browse I mean so well uh um like podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us okay well um um I mean uh on on on on on on on there. So you never miss an episode okay okay like okay okay like of optimal living advice. That being said, said, said, said, said, said, like um you know um you know so said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice I mean so um uh uh um advice advice advice advice advice advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.