It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't so well I mean well you know you know don't don't don't don't don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because okay you know uh you know so okay you have expenses. If If If If If If If you don't have well uh you know you know you know um customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close close close close well uh um um okay you know close close close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings you know so um okay like uh 8 strategies to to to to to to to revitalize your listing make your well I mean so so um like offer more appealing and to get back in search search search search search search well um um so um okay search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking um like you know like um well you from from from from from from from the red into the um you know uh I mean I mean okay black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with with with um well well so you know well with with with with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you uh like I mean well um okay more bookings. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back are being the I mean um okay you know you know well family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and and and and you know well uh so okay okay and and and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level okay uh uh well so you know of of of of of of of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going okay okay so like well you know to be super simple to implement. Implement implement implement implement implement implement. They're just going so like I mean I mean uh you know to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will will will uh I mean so so you know uh will will will will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit well so I mean you know well so of investment and this this this this this this this will really depend I mean well so like well you know on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.