All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and well um you know so well like like I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how you're listening to this um I mean um um uh well you know podcast right now. Thank you for listening by by by by by by by by the um well so you know like um well way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make okay um well okay I mean okay you know make make make make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this so okay um I mean so like well quarantine and a few people have reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached out to you know I mean so well well uh like me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know well so you know you know well you know podcast podcast podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to uh okay you know I mean uh you know uh do do do do do do do do it. It's free. There's creation tools that okay um uh um well okay I mean allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your Your Your Your Your I mean well so um I mean you know I mean Your Your Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank like I mean well um so well okay you to those those those those those those those those of you that have um uh uh well so like okay been doing that by the way, keep them come and and and and and and so uh you know so uh um well and and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can like um you know well um like um be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a uh well well um like like uh bunch more this so many channels that that that that that that that that are podcast um okay um uh like uh okay is on some of them. I never even heard of so it it it it so you know like well well so I mean it it it it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.