This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I I like I mean um okay like like well I I I I I I hope you're well today. Do you think you are well um uh like so um you know challenging yourself enough? I I I I I I I I had a moment this uh you know so well well uh I mean week with my coach about accountability and I was really really really really really really uh uh you know okay so okay okay really really surprised. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit bit bit okay you know well okay you know uh uh bit bit bit bit bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then you know uh like well uh um like someone asks you a question question question question question question question question and you go okay you know well I mean you know uh like always like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually actually so um like uh uh uh um actually actually actually actually actually actually good at that so I have been challenged this week uh um you know so uh so like and And it's hard. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's hard pushing yourself okay well like okay uh uh like through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling feeling feeling feeling uh I mean so like well you know okay feeling feeling feeling feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I um well I mean well you know so okay need to move move move move move move move move away from this. I okay okay well um you know okay well don't want to go there t harv Eker in his his his his um uh so so well uh okay his his his his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you okay you know um well I mean so um do the hard stuff and and and and and and and and challenging yourself is about you know um okay okay so you know uh doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you you you you you uh you know so you know like you know like you you you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.