So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First well uh uh you know so you know okay of all all all all all all all all going to look at um so I mean like so um um a summary of what happens in seems one and two two two two two well you know so I mean so well okay two two two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King uh um like okay you know you know like Banquo speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks to himself. He's afraid well okay like I mean okay uh I mean the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. Crown crown I mean um so so like uh you know crown crown crown crown crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for okay well uh I mean I mean well you know it. I quote still hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes that this well like you know so I mean I mean you know means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief uh I mean so so like well well guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests this implies that he still treats I mean you know uh you know uh okay well banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on on on on on uh I mean I mean okay I mean um like on on on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city so uh so I mean uh like I mean liquid. He He He He He He He He says that having the crown you know okay um okay like uh like is not enough. He must feel secure as king to to to to to to to I mean you know like uh you know I mean okay to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo so I mean uh well okay uh well Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there I mean okay uh um okay well I mean is none but he whose being I I I I I I I I do like you know so so um you know okay fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be be be well okay well so um um uh be be be be be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.