A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura I mean um so you know well so like and romy. Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. I mean well well you know okay um like. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and romi. Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi I mean you know um well so I mean so Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you um um I mean well well you know so just stumble in in in in in in in in on this moment of genius. Okay you know uh like I mean so um. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden I mean well like you know um okay I mean sudden sudden sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know um I mean um well so okay you know something something something something something something something something if it's wow, it's you know I mean you know um so you know um like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's it's it's it's it's well well um um um um so it's it's it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of so like um well um I mean okay the day day day day day day day day there are watching us like dance you know I mean so well um okay well around with a microphone and then we just fade fade fade fade fade fade fade uh like so so um so like fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people um um okay you know like okay uh see us in their dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams now. Uh well uh okay you know you know um. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a a a you know well uh you know uh like I mean a a a a a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part I mean well okay okay so like so of this. Oh, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just like a myth girls well um um um um you know uh like walking kind of in we're talking about those those those those those those those those I mean so you know um I mean um like are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually well well like you know uh I mean well usually usually usually usually usually usually usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.