Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler uh so so I mean I mean um well Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top well so um okay like so okay ten lists. These These These These These These These These are the audio versions of our so so so okay you know you know you know videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy I mean well so you know well you know uh enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts you know okay like well um I mean okay or Oye podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Also, you are say um I mean so like um like you know hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that that that that um uh you know well uh you know um that that that that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi well you know well um so well okay to to to to to to to to me. Let me know how you liked you know you know okay like I mean you know um this show and let's get into it. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm um well um you know well you know I mean Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video video video well so you know okay like so like video video video video video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways like um so um well uh I mean to manipulate your brain without using using using using using using using using drugs number well well like well um well like 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell okay okay so you know um well you know tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you that at one point or um um um you know you know um like another they have had some experience where they they they they they um so I mean well um uh um they they they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they you know I mean I mean um so well I mean they they they they they they they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.