Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our our our okay um I mean you know okay um uh our our our our our new podcast hosting service and they make things so I mean okay well like uh um like simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it it it it it it it it comes to I mean so like like like well well Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name okay like um like you know I mean um name name name name name name name it? They've got a way to distribute to um well like you know um um uh it on top of that. They have have have have have have have have uh well well okay um okay um editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back back back um you know um okay okay I mean um back back back back back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to um I mean I mean you know I mean uh I mean do you had to know know know know know know know know how to record okay you know well so I mean okay uh it where to record it how to upload it pay pay pay pay uh you know well uh well so okay pay pay pay pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free well so uh okay I mean um um and they will hook hook hook hook hook hook hook hook you up with I mean um um like you know like um advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app app app app you know um well okay so um you know app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're well okay well so you know um okay listening to the tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants on the um like you know so like like uh Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash slash like so well uh so like you know slash slash slash slash slash slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to okay I mean okay um well so well an exclusive new podcast patreon only if if if if if if if if you like you know uh I mean so um well want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.