Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in I mean so uh okay well like well this this this this this this this this week's episode. We are going to so well um uh I mean I mean um be talking about spring break because fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting you know I mean I mean so you know okay like race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll It'll I mean well I mean well well uh well It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be we have week one week of classes okay um you know well uh like I mean still and then spring break is is is is is is is is the like well I mean like well I mean you know week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly spotlight. So um well I mean uh you know I mean. Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all I mean I mean uh so like so I mean of my exams I have before before before before before before before before spring break so so um okay I mean so you know okay next week. I just have a presentation for one of my my my my my you know like I mean um like uh okay my my my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not so you know like so okay so okay in but but but but but but but but it's just like we're really home I mean you know like like um you know so free now, we've finished our last exam today, which which which which which which I mean well okay I mean okay um so which which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday I mean I mean okay so you know uh so one exam each each each each each each each each day. So I will say well okay um so you know so so it was like the most stressful thing in the the the the the the the uh I mean I mean um uh uh so the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's okay so uh well well like okay just just just just just just just just kind of you know today and I'm out um well I mean well well okay so of the way especially because now now now now now now now now that I feel uh um um well so I mean you know like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.