What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge well well uh um well um um Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along you know uh uh like I mean okay so with Mike. It is Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, March 5th you know you know I mean so so okay well 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame uh um well okay so okay I mean pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't well okay I mean well um you know well get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in in in in in in in I mean you know I mean well you know uh like in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a like I mean um so I mean like like row prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior The Beat Goes On good you know okay uh I mean uh like um morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to to to to to to to to I mean you know like like um I mean I mean sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're you know so I mean uh I mean uh well we're we're we're we're we're we're we're key games against teams that were at least um okay like you know okay uh uh on par with them Florida a a a a a a a a few I mean so like you know like so so points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division division division so like well um well like so division division division division division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff so okay well so like well uh spot in the Western Conference. They come come come come come come come come up I mean you know uh well uh uh I mean against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing swing uh well okay you know I mean you know um swing swing swing swing swing swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing you know um okay I mean well uh uh out the string and they they they they they they they they got outplayed dramatically so uh like like um okay well by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.