The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think well um so well I mean like uh think think think think think think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing you know um you know uh like I mean like first class sounds is the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of DJ Scream um like well well like well uh big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got got okay like like so uh well okay got got got got got got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. You know uh well okay well you know um. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How How How How How How How How you feeling, bro? I mean like um like so I mean well Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. Conversation conversation conversation conversation I mean uh uh I mean uh you know well conversation conversation conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. Um uh okay I mean okay I mean well. It's like talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to you know, one of um like okay you know okay you know I mean your partner and well, why don't women man talk talk talk talk talk you know uh I mean um um I mean uh talk talk talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know okay so you know uh you know well like you're going to to to to to to to to do is just addition is swear that like like like you know uh I mean like you going to tell the truth the whole truth truth truth truth truth truth truth I mean you know you know I mean well well um truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? well I mean um okay you know like like Hmm? okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. All right, cool. So what well you know so okay you know um I mean we left off last time we talked it was was was was you know I mean okay like well I mean so was was was was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being so uh so you know you know I mean uh Rapper and how you you you you you you you you like you Embrace certain well okay um um like so um parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So So So So So well um um okay so um uh So So So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.