What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this um so you know I mean um I mean well this this this this this this this episode is recapping reviewing the season I mean I mean you know like um I mean uh finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode episode episode episode episode episode so um well like you know so uh episode episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys well well like uh you know uh you know stick around around around around around around around around for the any because um uh you know okay like um well we are going to go through our recap roundups. Roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups. Our well I mean well you know so uh I mean best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to to to um um you know like you know okay um to to to to to stick around for that. We also have our contest um like uh like um uh um going on right now for a chance to to to to to um okay I mean um um like uh to to to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter well um I mean you know you know I mean well just written written written written written written written written comments on our iTunes page and uh okay well you know uh uh I mean you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this this this this this this this like like okay so uh I mean okay this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of well well like you know um so you know time time time time time time time time as always to or containing listeners so uh uh well uh well okay in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining um well like you know okay I mean uh joining joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get uh like um um okay you know um into the the the the the the the the episode. Yo, let's get into it okay so uh I mean uh so I mean the season finale. What do you think? It It It It It It well you know you know like you know uh uh It It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that like I mean um well I mean um well I I I I I I I I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.