Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about uh um like okay okay you know uh about about about about about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. Um uh okay uh okay I mean um. It is called anchor this is the the the the the the the like you know like so okay well I mean the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a you know like I mean so uh I mean I mean friend of of of of of of of of mine who actually does it as well you know you know like so um like uh because I thought at first oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh so like okay like uh uh like my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going uh I mean like you know uh like so to to to to to to to to do it? I have no equipment. I like so um I mean okay I mean okay have no money and I want to ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure I mean like you know I mean um I mean you know ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do you know okay you know I mean well like like we we we we we we we we do that on a platform without uh I mean okay okay uh like well spending a lot of ton of money, especially especially especially especially especially especially especially well like um you know so you know I mean especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about okay like like I mean okay um well anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that like okay okay you know like you know um allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um so I mean well uh so so podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we we like okay so well uh like uh we we we we we we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more so okay uh I mean you know like so and you can can can can can can can can make money with your pockets, well um so well I mean okay um which is the most amazing thing ever with with with with with with with okay so you know okay you know okay I mean with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now um okay you know um um like well now now now now now now now to just do it. It's everything you well um like okay uh so uh need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in one place like uh so um I mean you know so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.