Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so I mean well like you know well I mean to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the I mean so you know um I mean I mean like free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM so I mean like you know well uh like to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did um so so you know I mean um you know not not not not not not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. I mean uh I mean you know well okay uh. If I had only known it like like like like like like like like well so so like you know um uh five ten years before early because all I need to do is download so so well so I mean so um the anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in you know uh so uh um so um it and just click post and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will uh so um you know like so um do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major like like um okay you know well you know major major major major major major major podcast sides. You know apps that I mean uh you know um I mean you know like are available and I do not need to to to to to to to um I mean you know you know so well like to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make okay well um you know well uh well use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a so okay I mean um uh you know so message if you have some come content, which which which which which which which which you feel I mean so um like uh um I mean that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to I mean so so like well so uh to to to to to to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my you know I mean well uh uh okay well Skyrim everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.