This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and uh well well um um okay I mean and and and and and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share um like uh like uh you know well our experiences since I stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay at home with you know so okay like um so well my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of of I mean you know you know so well like um of of of of of of bring a little bit of insight and show like well well I mean so so well you that there are really really really really really really really really great things. There like you know like like okay I mean like are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and and and and like well uh so um um like and and and and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're um uh you know okay so I mean like cleaning your kitchen or or or or or or or or throw your kiddos in their stroller and uh I mean like uh I mean I mean okay go for a walk and let's chat. Chat chat chat chat chat chat uh um um well you know like you know chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've you know so like so um um you know created created created created created created created created the messy Mama pod because we've okay well so okay well okay well both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered uh um like well like you know well unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were were so uh so so okay I mean um were were were were were were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's uh I mean well you know well you know like so that you can share your your your your your your your your story like okay I mean uh like uh um advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in in in I mean okay okay I mean well you know uh in in in in in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.