Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this this this this you know okay well um um uh um this this this this is the app that I actually use to make um well like so you know I mean okay and distribute bitch work is is is is is is is is how I first uh well okay I mean well um like got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly like okay um well I mean you know like incredibly incredibly easy to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free uh so so I mean well you know uh and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's essentially a creation tool that allows um you know uh well like well um you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from okay I mean well like you know like okay from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly uh like well so so so I mean easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy so it can be heard on okay well so like you know um uh Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch um so like so okay uh uh work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of well you know uh so like uh so me me me me me me me me uploading my first episode you can okay okay I mean well well like I mean make money from your podcast on anchor with no no no no no no okay well uh you know um um um no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and uh um so like well well well wine place. Place place place place place place place. If you guys want to I mean okay well you know so so well get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea idea idea idea idea idea okay like uh um uh okay like idea idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get so well so um so uh so started. Started started started started started started started. Hey guys. I am so excited to I mean like so uh um like so bring you this week's episode of a a a a a a a a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.