What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and okay okay so okay okay well I mean Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on so I mean I mean so like uh like a high right now. We just filmed one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean uh well like uh you know podcast podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking um so I mean uh well okay uh from from from from from from from from taking sides from Simply on purpose - uh I mean uh um so so okay we should ever on this podcast. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's going uh like um so well uh well to be on big little life right now. We have all of your your your uh well okay uh I mean well uh your your your your your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them well okay so uh um okay um with our heart. I'm really really really really really really really really trying um okay I mean well uh um so to answer these well for you guys down and I are just just just just just like well well I mean well I mean uh just just just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're we're you know uh like um um okay uh we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to tell you what we um okay you know well well you know um would hope that we would do in in in in in in in in these you know I mean okay you know I mean like you know situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what um you know okay uh uh uh well what what what what what what what we have done which was probably what uh like like okay you know well um we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some some some some some some some some well so uh uh well well like things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So like you know uh okay like um okay without without without without without without without without further Ado, let's get started by do so uh um okay like well like it looks of mine with the stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff from so I mean you know well you know uh so books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.