Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's It's It's like so you know like okay well so It's It's It's It's It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest uh okay okay like you know I mean you know way to make a podcast first first first first first first first first off. Well so okay so um well uh. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you you you you know um so okay okay so well you you you you you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and um uh okay like like um well edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or your like uh okay so I mean you know well computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely completely completely well okay well you know um I mean like completely completely completely completely completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You know you know well I mean um I mean I mean. So it can be be be be be be be be heard on you know like so so like uh I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. Podcast podcast um I mean well well like you know uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership okay um I mean uh okay like I mean in order to Make money from from from from from from from from your podcast well so you know so well you know I mean anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that that that that that well well okay well uh well you know that that that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that okay uh uh well I mean so okay you need to make make make make make make make make a podcast um you know so so you know okay I mean all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, podcast, I mean you know um okay so so uh podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download okay so like uh like you know like the free anchor app app app app app app app app or go to uh um well I mean I mean so uh Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.