What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to okay I mean like okay okay you know uh to to to to to the podcast. So a big question that I get either via well so uh I mean like uh uh email or over over over over over over over over on our YouTube okay well you know you know like I mean okay channel is from people that are just getting started with their their their their their so well I mean um like uh uh their their their online store and they want to know what they actually have well I mean um okay um um so to get done done done done done done done done prior to launch. So kind uh well like so I mean um so of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to to to to to like like okay um okay you know so to to to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that okay uh you know like uh I mean so stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. You can learn more about on my free um I mean I mean um well okay I mean training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll post you know uh well well so well so a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, okay so like uh uh so well. Webinarcom, webinarcom, webinarcom, webinarcom, webinarcom, webinarcom, webinarcom,. But once you know all that stuff and okay okay I mean like I mean okay like you kind of understand how how how how how how how how to build the um I mean so well uh um you know business then the question is, well, what do you actually have have have have well I mean okay okay I mean well like have have have have to get done before you make that website on Shopify I mean um you know okay um so well before you contact your first first first first first first first first supplier before um like well uh um like I mean you get your first sale? So I want to cover a a a okay okay so so I mean uh I mean a a a a a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different you know okay so okay so uh well options you have and then let let let let let let let let you know what so I mean well uh so you know I mean I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go uh well uh um you know um uh go go go go go go go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.