We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting well like uh um uh like uh your your your your your your your your own podcast, let me tell you okay I mean so like you know I mean so something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is you know I mean so well like um like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation you know so uh I mean like well I mean creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like you know so so so so uh right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. They'll um you know well okay uh so so distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify like well well uh I mean okay um Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. You know um I mean um okay uh so. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay um you know uh you know you know uh to make a podcast in one place. So So So So So So So um okay you know okay uh like you know So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Um um I mean I mean um okay you know. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, do you want to join in on the well okay so you know so well you know excitement Live join me every Tuesday night night night night night night night well uh like um um I mean I mean night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it it well uh okay okay uh okay um it it it it it it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. I mean I mean you know I mean like um I mean. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond well you know like like like I mean um where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.