Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This uh so okay so um well like This This This This This This This is fun to speculate a podcast where we well so uh um so I mean um speculate about wild and crazy ideas. Ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. And now um so uh um so I mean um here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of of of um uh I mean I mean so so well of of of of of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next I mean well uh like well uh you know to me is producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer Vlad. Hi guys. Well well um um uh you know well. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Um you know um so uh like so. Right right right right right right right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things uh okay like like I mean um um we recorded it's actually been a while while while while while while okay you know okay well um so like while while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded I mean uh um well you know um like so so so so so so so so many episodes in like a three-day okay like I mean you know you know I mean I mean time span and we had a nice little little little little little little little I mean so like you know you know I mean um little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one uh I mean um I mean so you know well like every every every every every every every every week or schedule another week you know so well like so like you know of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. Show show show show show show show. Like I mean well okay I mean like I mean. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens um uh I mean um um so um to to to to to to to to that's a little bit extreme, but, you you know like you know so so um so know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. It it it it it it okay you know um I mean you know okay well it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.