You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired uh so uh I mean uh um so aired aired aired aired aired aired on YouTube. So the used to be a you know okay okay you know okay like okay visual element. There is not any more. More more more more more more more. Okay so so so okay uh um. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or well okay you know I mean you know you know so driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving the car where it's well you know like uh like well I mean not so easy to watch the video version. This is why why why why um like uh like um okay okay why why why why this audio version exists. If you like us doing um so okay uh okay like like this, please do leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave us a review wherever uh so okay I mean I mean I mean so your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's let's let's let's let's okay okay so well uh well I mean let's let's let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed like you know well like I mean I mean okay as a genius of entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment a you know well um I mean okay I mean well wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Walt um uh like so I mean so well Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. Well so well like uh well okay. It cannot be understated. You could love him. Him him him him him him him. Okay okay I mean so well like I mean. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply simply so I mean you know well so um well simply simply simply simply simply simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously like I mean I mean uh um so well said that laughter is America's greatest export export export export export export export export but um uh so I mean so I mean uh well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.