Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a I mean you know well so um I mean well a a a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain you know so I mean I mean so um you know produced by Games Workshop. This is is is is is is is is the second ever uh so so um um well so podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and and well uh like uh um like I mean and and and and and and still trying to find my feet. So I you know like okay uh okay uh okay hope you are bear with the bad bad bad bad bad bad bad I mean I mean well uh well you know like bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded well okay like uh I mean well I mean sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the um so uh okay uh uh well show in this show. I cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover recent news well okay well like well uh like and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then then then then then then like well like um well uh I mean then then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about um so so okay uh I mean I mean maniples the basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic building blocks of the well so like okay well um well game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how how how how how how how uh like um okay you know well um how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and um well you know so like well you know realizing have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Basic Ground uh uh so so okay uh you know to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from from from well um well I mean you know um I mean from from from from from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode like um like you know okay uh okay than I initially planned and you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll probably notice um uh okay okay you know okay uh a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week uh well well you know like you know you know week week week week week week week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.