Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need need need like you know um I mean I mean uh so need need need need need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the like um uh so so uh okay gospel and and and and and and and and holding fast to the Traditions passed down I mean so like um well so I mean to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing like like like I mean okay um like unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and and and I mean I mean I mean okay like I mean like and and and and and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot uh well I mean okay well okay like f m is a great podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting platform. If um okay so you know well you know I mean you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a like well um like I mean you know like a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools I mean well so like I mean um like that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your you know okay okay like so so I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast uh okay I mean well like okay um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on um um like well so okay okay Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean you know so I mean can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's you know so you know well you know I mean well It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. You know you know uh like um okay um. So if if if if if if if if you're interested download the free anchor I mean so well okay you know like I mean app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f I mean I mean um well like well okay m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.