Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to okay uh you know I mean like well you know encourage all all all all all all all all of you to download uh um so I mean okay I mean you know the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to to to to okay like uh like you know um so to to to to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I so okay um well you know okay you know did not know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know publishing podcast you know uh uh okay okay I mean like was so easy. If I had only known it like five five five five five you know um I mean like you know like you know five five five ten years before early because all I need to do is you know okay like so like uh uh download the anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice um well um you know you know okay like in it and just click post and anchor will will will will will will will will like um um like um uh so do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major you know like uh okay you know so like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sides. You know apps that are available so I mean you know so okay I mean okay and I do not need to to to to to to to to do like um okay well okay uh you know anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also okay like well okay well I mean so also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if so okay well okay okay well um you have some come come come come come come come come content, which you like well so you know like you know you know feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want want want want okay well so well uh um well want want want want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. I mean so okay uh you know um like. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So today's like you know uh I mean okay so so daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice practice practice okay um you know so okay okay I mean practice practice practice practice practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.