Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you okay I mean well well okay you know okay you you you you you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you um uh okay well I mean so you know are so missing out. Out out out out out out out. Anchor is the I mean uh well like you know like so easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation creation like you know so you know okay I mean you know creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast uh so okay well well like like right from your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. And uh like I mean okay so well like the best thing is Anchor will distribute your your your your your your like like well uh like okay okay your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify you know well okay so um I mean I mean Apple podcasts Google podcasts and and and and and and and and many more. Uh like um okay like I mean um. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, place, place, so you know well uh okay like you know place, place, place, place, place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to okay like okay so you know um I mean Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Alright now, like you know um like uh like so let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you you you you like so okay uh okay I mean you know you you you you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This I mean I mean well well you know okay uh is episode number four and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so like I mean um um okay okay okay crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I uh so so uh so um uh I I I I I I I guess what they say about time flies when I mean okay well uh I mean you know you know you're having fun. It's true, or or or or or or or or at least it's so well like okay so uh um true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.