Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host host host host host I mean okay okay like so um so host host host Jason Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris sheridan. You know well like okay uh well I mean. Mr. Chris shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared in other words, otherwise like well I mean well you know okay like known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Mr mr mr mr mr uh uh uh so so uh I mean mr mr. Christmas to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try I mean uh um like I mean okay like that next next next next next next next next time at the casino tables young you know you know I mean okay uh you know well and montero's I'm going to I'm going to to to to to to to I mean okay so well okay okay okay to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. You know um you know um um you know so. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. And it's Sydney. I well well I mean okay uh well well like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really really really really really you know like uh so so uh okay really really really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Like um well so you know so um. Let's get out. There's a a a a a a a a problematic pause as you know uh I mean um so like uh they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage stage stage stage okay you know you know like okay okay you know stage stage stage stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are so okay okay so um well you know without electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity today. So we're going to okay so uh so you know well so try to make this a brief show. I know you're you're you're you're um I mean well you know uh you know um you're you're you're you're working on battery power over there. So I have a I mean okay so like um you know so good signal and I have have have have have have have have plenty of like um uh uh uh um I mean power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.