The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good good you know I mean uh you know like so like good good good good good good form before we get to talking about anything so so uh well you know you know I mean and everything to do with with with with with with with with golf so I mean okay I mean um so um shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on you know like like so well um uh on on on on on on on the phone. His name is Don brown. You know okay well well you know you know okay. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation I mean uh uh okay um you know uh for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know I mean well well like uh so well Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don that you have a lot of you know so okay so well uh I mean product not just in the Gulf side, but true true true true true uh uh like uh I mean uh uh true true true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am okay you know like so like I mean you know I am I correct on on on on on on on on all this before? well okay you know so so so um Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so so so so so well um okay I mean well well well so so so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of uh uh like like so I mean okay of of of of of of of last year and then you know, we have okay uh I mean um I mean uh okay a hockey Division. I lacrosse division division division division division division division division are Baseball um okay okay you know well okay um division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the the like you know like so so okay uh the the the the the the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True you know you know um okay uh well okay Temper sports or to Templars Templars Templars Templars Templars Templars Templars Templars were really just our so you know well so okay you know you know golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.