Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week uh so you know okay well uh okay week week week week week week this week. Okay, we're not even done with okay I mean like so you know you know um the I know you didn't watch the the the the the the the the show, uh like so I mean I mean okay um but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do do okay you know um I mean so you know um do do do do do do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know uh so um so so you know so about it because she just happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to I mean uh okay you know okay well so walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love Love Love I mean I mean well like well you know well Love Love Love Love Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give so so uh like I mean okay well a fuck. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been so like so uh you know uh you know watching it for the past two days. We We We We We We We uh okay okay uh um you know well We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and lauren. You know like uh okay like you know you know. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she uh well like you know I mean well so just she just spilled her drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink okay I mean uh um uh uh well her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think cameron. So um well um like so uh. He He He He He He He He gets a little bit whiny sometimes well so I mean like uh okay uh he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's He's He's He's He's He's I mean well okay like um well um He's He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However I mean so okay okay uh you know okay However However However However However However However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.