Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on um you know uh I mean okay okay so on on on on on on top and Blake all good. So today we are well you know um you know well well well recording the first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the podcast that like like um okay like uh so we've been talking about recording for at least two two two two two like um okay um um like I mean two two two or three months. He has smelt a long story short may I mean well um um so um I mean not going to to to to to to to to be in touch you know okay so uh like so uh for a while and I made not for sample cups cups cups cups well you know like well uh well um cups cups cups cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that um so you know like well well so the ideas and the the the the the the the the conversation we were having um okay okay you know okay okay you know may help a few older. So this is all very much much much much much uh okay so I mean you know well well much much much part in those thoughts into action. And if we can help at so uh you know uh okay like you know least one other other other other other other other other person as a byproduct of um well so like um uh uh our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this this this this this this uh well so like so well like this this is a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're so uh okay like so you know okay we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to basically introduce ourselves I mean like you know um okay uh um so you can get to know us that that that that that that that that more I mean so so uh like like uh about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much much I mean I mean I mean uh uh well uh much much much much much much want to delve into some of those deeper uh like um you know you know like okay questions that may help others. So just just just just just just just um so um like okay okay uh just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.