What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing doing okay okay uh I mean okay I mean uh doing doing doing doing doing doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. I mean well you know well well um so. All right. What do you want to to to to to to to so okay like well I mean well you know to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock um I mean I mean okay I mean okay so boat. Boat boat boat boat boat boat boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, so okay well well like like so but cardiac / comeback kids come back. Back back back back back back back. So okay okay you know like okay like. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought so okay okay um you know um well we we we we we we we we were talking about a couple of uh you know well uh well I mean you know episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic like uh uh so you know you know so toxic toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And uh you know I mean you know uh uh I mean then I think you you you you you you you you were to it's so okay well uh um uh well like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames Flames Flames Flames well well I mean um you know you know so Flames Flames Flames Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm you know I mean okay so you know so okay not not not not not not not not falling for it. I've been you know well I mean okay so you know so hurt too many times by these guys, but by by by by by by by by the uh you know well so I mean okay like end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm you know uh I mean um okay um like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully I mean like uh um well okay you know back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. Back back back back back back back. So well well I mean uh well well. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, like well uh uh well uh so like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.