Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Out uh uh um okay um well uh out out out out out out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We I mean um I mean um so you know well hope you like it. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy so okay um you know um uh uh it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that you know I mean um well so so like will will will will will will will will really help us out especially here in I mean so well well like I mean um the beginning. We're trying to to to to to to to to grow okay um so I mean um so okay this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some some well I mean um okay you know um like some some some some some some stories going to get you, you know a well so like well so well I mean feel for what we're going to to to to to to to well okay you know well like you know like to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out I mean uh okay um like you know like to Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric case dude. Thank you so much you know uh you know like okay so okay for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our our our our our our our well um you know um like well um our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on well okay well like well like like the right track now also also also also also also also also forgive us I mean okay well well so uh I mean for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're well like uh well so I mean I mean We're We're We're We're We're We're We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how um um well like so um you know to edit it and smooth everything out out out out out out out out that's best like uh I mean so okay so well for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um like I mean uh um well you know podcast podcast podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.