What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about well I mean um you know you know okay I mean the the the the the the the the gross margin impact of a successful launch of uh well so uh um okay okay the Plaid mode Model S S S S S S S S and plasmid uh uh uh um you know well you know model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about well so so uh like um like from from from from from from from from a financial perspective. So going well you know well uh uh I mean I mean to nerd out on this shout out to to to to to to to to the well I mean so I mean so so uh third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were I mean you know so you know so uh um were were were were were were were just recording and we're talking about this okay um uh okay uh uh okay new track package that came came came came came came came came out for so um I mean I mean you know um uh the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically basically basically basically um okay like like well uh I mean basically basically basically basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your uh um well uh uh well like performance model 3 which already already already already already already already already cost 60 well well you know uh like well okay Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for for for for for so uh well okay I mean like well for for for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to like like so I mean I mean okay like make it perform better better better better better better better better on the track. Okay well I mean like um so so. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I I I okay I mean okay um um uh um I I I I I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity you know I mean I mean um okay uh uh for Tesla as sort of this luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury Performance you know um like uh I mean well so Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die you know so well well I mean so um Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds you know well I mean um well so I mean would love and the track package is one example, but but but but but so well uh well well so I mean but but but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.