Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's you know okay uh uh like you know you know America's America's America's America's America's America's America's largest mining pool lectures goal is I mean so uh like uh well uh to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and and and and and and and okay you know like uh uh like you know and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a uh okay well okay you know well well great great great great great great great great selection of pools for you to mine so um you know I mean uh well uh to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big Big so so like okay well well well Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be okay you know uh um well uh so sure to go and and and and and and and and check them out. Um well like um um uh like. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the the the the the the um uh uh um um you know so the the show going into 2020. We would love it if you okay so so like uh well so as listeners would support the show by by by by by by by by Ting okay well okay I mean okay I mean I mean them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow you know I mean okay uh uh um um on on on on on on on on Twitter at Luxor Tech team. Okay well I mean well um I mean I mean. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the the the the I mean um you know um I mean uh like the the the the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on well like you know you know you know well like today's episode mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean hash and I are you know like so uh well so uh joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities communities communities communities communities communities like um you know you know well like you know communities communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a like I mean uh so I mean so you know little bit about Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague pal and mean okay uh um well um uh you know hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big big big big big big you know I mean so uh so like you know big big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.