Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope okay I mean um well um so so Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you guys are all having a lovely you know I mean uh so so I mean I mean lovely week so far now before this this this this this this this this episode starts. Like like I mean okay I mean um uh. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title title title so so well I mean uh you know like title title title title title of this podcast is called catch open me at like uh um um like like um the time that I started this this this this this this this this podcast. Okay uh like so uh um you know. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about about you know you know um uh like like I mean about about about about about about random stuff, you know catch up with me um okay um I mean so um um sounds like a good title. But But But But But But But But then like well okay like you know so uh as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure well so okay well well you know like figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out what the theme of this podcast should okay um so so like you know okay be. So if you you you you you you you you know notice a so so so so like okay I mean lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is is um um so uh like I mean like is is is is is is about mental health growing up and things we deal well like uh okay so you know so with as a teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager or as a young like I mean uh okay okay like you know adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast podcast podcast well you know okay you know well okay so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out um okay so so you know uh like what the theme of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast should be. I mean like like uh you know um so. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto onto onto okay I mean like well I mean um you know onto onto onto onto onto the podcast and basically having them share what you know well well I mean well um like they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.