What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So well you know uh I mean okay so you know So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I mean so um okay you know okay well I even made made made made made made made made a podcast I mean you know okay well uh well um it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe maybe okay um you know you know well um well maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe but about you know, your gym not being well you know you know uh I mean um you know the best our today, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, uh so you know okay you know um okay know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I I well you know you know well you know you know so I I I I I I made this Instagram post and I so like like okay uh well like dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners owners owners owners owners owners owners um I mean okay I mean well so um owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was okay uh uh like you know uh okay mixed and one one one one one one one one individual this Rob he owns uh like I mean okay okay you know well a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. Again again again well I mean I mean well so uh well again again again again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he you know like like okay like like you know shot me a a a a a a a a DM and you just like bro. I mean like well well um well you know. I don't I don't agree. I think this this this this this this this this uh I mean so okay I mean uh um argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like like uh you know I mean okay you know uh well like like like like like like and he just didn't agree with it which okay um you know uh like I mean um was but he reached out out out out out out out out to me and well so okay okay like okay like show me a DM and I do what I typically do when when when when when like like okay I mean like like um when when when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you so uh okay I mean uh I mean okay know know know know know know know know next thing, you know, we're back and like like like okay uh okay so forth with a few audio messages and the guy, guy, guy, guy, guy, guy, you know like you know you know you know you know well guy, guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.