Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News so um like um uh uh um News News News News News News News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie well I mean uh okay like like um on the new season of a a a a a a a a for um so okay uh uh um well the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her well um so uh I mean okay well her her her her her her her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia I mean like well okay I mean okay um and that her family is unaware that that that that that that that that she's dating uh like you know you know so I mean well a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she you know okay well well I mean okay so she she she she she she she sells naked photos of herself online. Well like like okay okay okay like. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. Content content content content content uh you know um uh so well okay content content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found you know so you know so okay you know uh this out though as Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie took her uh okay like well okay uh um Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not not not um well like okay I mean okay well not not not not not ashamed of this content and that having the patron I mean like um like I mean okay you know has financed her documentary as as as as as as as as well as other um I mean I mean well uh like uh creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She She She She She um um well you know well um you know She She She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer uh like well well you know um so a content creator a a a a a a a a dumbass. I'm allowed to be uh so okay uh I mean okay like everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I I I I I I I like okay okay I mean you know uh so I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to well um I mean I mean um uh I mean do do do do do do do do whatever she wants with her body so well like you know you know um so and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just just just just just so uh like uh well like uh just just just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.