Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute you know so I mean you know um uh you know of of of of of of of of social sciences who have t and I mean I mean well you know like uh you know we present to you goonch go to to to to to to to to the like you know uh you know so well um podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus campus campus campus um you know uh um um uh uh campus campus campus campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything uh like well well um so um else in between you plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan well so you know okay so um uh on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We We uh okay uh uh okay um okay We We We We We We also plan on having discussions and debates on well uh well okay okay you know okay a Wide range of topics we we we we we we we we have well okay okay um well like so something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners um um so I mean uh like you know listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners as well as a few surprise segments. So I mean like okay well well um. I hope all this mess will join join join join join join join join like you know so you know well okay you know us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget forget uh I mean okay um uh well well forget forget forget forget forget forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range um uh you know like so like okay of topics we have something for our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners okay like you know okay so like um as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as like you know I mean okay okay you know well as as as as as as as a few surprise segments. I hope all this I mean okay like uh so like so mess will join us on this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey um uh I mean like I mean um uh filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.