Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload well you know okay well I mean uh like this stuff? stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- um uh well I mean like uh uh Nah, man. What is it it it it it it it it all about so okay you know okay like well uh Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of of okay uh well well um um like of of of of of of all, it's completely free. You don't go to okay you know like you know uh so okay pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So So So So So So So So um like well um I mean well I mean are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways ways ways like um okay I mean I mean like I mean ways ways ways ways ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors so like I mean I mean I mean uh well got creation tools allow you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast you know uh I mean okay okay well uh right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That That That That That That That That like okay so um uh like you know is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go like well I mean um well like um go go go go go go go anywhere else after you post it? okay well so like um so like Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it it it it it it it it okay like uh like uh uh like out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. Um I mean um um you know so like. You You You You You You You You don't have to do anything but post it so um okay um like uh well to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any any any any any any any any way to like um I mean like well uh like make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your your uh well so so like okay so your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make um so so you know I mean so um money right away. You can start making making making making making making making making you know so so well you know okay um money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to well um so um uh um uh to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.