Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let I mean so okay uh so well well let let let let let let let me tell you about anchor so well okay well I mean you know okay it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me so like like like uh like well me me me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation uh okay uh you know well I mean well tools that allow you you you you you you you you to record and edit your I mean um like you know like well uh podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will will will will will well like uh uh so you know so will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify well um so well you know like uh Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many many more places uh well you know uh uh I mean like to list keeps on growing and you can make money from from from well well I mean okay so so well from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well well um um well uh well need. Need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so okay uh so like uh so podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out out uh I mean you know so I mean like uh out out out out out out there download the free anchor app or go to so I mean I mean I mean um okay so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and and and and and and and so okay okay I mean uh um like and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your well um so um okay so okay favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists like like uh okay like well you know all in one place for free. You don't even even even even even even I mean uh I mean uh uh I mean like even even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on I mean okay um okay I mean well uh every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.