Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes I mean um okay you know like I mean okay after after after after after after after after they get out of school about how I mean well uh like okay um so they couldn't do their taxes and and and and and and and and how they like like I mean uh like uh you know wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody somebody well like um so um well uh somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody teach them do their taxes what you were okay so okay uh I mean uh like taught that in school. It's called called called called called called called called basic math like okay uh so so uh you know in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract subtract okay okay okay well um okay uh subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line uh um you know um okay so uh them up in a column you add add add add add add add add some together, um so um like uh okay okay you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how how how you know you know I mean okay I mean I mean I mean how how how how how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of so so okay okay uh well uh the paper. You were supposed to to to to to to to to read them. You know well like I mean okay so so. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in in uh well well you know so well like in in in in in in school that was in elementary school the fact that um um well okay well um I mean you can't follow directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions and like I mean well uh I mean like well do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It well okay well I mean like well like just just just just just just just just means that you can't do simple math or follow okay um uh so um um okay directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.