A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own so um well I mean you know okay uh own own own own own own own podcast piece of advice for you. Use well so okay okay so so well anchor anchor is your One Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Shop for like uh okay I mean um so okay creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and and and okay so well okay I mean like uh and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your I mean well okay I mean you know um okay computer. It also distributes your your your your your your your your podcast to like you know so well um um well most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your your your okay um I mean uh so well you know your your your your your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get I mean um I mean I mean uh so um into download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to uh um uh uh okay like you know Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. Back back back back back so okay um well you know like um back back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as uh you know well so like well so well as my last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last, you know update on you know um okay uh you know like okay this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of of of of of I mean okay okay I mean so okay okay of of of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube you know like like um I mean well you know channel could could could could could could could could almost be called, you know, I mean okay like so uh so well coronavirus Central and it has been that way since since since since since I mean well I mean okay I mean like I mean since since since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking so you know okay like you know well uh about it and and and and and and and and so and for good reason um so like I mean you know you know um obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.