Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Okay like like you know okay so you know. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with well uh um so um like so a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the the the the the the uh I mean well I mean well you know well the the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping helping uh well well okay like I mean you know helping helping helping helping helping helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and like so okay like um you know um stress, please join us each week week week week week week week week as like well um you know you know uh well we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively effectively effectively like so um I mean okay okay like effectively effectively effectively effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress like well okay well I mean well uh will discuss what effective therapy looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like okay you know um um um like well sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest uh so I mean well um like you know fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and find that despite their well well okay I mean okay well I mean biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and and and and and okay uh I mean like uh I mean well and and and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to uh uh like I mean uh like you know find and reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce what clients do well so like like okay okay well okay to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their their their their their their I mean I mean so so I mean I mean uh their their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.