Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune okay I mean I mean uh like I mean well out if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on okay I mean like I mean uh well like Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that that okay uh I mean uh uh well I mean Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in I mean well well well okay like I mean the the the the the the the the description and I along with uh um uh um um I mean uh almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly I mean I mean you know you know like uh okay certainly certainly certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire um okay you know you know I mean okay so Crawley was was was was was was was was announced as next season's leading woman. So uh um um um uh so. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming filming filming filming filming filming I mean like um um okay well so filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so okay like um okay so I mean you know she she she she she she she she has to be the winner of this season, right? I mean well well well well you know so Is there any other reason Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie you know I mean you know uh you know uh like Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now now I mean you know like well like um okay now now now now now now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other you know uh I mean like like well so theories. Let me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in um I mean I mean like well I mean like the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor uh well um uh well I mean I mean Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I so so you know uh I mean you know so just did a deep dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive on her you know okay so okay well uh okay earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check well um like you know so well okay check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on so okay so well so so um on on on on on on on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.