Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs um so okay I mean um okay uh 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 11. I read a story recently about um I mean you know uh okay well like a 24 year old who went to visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit um um so uh well well so a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of of of like uh so well like I mean like of of of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in like you know I mean well so well like a couple of of of of of of of of weeks of financial you know okay you know uh well like so reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She She She She you know so um so you know well well She She She She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past um like uh I mean okay um so Financial anxiety and and and and and and and and helped her to so well well so I mean so okay make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they I mean okay so uh so well well they they they they they they they discussed her background shared screens to look so I mean uh you know like well okay at a monthly credit card statement and and and and and and and okay okay okay um like like I mean and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare so you know so um um well well and and and and and and and and save for the future. It's encouraging I mean well well well I mean like so to know that the Bible is full of of of of of of of of wise so um like um you know uh um advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is is is is I mean okay uh like um like okay is is is is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from okay like you know so uh uh uh Proverbs we heard today. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's hear it again like um uh you know you know uh you know wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.