Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about I mean I mean well well I mean I mean you know about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can I mean like I mean so I mean um well listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and and and and and and uh well um so so so like and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account um so I mean I mean I mean you know you know and that is great because because because because because because because because let's face um you know so like uh you know you know it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So So So so well so uh I mean so well So So So So So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never well okay um so I mean like you know miss an episode you you you you you you you you can share whatever okay okay um so okay so I mean you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users users users users users users okay uh so you know like uh um users users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are um so like well so um I mean if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're like me, you probably have you know like so okay okay well you know too many. The apps downloaded already but this one one one one one one one one um so you know I mean well okay you know is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the I mean um like like I mean um like Spotify app search search search search search search search search for your favorite podcast so well um I mean uh okay well on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are are are are are well um well I mean so you know um are are are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So so like well you know uh you know. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode of optimal living like like I mean um well well you know advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode well like uh okay like you know like episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where you know uh so okay like uh you know we we we we we we we we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.