Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about well you know I mean I mean well okay so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor get it is the easiest way to make you know okay okay well so you know you know a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually you know I mean you know you know uh I mean you know actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation so um I mean okay like okay okay tool that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit uh I mean well okay okay okay uh your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your computer so um well you know like I mean okay if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do so well like well I mean okay okay it. It it it it it it it. But I suppose you could anchor so uh uh well okay well um will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So I mean um well well um uh I mean it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and so I mean well so um so um and and and and and and and you can make money. From your podcast with no uh um I mean you know uh uh you know minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you need to make um well um well okay I mean like a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the the the the the so well you know uh well you know okay the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- like okay so um okay well um to get started. And now for for for for for for for for the sun I mean uh well like uh I mean I mean solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our our okay uh uh okay you know well well our our our our our our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify uh okay so uh okay you know um for music, but now guess what what what what what what what what you can you know uh well um uh you know okay find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.