Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards okay okay well you know okay you know so ascension. Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension. So you don't have to I'm um well well okay like okay so your host Adam Simpson and I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined like you know um um so like um joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream dream like so okay so you know like uh dream dream dream dream dream dream speakers in another episode of tomes um you know well like um like so of magic. But before we do, I thought it it it it it it it uh uh I mean you know uh I mean like it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. Uh you know so you know so uh okay. I I I I I I I I am doing fine. I was on the well um well like you know uh um Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang Kang Kang Kang Kang you know you know so like well well okay Kang Kang Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just you know okay I mean so uh you know like about the the the the the the the the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion uh um okay so okay so well of the Hem Caso back where they take it where where where where where where where where uh so um well okay so uh he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours um I mean well so you know well I mean wasn't quite enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough but the key mistake I made so um like okay well okay well was I forgot that Australian summer time and North North North North North North um like well uh uh so so North North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, well okay uh okay like um well let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's figure out a time to record so like I mean you know okay you know so what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Pm pm pm pm pm like I mean well like so you know uh pm pm. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up I mean uh well okay so you know I mean at that that that that that that that that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.