Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting well you know so I mean well you know like starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure well I mean okay you know uh um like how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is well I mean um I mean you know so so the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this this you know you know so so well okay so this this this this this this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio you know um um well okay uh you know that was made on anchor we we we we we we we we just download like like okay um you know uh like our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest rest rest rest rest rest like like um uh uh so like rest rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as um like like well like uh um as as as as as as as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of so like uh like well um you know people download podcasts and and and and and and and and it's easy and like well like you know um uh so best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f you know um I mean I mean so I mean okay f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back back so okay you know you know okay you know I mean back back back back back back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and you know you know like uh you know so so every one of you guys listening to the the the the the the the okay you know I mean uh so you know I mean the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the I mean okay uh well like well um end end end end end end end end of the show to leave a review join um well okay okay uh um uh the Facebook group follow us on social social social social social social social social media. I'll well uh um uh so um so have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.