Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with like like okay well so uh okay me me me me me me me me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes I mean like okay I mean like uh well in on after an Alabama win and seems seems seems seems seems seems seems um uh you know you know okay so well seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here well so like so I mean you know so here here here here here here here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's like I mean well okay uh okay so good to be here good to to to to to to to to get a so you know you know uh okay you know I mean win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty like okay you know I mean um you know so pretty pretty pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets uh um well you know like well you know lonely sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're uh like like okay okay uh well glad to be joined by by by by by by by by Blake level you know well well um well well so who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow follow follow follow um um um you know uh uh you know follow follow follow follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone like so uh you know um um well that is Alabama fan by by by by by by by by day Auburn fan well I mean well okay uh I mean well by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community community community community community so well um I mean so you know like community community community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean you know um well I mean uh uh so without further further further further further further further further Ado. How are you doing boy? so well um okay so like okay Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the the the the the so you know like I mean like um I mean the the the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.