Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune tune tune tune well I mean like okay okay I mean so tune tune tune tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this like like so um you know so well season couple weeks ago. Ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with I mean well you know like okay I mean um seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew crew crew crew crew okay I mean well um uh you know so crew crew crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of I mean well uh you know uh so so Bachelor Nation speculated that that that that that that that that Maddie was certainly well uh so uh um uh like going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because because because okay uh so okay I mean I mean well because because because because because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading so like uh you know uh like like woman. So let me get get get get get get get get this straight. Maddie was so you know okay so um uh so filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette like I mean so well like so like Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other like okay uh you know like you know okay reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason Maddie would have been filming like like so um uh like so this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no no no no no I mean um um okay like um uh no no no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts I mean so I mean um so um you know down in the the the the the the the the comments below. That's all um uh um like okay you know like I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're you're you're you're so I mean okay um so well so you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on okay like okay well you know you know so her earlier today. So So So So So So So So check that um well so so um um you know out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after after uh like so I mean okay so um after after after after after after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on you know um you know uh you know well uh AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.