Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give uh uh so okay so um uh you you you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets uh um uh like like so so you listen to all of your your your your your your your your favorite you know I mean so um you know you know well artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account well so okay you know uh well okay account account account account account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on you know I mean um you know uh uh um every topic including the one one one one one one one one you're listening like like uh well you know like well to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never never never never never so so I mean I mean uh I mean uh never never never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on well I mean um well I mean well um instagram. Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. And if you are a premium user you know like uh I mean I mean I mean like you can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline no so you know you know I mean I mean um uh matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to to to like um um you know like I mean you know to to to to to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships uh you know well like I mean uh like daily or browse podcasts in the your your your your your your your I mean I mean uh I mean um okay okay your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking uh well like well you know uh well of of of of of of of of which let's see what we've got so so uh well uh you know you know on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships like okay so well um uh um daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.