Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff puff puff puff you know um uh um like okay like puff puff puff puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. So uh well uh like I mean well. We're doing this this this this this this this this really cool thing right well you know um okay well okay so now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to to to to to to you know uh um I mean okay I mean like to to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And like um you know um you know you know um see what you like like like like like like like like don't like questions okay you know uh okay uh I mean uh things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple couple couple couple well uh uh so okay so like couple couple couple couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, like I mean I mean you know you know uh well and then you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to do some testimonials um so I mean like um I mean um from us. This is what you got to do go go go go go like so uh like so okay um go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the okay uh um like okay uh like top of of of of of of of of the page and just well like you know well so I mean okay tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've you've you've you've you've you've um you know um you know uh I mean I mean you've you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to to um you know like okay well okay so to to to to to to different companies products. You want to see how well like you know um I mean okay um this Compares maybe you're just curious. Curious curious curious curious curious curious curious. Maybe like well I mean so um so so earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No No um you know okay you know you know well okay No No No No No No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.