Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler I mean I mean I mean well um so I mean Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is okay well well well like you know like we have top ten lists. These are the the the the the the the well you know like I mean like like okay the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy you know you know okay you know you know okay okay enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving so so so you know uh so so us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean like okay okay uh um well podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram so uh like so um uh um Twitter all of that stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I you know well I mean like um well okay am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me me well you know like okay like uh you know me me me me me me know how you liked this show and let's you know well uh like I mean um okay get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon with Slayer okay so well you know okay you know like you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at at at I mean so okay you know okay I mean uh at at at at at the top 10 successful companies that started life as like like um well I mean so I mean something totally different most of us us us us us us us us go through I mean I mean well okay like uh um life and not knowing who we are or what we want to to to to you know like okay okay so um you know to to to to do at least until a few decades in we go through like um um uh well well um many many many many many many many many false starts and travel through many so uh I mean okay uh like um dead and paths until we find the one that's that's that's that's that's that's you know you know so well okay I mean like that's that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most I mean I mean like uh uh uh okay successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.