What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I you know um so like you know um so want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys about um well you know well okay uh like anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes. Episodes episodes episodes I mean so I mean okay um I mean like episodes episodes episodes episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred like uh well I mean you know um well percent free and it allows you you you you you you you you to use I mean like so okay well so well tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone phone so um so um like I mean uh phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer that allows you to record with well you know I mean well um I mean like friends as well after it's been been been been been been been been uploaded to I mean well okay um uh um uh Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can can can can like so well so uh like you know can can can can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more um uh uh I mean um so I mean you can also definitely make make make make make make make make money from I mean okay you know like well okay well your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one like I mean so okay so uh you know one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or well I mean okay you know like uh uh go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Started started started started started started so uh you know um uh um I mean started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you you know okay uh you know uh like like you you you you you you you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm well okay I mean like uh okay um warning you right now. It's only only only only only only only only going through okay uh I mean like um well you know the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way way way way way like well well so okay well so way way way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.