Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about I mean well I mean so so I mean okay anchor it's the the the the the the the the app I'm using it like like okay well well well okay is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and and and like you know you know so uh like um and and and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your so okay so you know okay so okay podcast from from from from from from from from your phone or computer and it um well so like okay like uh will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and and and and and and and like um I mean well I mean you know um and many more without having to do anything which is great and you you know so okay I mean well I mean uh can make make make make make make make make money from the podcast with I mean you know I mean well well well you know no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta I mean like so like so uh okay gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you I mean well uh well uh you know um need to do do do do do do do do all one place like okay I mean so so uh uh and to download the app go to anchor on the App App App App App uh well I mean uh so uh you know App App App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. You know like like like okay um okay. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and okay like well well um okay uh YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and and and and and uh well like you know okay so um and and and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode so like well so you know like so alone did amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm so thankful for you um I mean so like I mean uh I mean guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and and and and um well like okay um okay well and and and and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.