What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if like well well uh uh um you know if if if if if if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that okay well like uh okay well well we use to make make make make make make make make all of so uh uh like I mean um okay our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a a a a a I mean well um okay um um um a a a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys uh I mean I mean uh okay like well real quick. It is is is is is is is is 100% free. There's nothing you I mean so you know so uh so I mean have to pay for it comes with all kinds of of of of of of like so I mean I mean well I mean you know of of creation tools so that you can record and edit your you know I mean um um so I mean okay podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer I mean uh uh I mean so okay you know wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be be um uh okay well like like you know be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you I mean so uh um so well um want to put it you can can can can can can can can make money okay okay uh I mean uh uh so from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start start I mean so uh like I mean um so start start start start start start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything well well you know um uh well okay that you need to make make make make make make make make a podcast all well like you know you know you know um so in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to to I mean like okay um okay you know well to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy um uh I mean uh uh like you know the episode guys shit out in a a a a a a a a box I mean okay uh you know you know uh okay and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing doing well I mean uh uh I mean well uh doing doing doing doing doing doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like okay like uh well so um so within a week of doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing that and well so well uh I mean okay you know then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's It's It's you know I mean I mean um okay I mean well It's It's It's It's It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. Uh I mean so okay you know so I mean. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.