Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually okay like you know so um I mean you know actually actually actually actually actually actually want you to tweet me your feedback on so okay uh like you know um okay how you like weekly V and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean like like I mean okay okay uh podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag um like um um I mean well um hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as uh okay well you know like so like well so I can see your your your your your your your your feedback like so you know okay uh I mean uh on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how how how you know you know I mean well you know I mean um how how how how how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching I mean like well you know I mean uh okay the Vlog, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's so uh well um well like okay then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What What What What What What uh okay um uh um okay so What What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that so uh uh uh uh okay uh Gary had with pearson. Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson. He speaks about ageism so uh you know so so you know well and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes shapes shapes shapes I mean well uh you know uh you know you know shapes shapes shapes shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us you know well I mean I mean so um uh know what you you you you you you you you thought with a I mean you know so okay okay um you know review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about so um so I mean uh like uh about about about about about about about his son in the industry and you know um I mean uh I mean um like sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.