What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the uh I mean you know okay okay like you know doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick well uh I mean um you know uh um teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed so like well uh so um so dialed dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is I mean uh uh like I mean like well all about why why why why why why why why circuit workouts are optimal well well uh you know you know you know so for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin you know okay you know well I mean okay so Austin Austin Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he you know so um I mean I mean okay like noticed that that that that that that that that most of my Programs so well like okay uh okay well and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our our our our our uh okay I mean so uh um uh our our our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to well well I mean uh so uh I mean know why that is. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is it something I mean okay well so you know I mean so that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What What What so you know uh so like uh uh What What What What What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're I mean like I mean like uh you know you know also going going going going going going going going to break down some I mean I mean like well I mean um um reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes uh so okay like well uh I mean Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about I mean well okay uh you know you know you know both and then then then then then then then then really why I choose to okay well uh um uh like well do them and why I do believe that it is is is is is is so um you know uh so okay like is is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.