Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood like okay so um okay so um hood hood hood hood hood hood hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made so so I mean um you know so I mean it here I can make make make make make make make make it anywhere like um um you know so um well get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Everyone everyone um um well so you know okay so everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff I mean so uh so I mean okay okay here ready to talk about about about about about about about about some pretty cool so well uh okay you know well I mean stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Pumped pumped um I mean you know so you know well um pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of um well you know well um so I mean the one of the the the the the the the the the first like like you know I mean well you know I mean so not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key key I mean well um well so so well key key key key key key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides I mean you know like okay uh well um just you know overarching principle. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we'll uh okay I mean like okay um I mean talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between between okay well uh well like like you know between between between between between between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick uh well so um well uh uh into what do we mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean by that? uh well I mean um like well um We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler Tyler Tyler uh well like well you know well you know Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it you know uh like uh I mean I mean so down real quick and basically what what what what what what what what me and uh okay well you know okay you know um sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with uh so you know um you know okay so with with with with with with with what we what we have found to be you know you know um well okay well um true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.