Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike uh uh so well like uh I mean Rankin. I I I I I I I I will be your host um uh uh so you know so uh this time around and boy. Do we have a special special special special special okay uh okay so uh uh you know special special special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can I mean uh uh like uh you know um follow them them them them them them them them on Twitter at Chris ludacris. Like like so so um you know um. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to to to to I mean okay so well okay um so to to to to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is so okay I mean you know well okay uh going to be weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird for me because like I mean um okay well uh uh I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean well um okay you know I mean you know I'm I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on on on um well uh so like I mean well on on on on on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in well uh I mean okay I mean um I mean the basement right now where where where where where where where where we've been uh I mean like like uh uh so doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a a a I mean you know I mean so like um I mean a a a a a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as okay like so okay you know okay well big as it's turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned into and now so so um well um uh I mean we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry Kerry Kerry you know you know okay I mean like I mean like Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be so um uh um like like okay trying out out out out out out out out a live broadcast from there you know well uh you know well okay you know through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going going um okay so um you know okay you know going going going going going going to two shows a week instead of one like like um like okay so uh and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.