Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are so um okay I mean um um so you? you you you you you you you Not so bad value self never so well um you know uh so I mean better, but you can make me even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, so so okay I mean uh well you know Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of um um okay well um um you know interest. Oh get your your your your your your your your mind out like so um I mean so okay you know of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, you know like okay you know um um um Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili I mean I mean like I mean uh uh well Doug Davis is looking into the foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign exchange program I mean I mean you know you know uh you know um that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package okay so you know um like you know well Package Package Package Package Package Package Package for me to send her to Barcelona I mean I mean so I mean um okay I mean if that's what you're after. You know know know know know know know know why they you know I mean you know um uh so so call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one you know I mean um you know uh uh um one one one one one one one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the um I mean you know I mean so you know uh gullet and not 20 minutes later later later later later later later later scored okay uh you know okay okay uh you know a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is is is you know okay I mean you know like like you know is is is is is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not so uh I mean I mean like well so about to give her up for a a a a a a a a uh um I mean okay so you know uh pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili chili you know okay you know so um uh you know chili chili chili chili chili chili dog will be a great fit like like so you know I mean uh well in the halls of our school and coming to to to to to to okay um okay so okay well you know to to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.