Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the the the so so like um um you know um the the the the the U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 well uh uh uh you know okay so Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here here here here here here here here for season okay like so well so I mean okay 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of of like so you know um uh okay I mean of of of of of of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just you know uh like um I mean um like days away from opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening weekend. How is uh you know you know uh you know so um your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed refreshed okay uh well I mean I mean okay well refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke you know like I mean uh well so so up and it was like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're about to kick off I mean okay like so so uh you know and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up up up up up you know well um like uh I mean well up up up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow um uh um you know I mean I mean uh thing God. I set my alarm. Alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm. Uh so so like uh so so. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies like okay so you know okay okay I mean preseason game or or or or or or or or something. I showed up and I mean uh so okay uh um uh I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's what's what's what's what's what's so um um um so I mean well what's what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like like uh well like okay like like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're back in the swing of things. Um I mean uh okay um uh well. We are good for real back in in in in in in in like um um I mean like you know uh in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.