Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR uh well uh like so well you know leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do so okay I mean I mean okay so like digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's simply I mean like I mean so so uh like has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to to you know okay like you know I mean like okay to to to to to to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break so like okay okay like you know you know from our usual format. It features features features features features features features features a panel okay um uh you know like so so discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work uh like uh like okay uh so conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled okay like so okay you know okay okay HR skills of the future and how how how how how how how how to um um okay uh uh okay you know develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having having I mean you know you know okay well uh um having having having having having having spent six years previously is global head of I mean you know so okay well I mean uh people strategy analytics learning and operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations of judicial like uh okay you know uh you know well RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a okay um so you know so well like previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey you know well well so um like um managing director of my HR future who who who who who who who uh like okay you know so I mean okay who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.