For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach like so like like I mean so so data, we we we we we we we we save teachers hours each week by so so like um like you know you know bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms okay like so uh you know like I mean classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Here I mean well so so okay like uh here here here here here here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of so uh well so so okay like teaching. Please rate and and and and and and and and review us any Apple you know so um so well so well podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have Have Have Have Have uh okay you know uh um um well Have Have Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher well uh you know well like well so who is has used used used used used used used used this source and program to so uh okay okay uh uh like engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a a a a like well um well um um I mean a a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her you know so you know so so okay um Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram page the young educator Ali um okay you know you know I mean well okay says this program has been a game-changer for her and and and and I mean you know so so I mean like okay and and and and her students. My students came to school on the okay so so like well well like second day and they they they they they they they they were like, when um well uh I mean I mean I mean you know are we doing daily 5 and that for me me me me me me okay um well well uh you know well me me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome ellie. Like like I mean um you know okay well. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.