What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the okay well so well like so you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going to okay well like you know you know so you know talk about what products you should not drop ship ship ship ship ship ship like like so so like so you know ship ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into well like well so well you know you know e-commerce or build a new new new new new new new new store or launch a uh um so uh you know I mean well new product line. There are three different levels of where you you you you well uh I mean you know so like uh you you you you want to research to make sure you're choosing the uh I mean okay you know um well okay right products. Now, the first level level level level level level level level is you know okay um like like well um the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you want like like like uh like um well to to to to to to to to sell and after you lock? uh okay you know uh well like um Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and and and and and I mean so so like you know like you know and and and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually uh okay like I mean okay uh okay want to work work work work work work work work with if you want um so you know I mean okay so you know to make money doing this and then finally the deepest deepest deepest deepest deepest okay well uh okay okay okay I mean deepest deepest deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share well uh well so um like well with you in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is what to I mean you know you know uh I mean you know okay look for at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your your okay well so um you know uh um your your your your your your time. If you decide to build one of okay I mean uh okay you know well okay these stores and actually build a real real real real real real real uh I mean like uh I mean okay I mean real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that if like okay uh you know um um like if if if if if if if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.