Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good so I mean like I mean so like so good good good good good good good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees okay um uh like um so like and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk like like uh I mean you know like you know to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire um okay uh so okay well um and and and and and and and and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So like like okay um um so uh how this one she's got a mortgage. Mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage okay um you know um you know so um mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for okay like um like okay okay uh having me me me me me me me me alone. We were just discussing I mean I mean well you know um okay you know how this is a test of your own medicine because you you you you you well okay okay you know okay well um you you you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and and well like well well I mean well you know and and and and and and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, uh so okay um uh well okay it's weird for me to be be be be be be be be somebody that um so um so so um um answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my my like okay okay I mean I mean I mean so my my my my my my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well I mean I mean well so okay well you know because obviously this morning you you you you you you you you were on um um well um like uh you know the road. It was on a phone in or do you have have have have have um um uh well I mean like well have have have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from like you know okay you know well uh I mean the house. So So So So So So So So I was reading up everybody who's uh uh so uh I mean so well with her International Women's Day events, and I I I I I I uh okay like like um so uh I I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.