Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard heard like so um okay okay um you know heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so okay like you know you know like so a podcast. Let me explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's uh uh so um like well well a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit so like well I mean okay okay like edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do well so you know I mean okay uh uh it from your your your your your your your your computer. Anchor we do okay so um like like so uh the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, so okay uh um you know okay I mean platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on well you know uh so um okay um top of that. That that that that that that that. You can actually earn money okay like okay like I mean you know you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything okay you know like um okay okay so everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app um okay like uh you know okay I mean or go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- okay like so okay I mean you know okay to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow I mean you know uh I mean okay you know okay Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our so so well you know uh so uh money in the the the the the the the the more entertaining way. My name I mean um I mean um well okay so is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, day, day, day, day, day, day, I mean like well you know um okay um day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show um so well okay you know so so I'll be sitting down down down down down down down down with you and sharing well well um uh well you know okay my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and and like you know uh okay um okay um and and and and and and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome uh um well so okay uh well back to the the the the the the the the show. It's your boy. Uh well so uh um okay like. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.