Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome like okay I mean um um um so Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that well so um um well you know well touches on breakup stories that people would would would would would would would would like I mean I mean well well I mean um well to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned like like uh okay like I mean um learned learned learned learned learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining well okay you know I mean so um um but more importantly meaningful given given given given given given given given the lesson behind everything you know you know you know well um I mean like we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. Episode episode episode episode well like uh um well I mean um episode episode episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going well you know so I mean so I mean um to say exactly where where where where where where where where but it is hella okay uh uh okay I mean you know you know windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows knows knows knows knows knows okay you know you know I mean you know well like knows knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and okay okay I mean uh you know so okay stuff. People People People People People People People People kind of Penny but this like I mean um well you know uh so is next level. I am not used used used used used used used used to this. How'd you know like you know well I mean okay so you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's Let's Let's I mean well I mean I mean uh okay so Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has um well I mean well like you know well been a meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting that's been in the so I mean you know you know okay so you know making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.