Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you I mean I mean um like I mean I mean so about about about about about about about about the anchor app. If you haven't heard okay okay well I mean um uh I mean about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to make a well um like like I mean so well podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's it's I mean uh um well you know I mean well it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools I mean well okay well uh um okay that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit uh like you know you know well I mean so edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your uh well like um uh um um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it could you know um um I mean I mean so uh be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod pod pod pod pod like I mean I mean uh I mean so I mean pod pod pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your well um uh I mean well well you know podcast and and and and and and and and there's no minimum. Ownership required is you know I mean like so you know I mean uh everything you need to make a podcast all in one one one one one one one um um so okay like uh you know one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor so well you know um um uh uh dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- they have all the like I mean like you know I mean okay well information there for you right there. So do it, you know, know, know, know, uh uh um um um um like know, know, know, know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just you know you know so okay so well well do talk about that that that that that that that that for like that like um well okay so I mean well so mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay I mean well like you know okay so um Okay Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and like so so um okay I mean so then we get get get get get get get get back into the show. Uh you know uh so okay uh uh. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.