All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And okay okay I mean you know um so I mean And And And And And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f uh you know well you know well um uh m that's right. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're looking to so like you know uh uh okay uh host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started started like like okay I mean you know well um started started started started started started this got a Content creation tool allows you uh I mean so uh well you know well to record and the podcast right from from from from from from from from a like so like so um okay like phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. Well um um well you know you know um. Too too too too too too too. They'll also help you distribute it which you know uh well um like well well is probably the most challenging part, you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean you know um uh uh want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on I mean so well like so well well on on on on on on on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any I mean you know okay okay um okay like other place podcast or founds founds founds founds founds founds founds founds And you know like like okay like well I mean like what, you can monetize it to make a little cash cash cash cash cash you know well so uh like so so cash cash cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to well you know so uh so okay well make a podcast all all all all all all all all in one okay like well so I mean like well individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store store store store store um so like I mean well well well store store store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get you know like like uh well well okay started. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're ready to launch your podcast and I mean you know uh uh I mean you know uh make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is is is is is uh I mean um um like like so is is is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.