You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. I mean okay I mean um um you know you know. Let me me me me me me me me explain. It's a proof. There you know okay um you know well you know well are certain tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit okay well well like uh well um edit edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your your well okay I mean okay I mean uh well your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard well okay like uh um well I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many more I mean uh like okay I mean uh so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's uh you know like well uh I mean okay It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged well um I mean you know I mean well I mean marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage a scary proposition last year three well okay I mean like you know okay um of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged well like well um uh so you know arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before you know okay uh um um I mean I mean the the the the the the the the wedding the girl told him that she I mean you know uh you know um okay uh loves somebody else in the second experience as as as as as as as you know you know okay um you know um uh as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the I mean like well uh okay um okay the the the the the the the third experience the two parties uh uh you know okay so so well got married, but within a month my friend found found found found found found found okay well uh you know I mean like so found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had um okay I mean so you know you know so an an an an an an an an affair and asked he filed um um you know so um well like for divorce right away. Such experience has made me me me me me me me me uh uh um you know so like I mean wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.