Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be like um well well you know so um explaining to to to to to to to to each and every single so uh you know so um I mean you know male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine determine determine determine determine so um like you know you know well okay determine determine determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such like you know like well I mean you know I mean an important important important important important important important important topic is because people have no idea you know so you know you know so uh so nowadays how to actually control their Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny or how well I mean I mean like um like you know to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they they um well uh um like you know okay they they they they they they would like and as a man this is important like so uh you know uh okay like to your success. This is ridiculously important important important important important important important important to your well I mean uh uh okay you know uh happiness. And not only that if you want to become a man man man man man man okay well like I mean um I mean so man man of value so that way other men or other people in general can well um well like well okay so can can can can can can can lean on you. You're going to well um so like I mean okay well have to learn this. So here's the deal. If If If If If If okay okay I mean uh well you know okay If If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person well I mean okay um um uh like who cannot sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit there and focus like like so um well well like for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Well um you know you know okay uh I mean I mean well well well well well well. Okay, because this video might take okay well I mean um well like I mean me a little bit to explain so grab grab grab grab grab grab grab uh well um uh you know I mean so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes well okay you know you know well uh I mean to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.