With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car car car car so I mean you know uh so uh okay car car car car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession okay like well well uh like like whatever your budget or or or or or or or or family require. There's you know um so so so um okay a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm todd. Um um well okay okay like so. Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. I'm Paul and this is the um like so I mean well uh okay everyday driver car debate. I am am am am am am am am so happy um I mean you know okay I mean um so for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're you're uh you know like you know so well uh you're you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly like well um I mean so uh well driving. Sports cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars in the winter you know um so uh you know uh uh sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period period period period period period so like um so I mean like so period period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because okay so you know uh um you know you know I had to to to to to to to to get it out of the garage um well so you know so well well and having some work done start start. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so so well so um well so I'm I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night I mean so okay I mean you know you know um started was was was was was was was was the day after christmas. Uh well well um um okay like. So that's been like what three months as of this this this this this well uh well like uh well um this this this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my I mean okay um okay so okay um gosh. So the the the the the the the the tires by the way, I mean so I mean like well uh well where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh I mean so you know um I mean mean mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell well I mean like you know okay I mean you know that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.