Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. You know well okay I mean you know okay like. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had uh um uh okay you know you know you know and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are are are are are like like you know like uh like so are are are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. Like okay you know you know you know well uh. I mean this is I I I I I I I I think the you know I mean well um uh uh like first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome. You know so uh um I mean so okay. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Right? So while we're at hair I mean well so okay I mean you know um Love retreat in May we're going to be we're going going going going going you know you know I mean okay so like um going going going to be there with schedule. Is he going to I mean so like I mean like so I mean be a salon? Because of course course course course course course course course we well okay you know uh uh okay I mean going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited excited excited excited okay uh so okay like so I mean excited excited excited excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is like um so um well okay so going to tell us us us us us us us us like all the you know okay uh like I mean I mean uh details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going so um well so okay well like going going going going going going going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, well so um I mean well you know you know they're going to give away a ticket to to to to to to to to you know like like like um you know like handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy uh uh uh you know you know um okay details. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I mean okay I mean I mean so well so I'm so excited schedule is to be so so so so so so so so generous to so uh you know um okay like well do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.