Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. Lists I mean I mean so um okay um I mean lists lists lists lists lists lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This uh I mean uh I mean like um well is the audio version of of of of of of of of video that we okay like okay um so okay uh originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like like like like you know like you know like uh well um like like like like this show, please do consider leaving us a uh like like you know I mean like um review or ever get your your your your your your your your podcasts. That um like you know I mean I mean so okay would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon you know uh I mean um um I mean I mean Simon Simon Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, I mean um well um like okay well we're looking at the the the the the the the the top 10 uh well I mean like you know okay uh real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of of of um you know uh well so um um of of of of of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer like you know so well so like uh Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich uh okay I mean so okay okay um Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to to well like well you know okay you know you know to to to to to to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was um I mean so um well like okay just another blunder blunder blunder blunder blunder blunder blunder blunder by a country attempting to um um like like um um okay conduct Spy Games over the years there have been been been been been been okay well you know uh you know I mean so been been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those so okay you know you know um well you know those those those those those those those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into uh um well well so well so the list. I will say that that that that that that that that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.