What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape so okay well so well like well podcast where where where where where where where where we talk to you about how you can you know uh I mean like I mean you know like start and grow your hardscaping business in in in in in in in in uh okay uh okay well you know I mean this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every I mean so um uh I mean like um day day day day day day day day this week. You are likely going I mean like I mean so I mean like you know to get an episode based on the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic like okay okay like okay like um topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this like well so uh um okay um this this this this this this this week is starting with today's episode okay you know so uh like well like is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend friend friend friend friend friend I mean you know well so okay um like friend friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk you know like you know uh um you know uh with us about about about about about about about about acquiring the right type um well um well uh you know so of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the the the the the the you know so um um okay uh okay the the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and uh you know okay so well okay okay how to get them them them them them them them them into your business as okay well like okay okay um you know leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome awesome awesome awesome so like uh okay like well okay awesome awesome awesome awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So um uh I mean okay um you know you know without further Ado here here here here here here here here is our interview um um uh like uh you know uh with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He He He He He He He um so I mean like uh um like He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for for um um you know okay you know um like for for for for for for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.