Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm okay uh um like well okay I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan and this week. We've got uh uh um so you know um I mean a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're we're we're we're we're we're uh like uh I mean I mean uh okay we're we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the okay uh I mean I mean I mean okay like news and and and and and and and and I think the bigger well like you know so well I mean uh story which we thought was kind of entertaining was was was was was was you know okay um you know I mean you know like was was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to well like you know I mean well well I mean India. Oh, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes Trump went to India so uh I mean you know you know like okay and then when he was there, I mean, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um um um okay um look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the okay well okay well um so you know the the the the the the the time and we've tried to avoid it because so uh I mean like okay so you know they like to be boring right now. I I I I I I I I want I mean you know like so okay uh okay to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So you know uh um I mean okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I think I think everyone like so okay uh okay you know uh would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking okay okay um I mean um um so talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he like so like I mean I mean like okay tried his hardest hardest hardest hardest hardest hardest hardest hardest to get there okay you know uh like um okay um like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having having having I mean okay you know like okay okay you know having having having having having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about you know okay I mean you know well uh so Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.