You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to I mean uh you know I mean well you know you know to to to to to to to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd well um okay I mean well I mean okay snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March March March March March March March March 5th or um um uh um you know um um reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. 6th 6th you know like well uh like well uh 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's uh well uh like you know I mean well going to be a break again after that that that that that that that that like um like so like I mean you know first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit so um you know uh um you know uh as many many many many many many many many podcasts as we can. Take a so so okay you know uh I mean um relief following practices that are open to to to to to to to to okay so I mean um like well well the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus so um well um I mean so okay and the beauties. Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties. They're all full because okay I mean like um uh like so that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll we'll we'll we'll like like like okay so so uh we'll we'll we'll we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think so okay I mean well like okay um we mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned that last podcast well take two like I mean you know uh like so uh hours to get a or an hour to get her her her her her well okay like so okay okay um her her her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit like so so so um you know um on your your your your your your your your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually you know well okay like well you know like set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.