Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify well well so I mean you know okay uh Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all um uh well okay like um I mean of your favorite artists and podcast and and and and and and and and so I mean uh well uh like okay one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that uh you know uh like um okay uh that that that that that that that is great because let's face it. We are well I mean okay I mean um okay so all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit these well okay um um um okay well days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never never never you know I mean so uh well um I mean never never never never never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening you know okay okay okay like um you know to with your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram okay okay well like like well I mean and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever you know so um uh um uh um whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too okay okay you know um uh I mean I mean many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but this one okay like um you know um like uh is actually useful. So if you haven't done so so so so so so I mean well like you know so like uh so so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify well so I mean uh like so well or or or or or or or or browse podcasts in the you are well you know uh like like I mean well Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us us us us us us us you know uh so I mean you know um uh us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That well so I mean well like well so being said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, let's get into today's episode. You know uh well uh um I mean okay. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to to to to uh so well okay so um so to to to to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.