It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you you you okay well um well you know so I mean you you you you you don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse you know uh like so like uh like because you have expenses. Expenses expenses expenses expenses expenses expenses expenses. If you okay like so so uh um uh don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up so okay like you know so so um up up up up up up up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting well uh okay uh I mean I mean um bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your your your your your your your your listing make okay you know well so I mean okay so your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning winning winning uh uh so you know I mean um okay winning winning winning winning winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher so um um uh um you know uh price point taking you from the red red red red red red red red into the um um you know uh okay well you know black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb like well okay okay okay like you know Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more like I mean you know I mean so so uh bookings. Welcome back back back back back back back back are being the so so I mean well like like like family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I mean I mean you know okay okay um I'm I'm I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of um I mean so I mean I mean so okay commitment or permanence. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of these are going to uh like well um um well I mean be super simple to implement. They're just going to be be be be be um like you know well well like so be be be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some um like so you know um okay like deep thought some might might might might might might might might even require a little uh uh so I mean okay okay um bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.