Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always you know like like like so like uh always always always always always always always amazed with much League hosting skills, so well you know I mean I mean I mean okay huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. Skills skills skills skills skills skills skills. I like uh I mean like uh so you know mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already already already I mean like so uh I mean like you know already already already already already listened to you enough the last two days, but I mean I mean okay so well so you know welcome. We have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff to you know so like I mean you know uh well go over today. Not really because we just watch the same same same same okay well well okay uh like uh same same same same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools uh I mean so okay uh okay um now. Yeah. Thanks both both both both both both both both of you on the um so I mean uh like I mean okay ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion companion companion companion like uh so you know okay so um companion companion companion companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on so like like like uh uh uh this this this this this this this this pan. So now you're actually targeting you know so I mean like okay so um me during the podcast when I saw you live say say say say say like um so I mean you know uh you know say say say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm you know you know you know you know um I mean you know trying to dig into your own own own own own own own own insecurities so you know well uh uh okay well about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections so uh like uh I mean um um selections selections selections selections selections selections selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't uh well okay so okay I mean I mean think of to like, I woke up up up up up up up you know like I mean okay well well uh up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.