You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured structured you know um so okay well okay so structured structured structured structured structured structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. You know um like okay um you know you know. Yeah, I think I think think think think think think think think duration work in general um I mean I mean I mean like I mean okay helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to to to to okay okay well I mean I mean so um to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get I mean um I mean so I mean you know okay me me me me me me me me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like uh so so I mean uh so you know we never usually talk about exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise on I mean so like like uh so like the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge like like you know uh like okay you know huge huge huge huge huge huge huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw I mean like so like uh I mean you know you don't have to feed raw, but there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so so okay so so so you know there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got I mean okay um uh you know um okay a a a a a a a a great how to start your like okay okay so you know um I mean dog on Raw e-book on our website that that that that that that that that okay you know I mean I mean so so so you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and you know so so well okay okay well then then then then then then then then we're big on engagement games or like so I mean you know uh like so big on training, but we're really really really really really really really really big as I mean um okay you know okay I mean um pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog dog dog dog dog you know like well okay um okay well dog dog dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.