You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast I mean well like I mean I mean okay like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are uh uh you know um um like you know certain tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record like I mean um so you know okay okay and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute okay okay like you know um so like distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard I mean uh like I mean okay uh you know on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many well okay okay like I mean well like more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership I mean uh like okay like well so listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I well okay uh you know okay I mean you know want to to to to to to to to ask you a question. Are uh I mean okay you know uh I mean well you living the life you want to live? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody well I mean like um um I mean I mean has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that okay like um okay uh you know you know that that that that that that that life. You want to live my question to so you know I mean like uh so uh you is simple. Are you currently currently currently currently currently currently currently you know um um well um um so currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are like like uh so I mean like well often somewhere close to to to to to to to to it seems impossible. It's well uh uh I mean so like I mean too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those those those those those okay you know okay I mean you know okay okay those those those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.