Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want okay well um I mean uh okay uh okay you you you you you you you you you to tweet me your feedback on you know like um you know so um you know well how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So So So well uh um you know I mean uh you know so So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag uh okay you know okay uh I mean uh well garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with the W in uh like I mean you know um you know you know okay there as well so I can see your feedback on on on on um you know I mean I mean you know well well okay on on on on on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on like like I mean you know so well like okay Twitter on how you like listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening well I mean like you know uh like so okay to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with um uh well so I mean you know uh uh with with with with with with with with double. He's then please enjoy this day okay so you know so I mean okay you know like Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about about about about about about about about like uh um okay well well so well about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. Like you know so okay like like you know so. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to call somebody in you know you know uh you know well well um so LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your your your your your your your your your um like so um uh you know you know like question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome like you know I mean so I mean so uh um handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John I mean okay well like uh like um you know in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.