Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because I mean okay you know well like um like uh because because because because because because because because it's the easiest way to make a so you know well okay okay you know like um podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. Free free free free free free free so okay you know well like um um I mean free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation okay well okay uh like um I mean okay creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record like well uh well I mean you know so well and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or you know okay well okay um like so well or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on you know so I mean you know so well so I mean Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many many okay uh you know so well like like uh more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard heard heard heard okay so uh you know okay like so like heard heard heard heard heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with okay so okay uh okay uh like you know no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything. You okay so so I mean you know uh you know um need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a uh like like like you know okay uh uh lot can can can can can can can can can I'm thinking of starting I mean so like so so like okay I mean a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with with with with with okay well uh um I mean uh um well with with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F uh well like well well like okay uh m-- to get started started started started started started started started started today. The following well well um uh you know so you know um is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.