Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about like so I mean uh um you know uh I mean starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast? You know you have uh um you know well I mean well well you know if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's you know okay so I mean I mean um so okay it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, you know I mean like well I mean uh um I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. That means no well okay well okay um you know I mean so money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that that that that that okay um um so like you know you know like that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from I mean you know so I mean so okay uh okay your phone or or or or or or or or or computer. It's just that easy anchor you know so you know okay okay okay well like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can okay okay uh um uh okay like so can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the well well I mean okay well I mean so well soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on you know so you know so uh uh I mean you know eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from from from um well uh like so so so so from from from from from from your podcast and you don't have to have uh well uh um uh um so well any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need need need need need need need uh okay I mean uh um like you know well need need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download I mean like okay like well you know okay okay the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go well I mean I mean I mean okay um um well to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.