Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why okay well um so okay so you know well reading and friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship matter for women like uh well well well so uh you know and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman um you know okay um well well well I mean Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman and author speaker and founder of I mean um uh I mean I mean uh I mean um well-read mom. My passion is to help women read read read read read read read uh um well I mean I mean um uh um read read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for well uh I mean you know uh uh you know I mean leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure friendship and literature to view our uh uh um so okay okay okay well booklets or join a group near you visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit uh you know I mean uh um like so I mean while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read mom. Uh I mean like well you know I mean so like. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for joining you know I mean I mean you know uh uh I mean like us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into into into into into into well okay uh uh okay so you know I mean into into into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked you know okay um like so uh uh okay so we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll get started right away. I mean okay you know well well you know like like. The first question that came from our members this year and and and and okay like um uh um you know so you know and and and and and some of our leaders was can you help me like I mean so I mean so okay uh okay understand the membership terms meaning when when when when when when when when when uh um so so like um well uh women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.