And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by uh so like like I mean um um so our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests Jackson Bales and Connor um like uh I mean so uh I mean well Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? you um well um like okay uh like okay you you you you you you you Good good, Connor, what's going on with okay uh I mean um okay um like okay you along grades? I thanks for having me and and and and and I mean like uh well so I mean well um and and and and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really like so well like so I mean so so excited. This is the podcast. I I I I I I I I I you know okay so I mean you know so uh so originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle full-circle full-circle okay you know well like like okay so you know full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle full-circle moment for the three of us to finally uh you know I mean well okay so I mean so be able to do this and on such such such such such such such such so okay like okay you know okay I mean well such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at I mean so well you know so I mean like you know home both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here um um like so well uh I mean so are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this this this this um okay uh um so okay well you know this this this this this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so like like uh well like um okay uh Connor, why don't you just just just just just just just just just tell us you know so okay okay I mean um so okay a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with so uh okay okay I mean like okay um Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, I mean well you know um uh um you know okay like I said it back on my first podcast like like like like like uh you know um you know I mean okay um like like like like like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.