All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't don't I mean like you know so well okay you know like don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how you're listening to this podcast okay um I mean like um you know well well right now. Thank you for listening by by by by by by by by by the like so so well I mean okay okay I mean way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay so well I mean well uh like you know make make make make make make make make a podcast. I know everybody's been so I mean okay um I mean so well okay locked up during this quarantine and a few few few few few few few few like so so you know um I mean okay okay few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get so like uh like um um I mean well their their their their their their their their their podcast started or distribute it out you know uh like um so uh you know well there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. Free free free free free like um um um like you know well okay free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, you know okay you know um uh like okay well right? Your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer? You well uh so um you know well you know so can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of of of of of of like I mean I mean well uh so okay uh of of of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come uh you know well well um like okay uh and and and and and and and and and keep harassing us and anchor like you know you know okay uh okay I mean well will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on on on on on like um um so well um you know uh on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels I mean I mean uh okay so like well okay that are podcast is is is is is is is is is on some of them. I mean well um um okay well I mean so. I never even heard of so it does the work work work work um okay I mean I mean well like like I mean work work work work work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.