Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's like uh well um so okay um um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make uh okay well you know well so okay I mean a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools um you know you know okay well like uh I mean tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know okay like um like you know um well your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes well you know I mean uh um uh well okay your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast so okay okay I mean you know okay um well and and and and and and and and and whatever else they distribute to you so I mean um so you know well like I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum um I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean you know minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one um you know like um I mean uh um so place. Download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to like so uh uh I mean uh so so Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. You you you you you okay well like okay um well um so you you you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning you know you know like okay like okay well well in. This is is is is is is is is is the Hawkeye okay like I mean so you know I mean you know okay Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind kind kind um um uh well well I mean well you know kind kind kind kind kind kind of just kept us on one basis and uh you know well you know I mean like like you know we kind of do a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit uh like uh well you know well like okay bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.