Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Sean Sean uh well well you know um like okay well Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm well um like um well like I mean so getting over being sick and just getting getting getting getting getting getting uh I mean well you know you know um um so getting getting getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying you know um so well so well well well to recoup its its its its its its its its its weird. But I'm I mean so okay you know you know um I mean you know headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. Direction direction direction direction direction I mean so like well uh so you know um direction direction direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On you know uh um so uh so well like the the the the the the the the the mend we did a couple patreon I mean like I mean well uh I mean you know I mean exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and and and and and and and well I mean like you know okay um uh um and and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck like like well I mean you know like I mean I mean it it it it it it it it it out for our wonderful um you know so you know you know uh okay you know patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate okay you know well you know okay you know um okay appreciate appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the uh um um well um so you know I mean episode make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you're following us on uh you know like uh I mean uh uh like our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of of of of of okay so I mean so so um well like of of of of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are um um uh so you know well well okay doing very very well. Well well well well well well well well. Good job, like um um okay um so you know like but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.