Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I well so so I mean so um um I mean I I I I I I I I was scrolling through Facebook the other okay um so you know you know well I mean well day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song song song song song song song uh you know um um um um okay I mean song song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And so uh uh uh you know um well so all it did did did did did did did did did for me was remind I mean you know okay like like uh you know I mean me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which which which which so like you know uh okay you know um well which which which which which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I I mean uh you know okay okay okay uh um mean, first of all when you come come come come come come come come come you know you know um I mean um I mean I mean so up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've um okay uh I mean um like okay so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've nailed life love is in need like you know you know uh you know well I mean uh of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder I mean like like I mean okay okay I mean uh Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message I mean I mean you know like uh like well you know on it. Is that Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's in you know like I mean so so so well um Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to to to to uh um uh well well so okay um to to to to to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I you know like okay you know you know you know uh uh wanted to get get get get get get get get get you to consider you know well uh you know well uh okay you know that you can apply this to lots of things in your life life life uh you know um like you know like like so life life life life life life and fundamentally you are in need well I mean okay um I mean like you know um of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.