This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope um so I mean well um uh well so hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you're well today. Do you think uh like uh um you know I mean well like you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment moment moment moment moment moment well I mean well you know well like okay okay moment moment moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was like well um like well like like well really surprised. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's always really surprising uh you know well like okay you know so I mean when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good good like you know um well um uh I mean you know good good good good good good good at that and then someone asks you a I mean okay okay you know okay like well well question and you go always like that. I I I I I I I okay okay uh okay like so like I mean I I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I you know like so like well you know um so I I I I I I I I have been challenged this week and um um you know um you know okay so well And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It It It It so well you know uh okay so like well It It It It It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you okay okay okay I mean I mean um well okay you you you you you you you you your instinct says right. I need I mean you know uh okay so I mean well so to move away from this. I don't want want want want want want want like I mean uh okay uh well like like want want to go there t harv Eker in his book. I mean um like so you know so um okay. The millionaire mindset says life gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets easy um um um well well okay um so when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard like you know you know well um you know uh well hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard stuff. So something is really challenging you know uh so well okay you know well so you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.