Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give like I mean I mean um okay like um I mean you you you you you you you you you guys a well I mean you know you know uh I mean you know well quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all all all all all all well well um like I mean um well like all all all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free so uh I mean you know um um I mean like Hallelujah. No No No No No No No No No premium account necessary you know so um I mean like like okay okay Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including including including so uh well uh I mean well uh okay including including including including including including the one you're listening to right now and so so well well okay I mean so um you can follow those podcast. So So So So So So So So So you never uh I mean I mean so okay I mean well well miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends friends I mean you know well I mean um well um like friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. And if you are a you know um um uh okay um so so premium user you can download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen like well I mean well so like so I mean to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so well okay I mean you know I mean I mean well I mean already be be be be be be be be be sure to download the Spotify um like so okay okay um you know so app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in so so I mean you know you know okay so uh in in in in the your library Tab and give us a follow. I mean you know um uh like I mean um like. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode speaking you know like okay you know you know um like um of which let's see what we've got got got got got got got got got um like I mean um I mean you know um uh on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt okay okay okay well like like um so and shame good and and and and and and and and and bad ways to um so you know so okay well okay okay feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.