So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First well so like okay um you know you know you know of of of of of of of of of all going to look at a okay okay you know so you know okay you know so summary of what happens in seems one and two two two two two two two so okay okay well so uh well okay two two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned so so well I mean so like okay like King Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo speaks to himself. He's uh um so uh you know uh so um afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get get get get get get get I mean uh you know um I mean well I mean like get get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I like okay so um okay um you know so quote quote quote quote quote quote quote quote quote still hopes that this means like so I mean okay so I mean um so his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He He He He He He He so like okay well uh like I mean okay He He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his well okay um like you know so I mean like best best best best best best best best best friend. Of course that's out on a horse well you know you know so okay okay uh um ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in in in in in in in in okay okay I mean uh um so um so in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He I mean uh so um you know uh like you know must feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel secure as king so okay so you know well okay uh so to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is is is uh you know okay you know you know uh okay um is is is is is is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his uh um so so um you know I mean okay crown saying there is none none none none none none none none none but well uh so um uh well you know uh he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards okay um I mean so um like um okay backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.