A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and romy. Okay well uh so okay you know like um. Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Well well you know so um uh so um. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and and and and and and and and like well you know you know I mean you know well well and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you well well well okay well you know okay like just stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble in on this moment um so I mean uh I mean okay um okay of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a a a uh well well I mean uh uh well okay a a a a a a sudden like hand in my shots, and I mean so I mean uh you know well well I mean he was feeding me like, you know something if if if if if if if if uh I mean um you know uh okay like um if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's you know I mean you know well well uh um so just the the the the the the the the the two of us. You know uh um like I mean I mean well you know. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching watching uh I mean uh um so I mean I mean so watching watching watching watching watching watching watching us like dance around with a microphone and so okay uh you know I mean you know I mean um then we just fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade into their lives. You know um you know okay uh I mean you know I mean. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their their their like um I mean well so so um okay their their their their their their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. So I mean you know I mean you know um uh um. Don't you don't you must have have have have have have have have have a lot uh I mean well uh okay well you know like of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, um uh okay like so so like um Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of like I mean uh so like um like you know in we're talking about those those those those those those those those those are okay well so um um um like uh some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo I mean uh you know okay so like um I mean Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.