The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls I mean so well so you know um I mean uh that that that that that that that that that were friends and they wanted um uh okay well I mean well so okay to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do do do you know okay I mean okay I mean well you know like do do do do do do it how we get it out there how we you know like okay like well I mean I mean um record it. And you know, thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully thankfully so uh well you know okay uh like so I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had okay well well you know uh um you know okay when we we we we we we we we we first started out this would have been okay you know like uh okay well I mean okay way way easier and it's much much much much much much much much much I mean uh you know like well you know like like easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far you know um like you know you know well okay uh the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast okay um like so I mean you know I mean like it gives you everything you need. In one place place place place place place place like okay well well like so you know okay place place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy um I mean well like like you know um I mean recording equipment or anything and and and and and and and and and like uh uh so well like you know so you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. Free you know uh um well I mean like so um free free free free free free free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you uh um you know uh like so um okay all the creation tools. You need to to to to to to to to to uh okay um like like okay like um edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have have you know well well like well I mean I mean so have have have have have have have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.