Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Well um I mean um so so you know you know. Taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of uh I mean well uh I mean okay so okay the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's tomorrow so I mean you know well uh you know so okay and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the like um um so okay you know like okay the the the the the the the the freaks out the weekends for the so okay um like okay okay I mean well freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode okay like so um uh you know I mean uh episode episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I well like um like so I mean so like I I I I I I I I will be in Iowa City at well you know well I mean you know I mean well okay Gabe's and then the next day of March the the the the the the uh like I mean you know like um I mean like the the the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of okay like I mean so I mean like um you know those shows are are are are are are are are are on the E - okay okay like okay like you know okay um a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If If If If If If If If I mean so okay well okay I mean um so If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I you know okay uh I mean I mean so so you know want want want want want want want want want to talk about fucking up uh well um like um I mean you know okay and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get get get get uh you know uh okay so okay well so get get get get get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and you know okay like well uh you know uh I mean the intro song this week is is is is is is is is is actually a song you know well like so you know I mean well um that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.