Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler you know um so um I mean uh well you know Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do like um well I mean okay uh like I mean is we have top ten lists. These are are are are are are are are um you know uh um so okay uh I mean are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If I mean um uh so so I mean so you know If If If If If If If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving um uh so well okay okay like like us a review on Apple podcasts or or or or or or or or well uh okay I mean so okay uh you know or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media well okay uh I mean I mean I mean I mean so on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I okay okay okay I mean um um like uh am at Simon Whistler one word come and and and and and and you know you know like um uh like well like and and and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this um so uh well like okay uh I mean show and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it. Hello. I mean well so well you know so I mean okay. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And And And And And And so like uh well uh like like uh And And And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to so I mean like like okay okay so you know manipulate your brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain without okay I mean so uh um um like okay using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many many many I mean you know you know um I mean well okay like many many many many many many people will tell you that at one point or another I mean okay so like uh well okay you know they have had some experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience where they thought uh okay like you know you know uh I mean uh they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they they they well uh so okay like well uh uh they they they they they they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a um um uh I mean like so um you know place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.