It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City City well so I mean um um um well so City City City City City City City office is right now and every time he okay well like well like uh you know you know needs to make a change she has has has has has has has has has uh uh you know uh well you know so like to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's that's that's uh uh like I mean uh well um like that's that's that's that's that's that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar well so well so well okay well like punk rock revolutionary sort of of of of of of of of of in the startup lifestyle. Um okay um well well I mean so you know. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to to to to to to well okay like well okay you know uh um to to to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the I mean um you know uh so well okay um recording system inside. Inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. Of um well okay so you know uh well so it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Recording well okay uh so you know you know like well recording recording recording recording recording recording recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a so I mean I mean well well um uh I mean big sloppy pizza and I do do do do do do do do do need to I mean so I mean so you know okay so I mean dig around in there and then I do get if I say, say, say, I mean okay well you know so I mean so like say, say, say, say, say, say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell you know well like well okay well um like does shoot a Koosh ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball at I mean okay um I mean okay um you know so me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about about I mean um well like well okay you know um about about about about about about about that. Those have a lot of well uh you know you know I mean so okay I mean ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.