Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast podcast uh um well like you know um like I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting service and they make things so so um so I mean well I mean well you know simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes comes comes comes comes comes comes okay I mean okay okay um uh uh you know comes comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. Uh well um I mean uh you know like okay. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You name it? They've got a I mean um um uh I mean uh I mean you know way to distribute to it on top of of of of of of of of uh so well you know well uh like well of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much like well uh I mean okay so well okay simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler back when I started podcasting. Like like you know like uh okay uh so. It was an entire to do you had had had had had had had so you know um you know well okay well you know had had to know how to record it where to record it how to well okay well I mean well so well like upload it pay for for for for for for for for for the hosting well you know I mean well you know you know you know okay did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook hook hook so so you know okay uh um you know okay hook hook hook hook hook hook you up with advertisers so that you can make so so so okay uh okay okay well money download the anchor app or go go go go go go go go go like so well um well uh well so to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on on okay I mean okay like like well like you know on on on on on on on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and I mean you know well uh um like okay okay other shows at patreon.com forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward slash Kyle uh um I mean okay well like well well Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only only only so so you know so so uh so uh only only only only only only if you want to hear the inner workings okay well like you know so um I mean um of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.