Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I um like okay okay like okay you know uh I I I I I I I hope you guys are having a so uh so uh I mean so well um beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part part part part part part you know uh um so well well you know so part part part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying like you know like um uh okay uh so to to to to to to to to to release this one. So this like uh well you know I mean well like like episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There There There There okay I mean you know I mean you know um like so There There There There There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for well like you know so so uh like um you guys to to to to to to to to to hear it. I mean okay okay okay you know well um okay. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going you know like okay like like okay like I mean Going Going Going Going Going Going Going Going back and listening to part 1 it's uh okay I mean uh okay so uh well not absolutely imperative. But I do think that that that that that that that so um okay so you know so um like that that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the well you know well okay so well you know okay way that that that that that that that that that she parents it's all okay um um well you know um like okay like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when when when when when um okay um I mean you know I mean you know well when when when when you know where she came from part 1 is all about um so you know you know you know so I mean okay her life as as as as as as as as as a young girl how so okay so so so uh so so she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young young young young I mean well you know so okay I mean well you know young young young young young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage so like uh uh well you know like um and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.