Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know um so um I mean so okay uh you know that our our our our our our our our our podcast is supported by anchor. You know uh you know like like well um uh. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um like you know I mean I mean um um I mean it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's okay well um okay uh well well well creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record well uh I mean okay so I mean um I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um uh uh like well um you know um I'm I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor uh like like you know um so okay okay Wilkins will distribute. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry your podcast for you. Well well so okay uh uh okay well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more you know um so okay you know well uh like more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with well so you know okay you know uh uh you know no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't um so uh well okay um uh like talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor okay so uh well like well you know well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started okay um like okay okay so uh so now back to the the the the the the the the the show. Wash up uh well okay so uh okay uh okay Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an an uh like I mean well um I mean um I mean an an an an an an an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the like so okay well well well well uh good old boy from Dayton Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio okay um uh like you know I mean like uh a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.