What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford like well so well well uh so I mean in in in in in in in in in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm you know okay you know okay like like uh I mean enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 um okay like okay uh uh well well 2020 2020 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame uh you know well I mean okay okay I mean like combo for you you you you you you you you you Michael. We didn't you know okay okay so uh um um well get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San San San San okay like well I mean I mean so uh you know San San San San San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three okay you know like like uh uh you know I mean in a row row row row row row row row row prior The well like like okay I mean I mean uh like Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort like okay well so okay okay like well sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of reflect on the fact that you know like um I mean so I mean uh well the Leafs won three games in. Road that that that that that like um you know I mean you know okay um I mean that that that that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with you know uh I mean well you know uh uh um them Florida a a a a a a a a a few points behind them okay okay well you know I mean uh um okay Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver I mean you know uh like um well okay um Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western um well uh well uh okay okay okay Conference. They come up against against against against against against against against against the um uh I mean okay uh like you know uh team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are okay okay I mean like um uh um like out out out out out out out out out of it that are basically, um uh okay you know uh you know well well you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed outplayed outplayed outplayed outplayed you know so like so um um well like outplayed outplayed outplayed outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.