All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We you know um I mean like well so uh you know We We We We We We We have brought him in yet once again and you know okay okay like so okay okay okay yet once again another another another another another another another another another action-packed power um you know so like well uh so uh suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked asked asked uh well um well I mean I mean um um asked asked asked asked asked asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type I mean uh uh like so you know you know so of soup come in the studio? studio studio studio studio studio studio studio you know I mean well um um I mean I mean um studio It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix mix okay I mean I mean you know um um well like mix mix mix mix mix mix mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. Like okay like okay okay I mean uh like. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That That That That That That That That That you um uh so like well uh you know okay Tyler this guy is dialed in and now what it what is is is I mean I mean like like well I mean uh I mean is is is is is is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you well I mean um uh well okay so you know know, it adds adds adds adds adds adds adds adds adds a little flare a well like well okay well like uh I mean little spice. So you are and are you going to to to to to um well so I mean uh um so so to to to to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my I mean you know uh well well I mean I mean like work work work work work work work work work shifts. So well, well I mean uh like you know so well well so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed action-packed I mean I mean well like I mean uh like I mean action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big okay so you know I mean um you know well uh before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.