If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know so you know you know um uh like uh a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's well you know uh um um so okay okay free. Secondly, they give you creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools uh so so um you know so like I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone uh uh you know like so well I mean like phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well uh you know okay so well um you know for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on like like okay um you know like well so on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no you know um so um you know well like I mean no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need you know I mean uh um um um um um to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download okay uh so I mean uh so um well download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get uh you know well I mean well so you know uh started started started started started started started started started today. Welcome to the flip well I mean um uh um um um I mean the script podcast. I'm your host in a a a a a a a um uh I mean uh you know um so uh a a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store uh um okay uh like like like uh in closet name is is is is is is is is is elle. Well you know you know um I mean well well like. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as I mean uh well well like okay you know okay as as as as as as as as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited you know uh uh uh okay um um so about this week's guest I had the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity well so okay I mean uh um you know so opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.