What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and uh so I mean I mean uh I mean so okay and and and and and and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see like like um you know so so so uh of chilling Adventures of of of of of of of of of Sabrina season 3 well I mean like so uh um okay well episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is is is is is is well uh well well I mean so so so is is is Legend and don't forget guys stick around for the any because I mean okay uh I mean uh um uh um we are are are are are are are are are going to go through our okay um I mean so I mean like I mean uh recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of of of of of of you know I mean like um I mean you know okay like of of of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. Um so uh so you know um you know like. We also have have have have have have have have have our contest going on you know well so I mean uh okay well like right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon I mean okay so you know uh uh well uh Amazon Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments on you know like um so like okay okay you know our iTunes page page page page page page page page page and you'll be well so okay I mean uh you know okay um entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season you know I mean okay so I mean like so like season season season season season season season season for so we have lots of time I mean so well I mean I mean well uh you know as always to or containing listeners in a a a a a okay uh um okay okay um you know so a a a a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget uh um okay so um uh um you know to like comment and subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe um like uh I mean you know so I mean you know to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. Well uh okay you know uh I mean well okay. Finale finale finale finale finale finale finale finale. What do you think? It was so you know like well you know so uh okay it was good? It was really good. They're a a a a a a a okay um uh I mean well you know like I mean a a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.