Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, uh like okay um well well well I mean again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and we are chatting okay so you know uh so I mean um I mean about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting getting getting getting getting getting getting um you know you know okay um you know you know uh getting getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished well okay so you know so like well uh and now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sharing all the tips um I mean I mean okay um you know I mean so and techniques and ideas that I use in my my my my my my my my so so okay I mean I mean so you know so my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting starting okay um I mean um well like um well starting starting starting starting starting starting starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you so um um well okay so um well by my online class layer by layer layer layer layer layer layer layer I mean um you know like so you know so uh layer layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from um uh I mean you know well so um like start to finish. Finish finish finish finish finish finish finish finish. So if you'd like like okay okay like um I mean so I mean to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward forward forward forward forward um um I mean uh I mean uh like um forward forward forward forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget you know I mean uh you know like you know well well to use the coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon code. The coupon is uh well uh uh uh you know okay okay 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save save save save uh like uh you know you know I mean uh so save save save save save 20% on that class up to the 19th like okay um you know like um like well of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.