The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening okay um like you know I mean uh I mean okay to think think think think think think think think think fags. When big bank and I mean uh like uh so uh um uh DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of of of of of well well um like you know um well well of of of of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big I mean well so um um you know um so fashion big big big big big big big big big bank. We got I mean I mean um uh uh you know okay I mean family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome Welcome okay well I mean well I mean like um okay Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. You know okay okay well I mean okay like you know. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's okay okay like uh like uh so so a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just just just uh you know uh okay um um um I mean just just just just just just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, I mean uh well well I mean you know so like one of your partner and well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, why you know so you know I mean I mean um like like don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we I mean I mean well so uh okay you know okay know know know know know know know know know you're going to do is just addition I mean like okay well like I mean like okay is swear that you going to to to to to to to to to tell the I mean okay well um well I mean so I mean truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast fast fast fast fast uh I mean so uh well okay okay well fast fast fast fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what okay okay uh uh you know I mean uh uh we left left left left left left left left left off last time I mean um you know I mean okay um well I mean we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping like like you know I mean well like so I mean wrapping wrapping wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts uh well uh I mean um like uh you know of it, but certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain parts of it you I mean so so I mean uh you know well I mean like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.