Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has okay um you know well I mean I mean like well been divided divided divided divided divided divided divided divided divided into two parts. This like uh I mean so uh like um okay is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book book book book book like um well so okay you know uh uh book book book book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim okay um I mean like um you know uh so not only claims. Claims claims claims claims claims claims claims claims. The Antichrist is already uh uh okay well um uh you know I mean Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. Discussions discussions discussions you know like you know okay okay um um you know discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. Like well okay um I mean uh you know um. The night may may may may may may may may may be long and the dark maybe um uh like so you know I mean like um deep but the answers are there to be found found found found found found found you know uh well well you know um well like found found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right I mean okay I mean so so you know uh well place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go beyond reality Our well so like so like you know okay okay Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a a I mean well well I mean so you know um well a a a a a a a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about okay like well um so um uh um that next. But before we we we we we we we we we do just like you know well um like um um you know a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our our our our our well well um so you know uh okay okay our our our our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV um like so um I mean I mean uh well Johnson when you find it hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit the Subscribe button. Uh well uh like I mean you know uh well. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.