I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, like I mean like well okay well I mean like Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to so um like like um well so so touch base with all of you because it it it it it it it it um so well I mean you know like you know I mean it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though so so uh like um I mean uh um we've been on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break. I usually only um like uh okay I mean like okay well send an email with a link to the theory theory theory theory theory theory theory I mean uh so well like I mean I mean uh theory theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in um like like so well like you know um the in your your your your your your your your your clinical group, but not well okay like so well I mean uh okay your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or or or or or uh okay um well well well well uh or or or or tell them to contact me so I can send them so so so okay I mean you know like uh the link. This is important important important important important important important important important information well um uh I mean you know well you know I mean that I want all of you to have. It's going to be be be be be well okay you know uh um okay you know I mean be be be be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you well so like you know uh you know I mean uh to to to to to to to to to have good communication with the uh so uh like you know I mean you know uh nursing program over the next several weeks. You You You You You You You You so like uh well well like well you know You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You like I mean okay um well well so so need need need need need need need need need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.