Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to um I mean okay well okay okay okay okay to to to to to to to thank you for your support and listening to well okay I mean so um well uh like each episode and I hope you you you you you you you you you well you know so uh I mean you know uh I mean enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to I mean okay like um so I mean I mean you know make make make make make make make make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that well uh okay you know so uh so I mean allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right so okay well uh I mean so well uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for like well I mean um uh like um you know for for for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a uh okay like you know um so like like podcast Google podcast and and and and and and and and and many more you can you know uh I mean um um like so so also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need uh uh you know well um okay uh okay need need need need need to make a successful podcast download the free. Okay um I mean so well um so well. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to um uh well well uh okay you know um get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give give uh like like um well you know I mean I mean give give give give give give give them 10 times the value that they expect you know like uh you know okay you know so you know will comes to mind is my book The The The The The The The uh um so you know okay I mean I mean so The The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I um so you know well uh uh um so rewrote it over over over over over over over over over 50 times every line. I I mean you know well I mean okay okay well I mean wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.