Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would okay you know okay uh you know you know um I mean like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you to download I mean okay like okay I mean uh well okay the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to um okay like well so um I mean you know Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy so I mean I mean okay well okay so you know easy easy easy easy easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know well you know you know you know okay uh well I mean publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If If If If If If I had um uh well okay you know so uh uh only known it like five ten years before early because all all all well like you know I mean uh you know uh so all all all all all all I need to do is download the anchor. I have so well um uh like so okay uh record my voice in it and just just just just just just just um um I mean um okay you know okay okay just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will so uh um you know okay well so you know publish it in in in in in in in in in all the major like okay I mean you know well um you know well podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need need like okay um uh um so you know uh need need need need need need need to do anything else. So this is just okay uh you know you know okay okay uh so too awesome guys. You also need to to to to to to to to to make I mean uh you know you know like so so I mean use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, content, uh okay um um uh uh like I mean content, content, content, content, content, content, content, which you feel that needs to well well um like I mean like um um reach out to the world or simply want to to to to to to um uh okay you know so I mean um uh to to to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone I mean I mean well I mean you know uh uh well welcome back to my my my my my my my my my shoes well okay okay um so like you know well podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.