Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about about about okay uh um okay I mean okay well like about about about about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It um um I mean well you know um uh um is called anchor this is the app. I I I I I I I like um um I mean like I mean so I mean I I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend so well uh okay so you know um okay of of of of of of of of of mine who actually does it as I mean you know like um okay um you know you know well because I thought at first oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh uh uh like so you know so I mean you know my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to I mean um well I mean so um well I mean do do do do do do do do do it? I have no equipment. I have no um so so you know like well so like money and I want to ensure that that that that that that that that well um you know you know well okay uh uh that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do you know um so you know well um well I mean do do do do do do do do we do that on a platform um you know so so I mean okay well uh without spending a lot of ton of of of of of of of of of okay like well um like well well um money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about about you know uh okay like so um well okay about about about about about about about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you well I mean like like uh well okay like to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast bright well uh uh like you know I mean okay I mean from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so uh so I mean um like like like you know we can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify um uh okay um okay like you know so Apple podcast and many more and you can make money money money money money I mean so you know uh uh like like I mean money money money money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever okay you know you know well so I mean well well with no minimum listenership. So So So So So So So So So if um so well you know so like well you know you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do you know like I mean okay like uh well well it. It it it it it it it it. It's everything you need to make like well uh um okay um I mean um a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.