I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did okay I mean you know um okay so um uh Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you ever take banned substances to enhance um I mean I mean I mean I mean uh uh you know your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior knowledge so well you know I mean I mean uh okay uh of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible so uh like you know uh um so uh irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, so you know like well well uh you know well it is. Oops the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we I mean so so so I mean uh okay I mean are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a so you know you know so well I mean so well special special special special special special special special special guest today Mateo Lane High like like okay okay so you know uh like buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes well you know so like you know well like uh minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director so I mean like you know um like uh okay director director director director director director director director my I mean, I really divided well okay um um uh you know okay okay up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins you know like I mean I mean okay um uh well Collins Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three uh okay so uh like like I mean um years ago. Ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. I walked in and so you know okay you know uh like um so he told me on the spot that it was going to to to to to like so well you know um uh well um to to to to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit uh um um I mean like you know uh well Mike. You have to to to to to to to to to let people you know I mean okay like um well so so fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.