Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? okay you know well okay well okay well you know you you you you you you you you I'm good. How are well like so so like um uh okay you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's it's it's it's I mean you know so so uh like um um it's it's it's it's it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we I mean like uh I mean like well okay so last recorded. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and we recorded this uh uh uh well you know okay like um coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is is is um like uh I mean you know so like so is is is is is is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, I mean you know so okay like you know um um but this little Snippets recorded after your your your your your your your your your uh uh I mean so okay so okay uh episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay week. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, when he was here because uh so um like I mean well I mean um of the way that you know, this Gus could could could could could could well okay um um uh I mean okay I mean could could could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro um okay well okay I mean well like you know after we record the actual episode. Typically. Typically Typically Typically Typically Typically Typically Typically typically. Well like well well I mean um um uh. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even even uh well um I mean uh well uh I mean even even even even even even even being around. Yeah. So it just the uh I mean okay okay I mean well well like way it works. So usually we recorded before before before before before before before before before you know I mean uh well okay you know well you know the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have you know well like okay I mean okay okay well time time time time time time time time time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.