This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and okay um uh uh okay well um okay and and and and and and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind well uh okay uh like well well okay of want to share our experiences since I I I I I I I um um well so like okay okay like I I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the like I mean uh okay uh so well I mean home and just just just just just just just just just kind of bring like uh you know um okay um uh like a little bit of insight and show you that there there there there there there there there I mean um um I mean well like okay well there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So I mean um uh like like um so. So go and and and and and and and and and do whatever you do like you know you know so you know um like um when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or or or okay um okay so so I mean uh so or or or or or or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for I mean um okay uh okay you know like um a walk and let's chat. Chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Hey um you know like well okay well so like mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's so I mean um uh uh well well well Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the like you know well um okay like you know um messiness that motherhood brings. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're completely unfiltered you know you know okay I mean like um so okay and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month month month okay uh okay uh I mean well like well month month month month month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that okay okay I mean uh um well okay um you can can can can can can can can can share your story advocate for um you know so um I mean um okay well your babies and connect with the other messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy you know well uh so so so so okay messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.