Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views you know well so uh so I mean well okay views views views views views views views and opinions and expertise you would like so well okay I mean um okay uh you know to share with the world? Well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay I mean like okay uh okay uh you know anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. You know okay you know okay okay okay um okay. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor gives you everything you need in okay you know okay um uh okay I mean okay one place for free and you can easily download download download download download download okay well uh um I mean you know so so download download download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation you know okay so so okay um you know you know tools allowing you to to to to to to to to to record you know like okay well uh well uh um and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast podcast okay so I mean like uh so okay well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast you know well uh um well so you know like and so many more and the best part you you you you you you you I mean um well you know um well like so you you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. Uh um well I mean you know okay okay well. So go download the the the the the the the the the app anchor or well like um so okay I mean well uh go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's it's it's okay well okay okay okay um uh I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's Ryan Reedy and this is okay um well um I mean so uh okay episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going going going going so um well uh um I mean well um going going going going going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.