Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we we like well okay so uh so so uh we we we we we we we unpack everything from Hardware to software in the so um you know um like I mean um uh world of Chrome and Chrome OS so so so so so so so so so I mean you know you know like well uh you know I mean that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. Well you know okay like so like well uh. This This This This This This This This This episode is brought to you by anchor okay well you know well okay like uh so when we decided to create a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well well like you know well um I mean um podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is I mean okay I mean you know okay um you know okay is is is is is is is is exactly that they give you everything um I mean uh so I mean okay I mean I mean you need in one place for free and you can can can can can um um so like well um so um can can can can use it from your computer or your phone. There are um uh so so you know well you know so a couple things we really really really really really really really really really like about well you know so you know like I mean okay okay anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit you know like um um um well um you know edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast I mean well you know well I mean like you know like for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and and and and and and so like um well um so I mean so and and and they have some ways for you to make money on your okay okay so I mean um well well I mean podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So you know you know okay like uh like like so if you want to give it a try and make your very own own own own own I mean well um well you know so well uh own own own own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.