Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is is you know uh well okay I mean so well you know is is is is is is is the app that I actually use to make uh like so like well so uh so and distribute bitch work is how I first first first first first first first so so like like you know okay uh uh first first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's like so um so so okay like well an app app app app app app app app app you download on your phone it's okay you know well like well uh like okay free and it's essentially a creation tool that that that that that that that I mean like so you know okay I mean like well that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um I mean okay so like uh you know um or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your uh uh um uh you know well okay so podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can can can can can can uh okay okay uh um I mean um uh can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch I mean you know I mean so I mean okay okay like work literally got distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute it to Modify an uh you know like okay so like uh um apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode episode episode episode well so so you know uh um okay okay episode episode episode episode episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor I mean so okay okay well like you know well with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you I mean so so okay uh uh you know I mean need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys guys um well okay okay um um um so guys guys guys guys guys guys guys want to get started making a podcast or have well well you know uh you know uh uh um an amazing idea download the free free free free free free free free free anchor so you know uh uh you know like so well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. Guys you know uh you know okay so I mean like uh guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. I am so excited to bring you this okay I mean I mean I mean okay well like you know week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.