Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you know I mean you know well uh uh um um to to to to to to to to you by anchor anchor is a well uh well well so like um um One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast um you know okay like um so okay uh podcast podcast podcast podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. I mean okay I mean so um well I mean um. It's ridiculously easy to use now now now now now now now now now anger I mean so you know um okay well like uh can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. Podcast podcast I mean like okay okay so uh so okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right well okay uh I mean I mean you know you know um away. In fact, that's what what what what what what what what what I'm well like you know well well um um uh doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, like well uh you know like I mean so okay know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we love using incre you like okay okay so well well um well can hit record start talking. It stopped save the the the the the the the the the okay like well um you know so well uh audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you I mean so well okay like uh um well want want want want want want want want want to cut out some, you know okay so uh so like like like um dead are very easy to do that as as as as as as as okay okay so you know well um like I mean as as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast you know like so so I mean like okay okay and make make make make make make make make make money doing it go um so um okay um um I mean so to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / / / / okay uh okay well um I mean I mean uh / / / / / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an you know um like okay uh well well well hour race, Binghamton. We We We We We We We We We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.