What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of so you know so okay like uh uh um of of of of of of of of the - Lee's we are on a uh okay okay okay so like you know okay high right now. We just filmed one one one one one one one one one uh well um I mean uh you know so like podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking uh so like you know okay like you know uh sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides from Simply on purpose - okay like you know so I mean um uh I mean we should ever on this podcast. So that's going going going going going going you know uh like you know like um like well going going going to be on big little life right now. We have all of like I mean like you know uh like so um your your your your your your your your your emails. We're just going to you know like like so well um um uh go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying trying trying trying trying trying uh um you know like so well okay so trying trying trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are so so well I mean um like like I mean just two normal people. People people people people people people people people. Or and you know you know okay um like um uh um we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what what what um so uh okay okay I mean I mean um what what what what what what we would hope that we would do in these like so uh um um um uh I mean situations. We would hope that we we we we we we we we we would do so so you know well you know um so um and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what what what I mean you know uh you know like uh I mean I mean what what what what what what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. Like like um like okay okay um okay. We've learned in marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage therapy and uh like you know like um I mean I mean so books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started started uh well okay okay well you know okay I mean started started started started started started started by do it looks of mine with so okay so you know um you know like uh the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.