Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's I mean uh so well I mean I mean okay I mean It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's anchor if you haven't heard about okay okay um so I mean well um you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a you know I mean you know um I mean okay um so a a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In okay um um you know uh I mean um okay fact, it can can can can can can can can can make you money. Uh you know like so well uh you know I mean. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your well um you know um so like I mean you know your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In okay uh so well like you know like um fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch craft like um okay well well like I mean well have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for for for um you know so you know like like I mean um for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and you know uh um like um so okay you know anywhere else where you would download download download download download download download download download um I mean uh uh well you know okay well a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order you know like you know I mean um um I mean like to Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make money from your podcast you know well you know well well well like okay anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that that that so so so uh like so you know so that that that that that that you want and they go on your podcast. It's so so so like you know you know so like everything that you need to make a a a a a a a a um um okay well well well uh I mean a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, like like I mean you know like so um um but but but but but but but but but never known where to start I mean so uh well like I mean so okay now, you do download the free anchor app or go go go go go go well so you know like um like okay okay go go go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.