We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking uh okay uh um I mean you know I mean so about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me you know uh okay like you know you know so um tell you something. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about so okay um I mean I mean so uh so about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's you know uh okay uh um I mean okay like free their their their their their their their their their creation tools that allow you uh okay well um you know uh um uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or I mean I mean I mean um uh so okay uh or or or or or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you you know so well uh I mean I mean you know uh can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast you know so well okay you know okay I mean I mean and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. Listenership you know you know so uh I mean like you know I mean listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast so like um okay you know you know uh so in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free uh so you know well okay uh so well free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you so um uh I mean okay so you know um want to to to to to to to to to join in on like okay so I mean uh okay you know you know the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On On On On On I mean you know so like like well I mean um On On On On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check well so so I mean okay okay okay you know out your favourite podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting platform like you know so um you know well I mean I mean at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn learn um okay um well um you know um uh learn learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.