Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is okay like you know uh so uh you know so is is is is is is is is fun to speculate a podcast where okay you know um well okay uh um okay we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. Ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Well well uh well okay you know so you know. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode I mean okay well okay you know like like you know of of of of of of of of of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard well well I mean so I mean um well so and sitting next to me is is is is is is is is is producer vlad. Um like well uh I mean okay okay well. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last last well so I mean um I mean so like you know last last last last last last last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in well so you know I mean uh well well like the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually so um well like well um so um actually actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because you know like I mean I mean um okay I mean um we we we we we we we we we recorded so many episodes in like so like so so you know you know okay well a three-day time span and we had a nice little little little little little you know uh so so you know you know so I mean little little little little break in between and now we have to catch okay you know like like you know you know you know um up and record one like every every every every every every every every every okay so okay um uh I mean uh um week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. Show uh you know um you know uh you know well I mean show show show show show show show. I love this show. I want this okay I mean um uh um like so okay show. I hope everyone in the world listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens um okay so I mean um like um uh to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot you know okay like like so I mean okay you know of of of of of of of of of people enjoy it. I hope okay you know okay you know okay so like okay we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking uh um like like I mean well uh um thought-provoking thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.