So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy you know um you know I mean okay like well so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy how in the world, you know how um like well so okay uh like like to make a podcast and I crack up because because because because because because because so like like so um uh so you know because because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I well well uh you know well uh um so I I I I I I I I highly recommend to anyone. It is well like so uh uh like well um a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions directions directions directions directions directions directions um I mean um I mean you know okay um so directions directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. So so you know like like okay so okay. There are are are are are are are are are free editing's tools and the um um okay um uh okay well well best part is that they distribute the out your your your your your your your okay well um well like I mean like so your your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download um uh like um so okay well uh download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go so well I mean I mean I mean I mean like like to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know like uh you know so uh uh you know anchor anchor anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast like so I mean I mean okay like uh I mean to welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another you know uh like um um uh uh I mean episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank so uh okay okay uh so I mean uh Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in okay um so okay okay so I mean like to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.