You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that um like okay so okay well um well originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally aired on YouTube. So okay well so uh well uh so uh the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This This I mean well um um I mean okay so okay This This This This This This This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're I mean okay um okay I mean well uh uh out walking the dog or driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving the like well you know um well okay um uh car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this you know okay so you know so um like well this this this this this this this this audio version exists. If you like us I mean you know you know um well okay so um doing this, please do leave us a a a a a a a a so you know uh I mean well um well okay a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into uh like uh so uh okay you know uh this this this this this this this this this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist okay like well you know like I mean uh I mean was hailed as a genius of entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment I mean you know so so okay like I mean well entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of uh well well you know well so um you know Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective okay well well you know okay like so well imagination. It cannot be understated. You could could could could could could could could could uh uh you know uh so like uh I mean love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but but uh so so like you know I mean uh well but but but but but but but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt uh like well I mean you know I mean I mean well Disney once famously said that laughter is is is is is is is is uh uh um well um okay uh um is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with um so uh like I mean well so uh 236 billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.