These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some some some um uh uh so well like well I mean some some some some some some have been through multiple exits others. This is a well you know you know you know you know so I mean you know first-time kind of thing, but they all all all all all all all all all um so um I mean um I mean so well have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports sports like um I mean um um okay I mean you know sports sports sports sports sports sports sports or Esports. They know they have a solution so you know so well well like well I mean for that and they know that there there there there there there there there I mean well uh like well so like okay there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening so uh uh okay um uh well okay to to to to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports you know so um um I mean okay well uh technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take take take take uh uh okay well um okay you know well take take take take take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have uh okay you know so uh so uh well you joining us. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, I mean okay okay okay you know you know okay so we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's Tim's okay you know okay so I mean you know like so Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia ventures. Okay um so so um so well you know. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation you know I mean you know like um like okay so Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've so so so so I mean well so um had had had had had had had had had over 40 cohort company since it I mean you know you know uh well you know like well launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was was was was was was so okay well well well I mean well well was was was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.