Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a okay you know okay okay okay well um you know a a a a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Okay you know well like like you know well uh. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This This This This This This This uh like okay um okay okay I mean you know This This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope I mean I mean like like well I mean so you know this isn't too horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible and still trying uh so like um okay like well like to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the the the like okay you know like so like well okay the the the the the the bad editing in places. I've done my best so like so um so um uh um to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were were were were were were were well so okay okay you know like so well were were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. Okay like um okay okay okay I mean you know. I cover recent news and and and and and and and and and questions that well well you know so um like well like I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of of of okay um you know like um um so like of of of of of of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the well okay well well um so I mean well basic building blocks of the game. Game game game game game game game game. I well um so um um you know like okay was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, devices, I mean um you know uh um like so well devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, but following some feedback and realizing have well I mean you know you know you know okay uh okay a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be be be be be be be be be uh so well uh uh uh um I mean focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer I mean like um you know well I mean uh well episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode than I initially planned and well okay um okay well well okay I mean you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout well I mean like I mean you know um okay like the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.