Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Okay um well uh um okay you know okay. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming so um you know okay like I mean like so 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool uh uh uh well okay okay well you know Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 you know you know okay like well like um well joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us this week for okay so uh you know I mean uh uh so the second time. This season is gold head of news news news news news news I mean um I mean like okay like okay uh news news news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave like like you know so you know so I mean uh despite not touching your team team team team team team team team team well um uh um I mean well so so since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 you know uh well you know okay uh uh uh. 37 37 37 37 37 37 37 37. Million. In the world, which is um okay like uh okay I mean like I mean still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think think think think think think think okay like um so so okay like so think think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I you know okay okay uh uh okay well okay used to to to to to to to to to interested though well-known. I get the you know I mean okay uh um you know so like impression you're not from from the fact you you you you you you you you you know uh like you know okay well okay um you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well um um uh I mean like well I mean okay the problem there there there there there there there there there was The League Cup so uh you know I mean so uh I mean well Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.