Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act um okay you know uh so okay like you know together together together together together together together together together before the work week. It um okay um I mean well uh um like includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on on on on on you know so um uh like uh um well on on on on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got well okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh a lotta things things things things things things things things things that we tend well uh you know okay you know I mean so so to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against against against I mean I mean uh uh so I mean so okay against against against against against against towards the evening as like look you know so well I mean I mean uh um um kids. Do you have any homework what needs to to to to to to like well okay so I mean like you know you know to to to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's well uh so so I mean well like I mean start packing packing packing packing packing packing packing packing packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a I mean um okay I mean I mean like okay okay reminder that we gotta get back back back back back back back back back to you know like uh so well like I mean you know work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because okay I mean uh well like uh well so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a i you guys. I well I mean okay well like I mean I mean you know know that school is your favorite. You guys can't can't can't can't can't can't you know so well so okay uh I mean well can't can't can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. So uh you know like I mean you know like I mean. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think they really do you know okay um I mean um okay I mean well like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah yeah yeah uh uh okay so so you know okay so yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.