If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. So I mean um okay okay you know I mean so. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. So well I mean okay uh I mean you know so um if you want to start a podcast, but but but but but but but okay well okay well so okay um so but but not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep um um you know I mean you know so okay okay up with. There's no money money money money money money money money money to put into um uh well okay um I mean um like it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, great, great, great, great, I mean like so like okay you know I mean um great, great, great, great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money like well I mean like well you know okay so out of of of of of of of of of your pocket, which was so um you know uh you know I mean well okay a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. Anchor anchor uh well uh so okay I mean like so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay well okay so okay uh so you know and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your okay um um so okay like so um phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it like so I mean I mean well um uh so can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify um okay you know um um like like so Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money money money money you know so you know okay like well you know you know money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not uh uh like like um I mean um well found that any other other other other other other other other other podcast Creator and uh um you know um so so okay so it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place uh so um so you know so like so place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.