Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need I mean um well you know you know uh uh well need need need need need need need need more voices in the church talking about I mean so you know well well um well uh the crisis spreading the gospel and holding holding holding holding holding holding holding um um uh you know I mean so you know well holding holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're so I mean you know like you know um like you know seeing unfolding before before before before before before before before before our eyes. There are a I mean um you know so like okay I mean um lot of ways to get involved and an easy one one one one one one uh well well okay like um uh you know one one one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is well so okay I mean um um well okay a great podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting platform. If um you know you know I mean so um so you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. You know um okay uh like I mean um you know. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools well I mean well uh um uh I mean you know that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit I mean okay so uh so um you know well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so I mean so you know um well um so for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard you know okay um I mean you know like so like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually actually actually actually actually um uh uh you know you know uh um like actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay so um I mean um so like okay everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in okay you know well um like um you know so one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor I mean so um okay uh like I mean um anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to okay you know okay you know well so you know so get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.