Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like um you know I mean okay like so okay like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you okay I mean uh I mean you know so you know like to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd uh well um you know I mean I mean well uh Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has made like so you know uh you know I mean well you know it. So easy guys, I I I I I I I I I did not so I mean well so you know okay okay uh know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it well I mean like like like I mean I mean well it it it it it it it it like five ten years before early you know I mean so uh so okay well like because all I need to do is download the anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor well okay uh I mean uh well okay um anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and you know like I mean you know so um I mean um anchor will do do do do do do do do do all the job you know I mean okay okay um so well okay for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. Sides sides sides sides sides okay you know so okay I mean like so so sides sides sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need so I mean um you know um you know well well to do anything else. So So So So So So So So So this like like okay you know you know you know so you know is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. It it so uh you know um well uh uh so it it it it it it. If you have a message if you have okay uh okay I mean like you know I mean well some come content, which you feel that needs needs needs needs needs needs I mean so I mean okay like okay well uh needs needs needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make okay so okay you know uh uh like well sure you you you you you you you you you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome like um like so I mean you know I mean you know to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I I I I I I well I mean so like so I mean I mean so I I I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.