Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to to to uh you know you know okay um I mean well well to to to to to to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor like so uh okay well I mean like like you are so missing out. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor um like okay I mean you know I mean uh well is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There I mean you know well um like so so okay There There There There There There There There are creation tools that will allow you like uh well okay so I mean well like to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from you know okay um I mean so uh so okay from from from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will um um you know so like uh okay well distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you um you know uh like you know okay I mean I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many many many many so you know well okay well like so you know many many many many many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast um well uh like like you know um well all in one place, so don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't well uh okay I mean well um well so If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get I mean I mean um I mean well you know uh um get get get get get get get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Um uh I mean like well like okay like. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you you you you you you you you you guys? okay okay so you know well like so well Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and like so well I mean I mean I mean okay um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so crazy to think that I mean I mean well I mean you know um well uh we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess guess guess guess guess like so uh well uh you know you know so guess guess guess guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. You know okay like okay you know okay uh so. It's true, or at least least least least least least least least least it's true so you know well so I mean uh you know okay for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.