Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you you you you like uh I mean like okay so I mean like you you you you you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon okay you know um so so okay um uh and I toss different ideas around around around around around around around around around okay so I mean so well you know so so for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make well uh I mean so you know I mean you know so make make make make make make make make a podcast and I'll tell you you know um um so so so well you know why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute well like okay well okay uh like um distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your um so like okay okay I mean so like computer. It will do all all all all all all all all all of okay okay um okay I mean I mean um you know the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the the you know you know well well so uh like okay the the the the the the the big names you can make money with no um like uh so you know well uh okay minimum listenership. And it's everything that that that that that that that that that you need well okay like uh uh I mean I mean you know for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do. Do do well I mean um so um okay you know so do do do do do do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app so well um I mean so like so like or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F um like I mean um so well so uh m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go go go go go uh okay like like um well you know so go go go go check it out and get started on your podcast. I mean so you know like okay okay um so. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside I mean like I mean so you know okay um like scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.