Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh okay okay I mean um like you know uh like and and and and and and and and and I have on the phone Chris um okay I mean well I mean um uh I mean Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known known known known known known okay you know okay um uh you know well okay known known known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's like I mean um well like um um well your name name name name name name name name name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive well well okay I mean like I mean um so try that next time at the casino casino casino casino casino casino casino casino like you know I mean so well okay you know uh casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. I mean so so I mean okay I mean you know okay. They They They They They They They They They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick okay well okay uh um uh I mean like to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like like like like like like like well you know well I mean uh you know I mean you know like like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really well um you know well I mean you know you know uh get get get get get get get get get into and a pause so like so like like um like um in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as as as as as uh you know uh you know you know um so I mean as as as as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, so um I mean I mean you know you know like so stay stage and screen if if if if if if if if if you wish so I mean like okay uh well okay okay and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to to so uh okay like I mean like uh I mean to to to to to to to try to make this a brief show. I well okay so you know you know uh you know like know you're working on battery power over over over over over over over over over so I mean I mean uh I mean I mean you know so there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So So like so well uh well I mean so uh So So So So So So So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.