Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this I mean um okay well okay like okay um week. Week week week week week week week week. Okay, we're not even I mean I mean uh you know um like uh um done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but but but well so well I mean like well like uh but but but but but but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, like you know well like you know well like I mean this has nothing to do with anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything like well like well okay well so I mean anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened well uh so well well well you know well to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk in and the very last uh okay like okay uh like you know you know episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is is is is is is is is well so like you know uh so um okay is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Like okay I mean uh so I mean um I mean. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, me and my girlfriend had well so uh you know okay okay well um been watching it for the past two days. We were were were were like so so well you know uh um I mean were were were were were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love uh so so like like uh like well Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested invested you know um um well you know you know okay so in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her okay you know okay I mean well like I mean so water water water water water water water water water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally I mean um okay okay you know so I mean like invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets gets gets um I mean well okay um uh um I mean gets gets gets gets gets gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he you know so you know um well I mean well um just he's very emotional. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a very emotional so um I mean I mean like um you know okay man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.