Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she you know okay okay um uh so well you know on on on on on on on on on top and Blake all good. Um I mean so um well I mean uh like. So today we are recording the first episode of of of of of of of of uh um so so okay like I mean well of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or uh I mean okay you know you know I mean well well three months. Months months months months months months months months. He has smelt a well um well um I mean like um so long story short may not going to be in touch for for for for so well like I mean okay well well I mean for for for for for a while and I made not for sample cups of okay you know you know you know I mean you know uh um coffee on the lisburn road and and and and and and and and and I mean like uh I mean so I mean uh well we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help um well I mean um well well you know I mean a a a a a a a a a few older. So this is all very well so okay okay uh uh okay well much part in those thoughts into action. And And And And And And And And uh you know well I mean um uh you know uh And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct uh okay uh okay you know well okay I mean of our conversations recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording and you know okay like uh uh you know uh you know Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, um um so well so so uh well So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, so first of all, we're just you know I mean uh um you know you know you know I mean going to basically introduce ourselves so you can can can can can can can I mean um okay okay I mean so well so can can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to well okay um uh uh I mean well I mean and then down down down down down down down down down the line move I mean uh um you know okay so well okay very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions questions questions questions questions uh so like um okay okay okay well questions questions questions questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name so you know so um uh I mean so I mean is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.