I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you know um you know well you know okay I mean uh need need need need need need need need need to do this. Hello like well okay so you know so uh okay and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your your your your well you know like I mean um uh so well your your your your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach I mean I mean um I mean so you know um I mean and I hope women to to to to to to to to to harness the okay okay um like I mean well uh well power of their period and connected FM has blood in this this this this this this you know so like uh well I mean okay you know this this this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health you know like you know okay um you know I mean okay food money sex business feminine feminine feminine feminine feminine feminine feminine feminine feminine flow your you know well well I mean you know well well uh brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. Heads heads I mean um I mean I mean you know like I mean I mean heads heads heads heads heads heads. You will walk away from each episode with you know I mean well well like I mean um you know you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as as as as as as as as I mean um okay so like um you know well as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people I mean uh I mean uh like um um uh are are are are are are are are are thinking cook too afraid to you know I mean uh well uh well you know well say so if you didn't already see basically I I I I I I uh I mean um uh uh you know I mean okay I I I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New york. So I mean um like I mean uh like well. I'm just in Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg Williamsburg now, but basically uh uh like you know well like so um what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with with with with um well well um okay well you know like with with with with with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a um well so um I mean like I mean okay friend's apartment and and and and and and and and and then they the I mean well uh um I mean you know you know uh cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.