What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you so I mean so I mean like like I mean you know doing hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how you doing? um uh like uh I mean I mean well well I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk talk talk talk uh uh okay um so I mean uh okay talk talk talk talk talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not uh well so so um I mean um uh much stock boat. We still still still still still still still still still haven't um like like uh um like um like broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know know uh so you know okay okay you know like okay know know know know know know know what that game room. Okay, I believe off um okay okay so uh okay uh uh the where we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought we were talking so uh um um I mean well um well about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house house house house house okay so I mean uh okay uh like uh house house house house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked so like so like um well like uh back in. Yep. And And And And And And And And And then I think well I mean you know I mean so okay well okay you were to it's like when fully back on board board board board board board um well okay well well um I mean okay board board board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start I mean uh uh you know well uh you know um that podcast. I I I I I I I I I was like, I'm not uh so uh well I mean I mean uh um I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by by by by uh well you know okay uh well well you know by by by by by these guys, but by the end of that podcast you know I mean you know I mean okay okay you know so we switched but I was was was was was was was was was still whatever. I mean you know I mean like so like I mean um. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. Back back back back back I mean okay you know well like I mean uh well back back back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus so I mean you know so um uh well um game. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.