Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank um well okay okay uh you know like you know Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We uh um okay okay I mean I mean well so hope you like it. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy like you know I mean well um okay uh uh it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our our well so so so uh I mean um well our our our our our our our podcast that will really help us out I mean I mean okay you know well so like well especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow grow grow grow grow grow I mean so uh uh okay uh okay well grow grow grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories um you know you know uh um you know like um going going going going going going going going going to get you, you know a so like you know I mean I mean well um um feel for what we're going to be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing um well well like okay you know um you know doing doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out okay you know well okay like um like uh to to to to to to to to to Eric case dude. Thank you so I mean um so so you know well so uh much for the software that you've recommended gotten us us us us us us us so uh okay like well like um I mean us us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think like um okay so okay well um like we're on the right right right right right right right right right track now also I mean uh well like um so okay okay forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. I mean so so well uh well so well. On on on on on on on on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure you know well uh well you know like uh okay out how to edit it and and and and and and and and and smooth everything out like so I mean like well you know okay okay that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy enjoy um uh I mean you know uh well uh okay enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.