What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about okay so so uh so okay well well about about about about about about about about the gross margin impact of a successful um okay okay um um um okay you know launch of the Plaid mode Model Model Model Model Model Model Model Model Model S and um so you know you know okay okay well so plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited like so well um you know um um okay excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about from a financial perspective. So okay uh well like so like well uh going to nerd out on this shout out out out out out out out out well I mean uh well I mean well okay so out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We okay you know I mean I mean um you know uh uh were just just just just just just just just just recording and we're talking about this you know like I mean I mean you know uh uh okay new track package that came out for the model model model model model model um well well I mean um well you know okay model model model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get okay well you know so uh well okay I mean these really cool looking new new new new new new new new new tire. Well you know well uh uh well well you know. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and and and and you know well okay uh okay you know well uh and and and and and then you pay five and a half Grand more uh I mean like you know um okay you know well for these new tires and these brake brake brake brake brake brake brake uh so um well you know okay um like brake brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the so I mean okay like I mean you know like I mean track. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's gotten some awesome reviews. So well well um you know well like I mean I mean that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking you know um well well you know okay okay um thinking thinking thinking thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of okay uh you know like I mean um uh well this luxury Performance Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand to upsell all of you know okay uh uh you know okay like uh these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Die Die Die um um like well well you know you know so Die Die Die Die Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and well so okay uh you know so okay like the track package is one example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, but you know I mean like well okay uh uh uh what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.