Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Guys guys guys so like well so well uh so uh guys guys guys guys guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely like okay okay um like you know I mean well lovely week so far now before before before before before before before before before this episode starts. Okay I mean uh uh well you know I mean okay. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this you know well I mean okay like like well so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called catch open me okay well okay like so uh well you know at the time that I started this podcast. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought uh like you know like okay okay uh you know thought thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random well so well I mean uh you know you know you know stuff, you you you you you you you you you know catch up with me sounds I mean like uh you know well you know um I mean like a good title. But then as I recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded like uh so okay I mean uh okay well recorded recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out okay uh so you know I mean okay uh so what the theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme of this so okay you know so okay you know uh okay podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of of of of of of um um well um um you know I mean uh of of of the things that we covered from the past few episode is so well well like uh okay okay uh about mental health health health health health health health health health growing up and things we deal um so okay well well okay uh uh with as a teenager or as a a a a a a a a uh okay um okay I mean uh um well a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be you know I mean um um you know you know so you know basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically growing up. I finally figure so okay like okay you know um so um out what the theme of this podcast should be. So So So So So okay so okay I mean like okay you know uh So So So So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto okay okay uh like well well so um the podcast and basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically having them share um you know so uh like I mean you know uh what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.