Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology um well uh um like um you know um North America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's largest mining pool lectures you know um uh like um you know you know um goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an an an an I mean like um okay I mean like I mean um an an an an an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a okay like like you know uh okay I mean um great selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection of pools for you so so I mean so so I mean okay you know to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big well uh uh you know so I mean I mean um Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So so um okay okay I mean you know um so be sure to to to to to to to to to go and check them out. Uh okay okay okay like okay like so. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor I mean uh okay well um I mean uh you know sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if like okay so so okay um so um you as listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners would support the show by you know okay so I mean um I mean I mean um Ting them you can find them online at Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor well you know well uh like so you know um Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, Hey, um you know I mean well so well um okay Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate so like well so I mean well like so podcast the best crypto mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining podcast in the like okay so you know uh well um like history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are are are um well uh uh well so I mean like are are are are are are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building so um okay uh you know uh so you know communities around proof of work projects. Projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects. We I mean um like okay uh okay well um talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash hash hash so well like I mean you know you know well I mean hash hash hash hash hash hash has an epic rant on the inclusion I mean like okay well you know um um so of big Tech into the crypto space. Space space space space space space space space. Like okay uh um well okay so so. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.