Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys well okay okay uh uh um so like about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which is the platform. I you know um you know uh like um um well used to make this podcast. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't well like like okay you know so so okay haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain um um uh well uh I mean well you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow um I mean you know you know so uh um um you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right you know um like well um like so like right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for okay I mean well okay okay like um like you. So you can can can can can can can can can be heard on I mean like I mean you know uh like I mean like things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your your well I mean well I mean uh okay like like your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything like uh okay like okay so you know like you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in like you know okay well okay uh you know um one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f I mean you know I mean so like like so okay m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today. Hey you know you know like um I mean um uh you know guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach Beach Beach Beach Beach Beach Beach well uh okay well okay okay you know okay Beach Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your okay you know uh you know okay I mean so well host host host host host host host host host Kelly. So excited to be like so like like so you know you know um here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so so so so so well okay okay you know you know well so you know so so so so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind well uh you know so um so like so this past week, and and and and and and and and and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.