What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I um okay so well I mean you know like like made made made made made made made made made a post the other day about so like so you know uh you know like I mean the you know, I even made a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um um um well so okay um so it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about um okay uh well um so you know uh you you you you you you you you you know, your gym not being well I mean you know um well well um uh the best our today, you know, I think it should should should should should well uh you know okay uh okay okay uh should should should should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I um like so so like so I mean I mean made this Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram post and I I mean I mean well okay you know I mean I mean so dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, anyway, anyway, so so I mean well I mean um uh uh anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was uh you know um like um okay you know well was mixed and one individual this this this this this this this this this um like okay uh okay you know like you know Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize okay you know uh well so like um you know Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob if I'm fucking that um well you know uh so well you know well up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just just just just I mean like I mean um like um so you know just just just just just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think I mean well uh so so uh uh uh this argument is pointless. Pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless. I don't so well uh um well uh you know so get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree uh I mean I mean well like well okay you know agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree with it which was but he you know you know so well I mean you know um like reached out to me and show me a a a a a a like okay I mean um like I mean um um a a a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him well so like okay uh so you know I mean with an audio message message message message message message message message message and explain uh I mean um like like so you know uh my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and and and and uh you know like so uh I mean okay I mean and and and and and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, like like uh well well you know like okay we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.