It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to I mean okay um okay okay um uh like be be be be be be be be be telling you about my favorite app, I mean well like well so so so well which is Anchor. It's the best app to use use use use use use use use I mean well so I mean you know uh like well use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your like like like well so I mean like so phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone computer or any other device like so I mean you know like like you know so to record it. And once you post the podcast, it it it it I mean uh uh uh you know um like well it it it it it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify well I mean uh uh um you know uh you know to get get get get get get get get get your podcast more exposure and okay like like well so I mean uh you know to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need need need need need need like you know uh uh well um I mean like need need need in one place and it is the best platform to create. So um so like um I mean I mean like. Any type type type type type type type type type of podcast I think you know um well I mean I mean I mean uh uh this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. Done done like so um um like well like uh done done done done done done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you you know well okay okay you know um you know so meet who? Yeah, I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think anybody lists you know well I mean I mean like um like so the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about about about uh I mean so I mean like I mean okay so about about about about about about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers okay uh okay um okay well so um are going to get the best best best best best best best best best I mean well so so well so you know like pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.