Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News so I mean um like I mean well you know you know daily. Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of like so um I mean like so so you know Stephanie on the new season of of of of of of of of of I mean okay uh uh like um okay so a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia uh um you know you know well so so uh that that that that that that that that that her girlfriend from the show lives you know um you know like like I mean I mean um in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware okay so I mean okay I mean I mean well like unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie uh uh so like you know well like so though is that she she she she she she she she she sells naked photos okay um well um well so like so of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she she she she you know okay you know um um so so well she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some you know uh okay so you know like well you know people may have found this this this this this this this this this out though as I mean like I mean so I mean so like well Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states states states states okay well so so I mean um you know so states states states states states that she is not ashamed of this content and that uh well well okay like you know um well having the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed financed financed financed her okay um like well okay I mean you know uh documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income like so uh okay uh you know well I mean income income income income income income income income in general. She ends it saying I'm okay so okay okay um so so so a hello an advocate a writer a content content content content content content content content content creator I mean uh well um okay you know uh I mean a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I mean I mean um like um um uh so. I I I I I I I I I am not definable good for you um you know you know you know um well um uh girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you know okay like okay uh so so like whatever whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just so uh well like um I mean I mean so anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.