Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of so like you know so I mean okay um um of of of of of of of of social sciences who have t and well so so well uh so I mean so we present to you goonch go to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so uh so like I mean so you know where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social social social uh okay so you know um I mean like so social social social social social social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else I mean so I mean well um you know uh like in between you plan on conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting okay I mean um like so I mean um I mean interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also uh uh well okay well okay uh you know also also also also also also also also plan on having discussions and debates you know like well you know um so like well on a Wide range of topics we have something for our our our our you know I mean so um so um okay um our our our our our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for well so okay um so I mean uh well our listeners as well well well well well well well well well as a you know you know I mean well um okay you know well few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey journey well you know I mean um I mean well you know well journey journey journey journey journey journey journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so so I mean you know okay so I mean like so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Goonch goonch goonch goonch goonch goonch goonch I mean so uh like okay well I mean well goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will you know um well okay well um okay like be be be be be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners so well uh so so you know uh like as well as a few surprise segments. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope so you know well um so um like I mean hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.