Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us uh you know like like I mean well well like again. Again again again again again again again again. And it's the whole crew here um you know uh well I mean so um you know today and we're going to do this ourselves in in in in in in I mean well okay um uh like okay um in in in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other um um you know um I mean um I mean um day that we've been at this this this this this this this this this okay you know well um I mean well uh you know for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Well uh like like well well you know uh. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need you know um um well okay uh I mean like the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you you you you you you you like you know you know okay like uh I mean okay you you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak okay you know like okay so I mean okay so for for for for for for for for for yourself. Awesome, we correct uh so you know okay so um um um each other in the course of the show, but that just just like um uh you know well like so okay just just just just just just just has because we do is almost zero prep. We uh so um like I mean so well okay just kind of come from wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever like um okay uh well like okay you know we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time okay like uh okay you know um so you know we do do do do do do do do do catch each other but Caitlin um I mean um I mean uh well uh okay someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I mean well okay like so um um I'm I'm I'm I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you so I mean I mean you know um um well well you you you you you you you you got me last week on you know um like well well uh like like Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.