Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like well um you know uh so well uh uh to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download okay um okay okay okay um um well the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM FM FM I mean so well well well you know okay uh FM FM FM FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, um so you know you know you know uh uh well I did not not not not not not not not not know, you know okay uh you know well um uh uh you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known um you know well so okay okay okay I mean known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to so you know okay I mean uh okay well okay do is download download download download download download download download download the anchor. I have you know like okay like uh um so so record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will I mean um okay um okay okay you know so will will will will will will will will do all the job for me. It will I mean you know I mean um um I mean okay you know publish it in all the major major major major major major major major you know um I mean so uh well so so major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to to uh so well okay okay um uh okay to to to to to to to do anything else. So this is just too okay uh I mean like you know you know okay well awesome guys. You also need to make make make make make make make make make use okay uh um like okay okay I mean I mean of it. If you have a message if you have some come come come come um you know I mean you know you know you know uh I mean come come come come come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to so like like okay okay I mean you know so the world or simply want want want want want want want want want to post uh I mean you know um you know like well so something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to to to well okay you know well you know well well like to to to to to to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.