Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's um well um um um you know you know um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm using it is like uh so I mean like like like like definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free free free I mean you know so um okay you know okay uh free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to okay I mean so like you know okay okay um edit your podcast from from from from from from from from from your phone you know well um um okay you know um well or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many many so you know um um um um okay I mean many many many many many many many more without having to do anything well so well you know so you know uh uh which is great and you can make money from from from from from from uh I mean I mean um I mean you know okay uh from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You I mean okay you know okay like you know I mean um gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where um you know you know so like um uh uh you're going. So it's everything you need to to to to to to to to like well well well so um I mean well to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the um um like okay like okay um well App App App App App App App App App Store anchored on FM online to so um uh like well um I mean so get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo uh you know like okay I mean well so like yo yo yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. You know uh like uh well I mean okay so. Everything in YG's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Your Grace showed well well okay I mean well well I mean like man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Man you know you know you know um well uh so um man man man man man man man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.