If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let I mean uh well you know like you know like so Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't you know like so so you know um like uh have to put any money up up up up up up up up up well I mean uh you know um well so uh front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are are like uh so like so uh I mean okay are are are are are are are creation tools that allow you to record um uh like uh uh uh uh so and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from well like um okay so you know I mean you know from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot lot lot like uh I mean um um you know like you know lot lot lot lot lot lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment like like um like I mean okay I mean I mean anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. Uh so um so okay um uh like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and okay um um uh uh so um like and and and and and and and and the best part you can make okay well like like well so uh um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's okay well okay so uh I mean like okay It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor like uh like okay well okay I mean well app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor well uh so okay you know you know like you know dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart apart apart apart apart um okay um I mean well uh okay so apart apart apart apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing you know like you know uh so well like well a lawyer for a a a a a a a a a DUI. If okay so I mean okay like I mean so like you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose so okay okay okay so I mean okay like Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.