Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during uh okay okay uh so okay I mean you know during during during during during during our lesson on English to tell you a uh okay well uh you know so well like little bit about something called anchor anchor is is is is is is is okay so um you know uh um uh like is is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for okay you know so uh I mean like uh okay you. So if if if if if if if if if you are listening like so like um uh so you know well to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor okay you know like um well okay uh well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that so well okay so so you know you know I mean you can use to create and record and and and and and and and okay I mean um I mean so so well okay and and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your um like okay okay uh okay I mean so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So I don't I mean you know well um I mean um so I mean have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything anything anything anything anything okay so I mean well you know well okay I mean anything anything anything anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of uh I mean okay um like uh well uh click the button and and and and and and and and and it goes all like you know I mean I mean so so you know um by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this this this this this um like like so uh you know well um this this this this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've well uh so um like so like like written for them so so so so so so so so so that I well like like you know um well well you know can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why um uh well well uh uh okay well why why why why why why why why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.