Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But so like you know uh um okay so well first, let let let let let let let let let me tell you about anchor uh uh so uh well okay um uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let so I mean so okay so uh okay like Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools uh you know I mean um um so I mean um that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit uh uh you know well so uh you know well your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will will will will will will um um I mean you know like well okay you know will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify well so okay okay so like you know I mean Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and many many more well okay um so okay well uh so places to list keeps on growing and you can make money money money money uh like you know you know I mean so uh I mean money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well well um well um I mean well like need. Need to make make make make make make make make make a like I mean uh okay uh I mean so well podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice you know I mean you know you know so well I mean well voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice out there download the free anchor app uh okay so so I mean I mean so so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get so uh I mean you know um um well you know get get get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can like so you know you know uh like okay um listen to all of of of of of of of of of your favorite I mean well like well okay well you know like artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. So uh um you know well okay I mean well. You You You You You You You You You don't even need a so well like I mean um like okay um premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every you know you know okay um so um so you know every every every every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.