You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's I mean uh I mean okay um so so okay It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't know what uh uh uh you know you know well um you know it is. Like the power of music is is is is is is is is is like well you know uh so so uh you know a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have have like uh you know like like so okay um have have have have have have have never met a lot of the three you know uh like you know uh I mean well I mean babies we have he is the one one one one one one one one one he is I mean okay okay you know you know well you know I mean the one that loves music so much he will walk by the the the well uh well um um um so like the the the the the the what is that and home pod? And he okay you know so uh um like okay um will point to it. I'll pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick him up. Okay uh like uh I mean I mean you know okay. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. Music music music so so like well uh so uh so music music music music music. He loved music so much to the point where if he so so like well like uh so you know can't touch it like like like like like like like like like he will start uh um I mean I mean okay I mean you know so screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this this this this this I mean like uh okay like so well okay this this this this as like, I was kind of in like a are well okay like okay I mean I mean okay um we going? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we're going to so like you know you know um you know um okay how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah well so uh you know uh uh okay well Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. You know like like well okay like uh I mean. I'm a little peeved right right right right right right right right right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.