Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always you know uh like uh okay you know I mean I mean always always always always always always always writes after they get out of um well um I mean I mean like you know um school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes well uh I mean uh so I mean I mean so taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And uh I mean you know okay um well I mean I mean why didn't somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody teach them do their uh well you know you know you know like um um taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called called called called called I mean like well okay I mean I mean okay okay called called called called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you um okay so you know like you know so like how to add and subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract numbers. Well okay so uh you know like well so. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add add add well so well well um you know uh okay add add add add add add some together, you subtract some the Part about okay like so you know uh you know so you know that is you were taught how how how how how how how how how to okay well you know uh okay uh I mean like follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to to okay you know well uh I mean okay I mean uh to to to to to to to read them. You read those directions and you okay like I mean okay like you know I mean uh follow them. So you were taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught that like um so uh okay uh so uh in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions I mean well uh I mean uh you know well so directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions and do simple math doesn't mean that okay you know I mean okay um okay okay um you weren't taught that in school. It just just just just just just just just okay uh you know uh uh I mean um I mean just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.