Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make I mean okay I mean um I mean so I mean so make make make make make make make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, I mean I mean well well okay like okay okay it's free. How could you get anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything better I mean like like okay um um you know like at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to to to uh well I mean well you know okay um okay to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from I mean uh okay okay well like um I mean your phone or computer how convenient anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay well um well you know um okay you know will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay so like like um like well like Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can so like like I mean well um I mean I mean make money from your podcast to with no no no no no no no well I mean um you know um well uh I mean no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place you know so like well I mean like uh you know download the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or so okay um well um I mean well so go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's okay well so like so um you know um that's that's that's that's that's that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse I mean you know I mean so um well um uh boys immersed with the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys and you know well you know you know you know I mean so well be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at at at at at so okay so um I mean okay uh I mean at at at at you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully well uh I mean um you know you know uh okay week one one one one one one one one one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.