What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is adam. Well okay okay well you know so I mean like. I I I I I I I I I am your host. Thank you to I mean uh um you know like well well like everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome well well um so well so like like welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm so you know uh okay um you know so I mean going going going going going going going going going to be doing something a little uh like you know so um uh so uh bit different I am going so I'm trying to put put put put put I mean okay okay um well um uh uh put put put put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to you know so so I mean uh well okay you know kind of film and put together. Together together together together together together together together. Like like you know uh well I mean I mean well. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it I mean um so like so um okay well like so so so so so so so so so I've been looking into like I mean you know okay well well well like I mean I've talked about in the past I talked about about about about about about about like um you know I mean well uh you know you know about about in the last episode that I really am a big fan I mean okay uh so like so you know okay of the Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Chrome rookie cards. Um like uh you know you know okay I mean uh. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. Logo okay I mean uh so like I mean uh okay logo logo logo logo logo logo logo. So I was putting together some statistics like I mean like so so you know uh I mean with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing pricing pricing pricing pricing pricing well you know like I mean well so okay well pricing pricing pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so so well um okay well okay like um like I was was was was was was was was was looking at like players I mean I mean so um you know so so okay basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.