Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode um you know you know you know so so uh well of Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales from the Crypt sat down I mean uh okay uh um okay so uh with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about about about about about about I mean um well um you know okay okay okay about about about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that well you know like you know okay um like um are bullish for for for for for for for for for Bitcoin a you know I mean um okay I mean I mean um so lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally globally globally globally globally you know okay okay so okay well like I mean globally globally globally globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna so you know so uh so um so um like it quick one always always always always always always always always always bullish like um like uh like okay okay like bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to uh like okay uh um well um so you by by by by by by by by by the cash yet well you know well you know uh okay okay okay freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend like well you know okay well uh um well friend friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. So okay um I mean uh um uh well. He He He He He He He He He was like, ah, let's see easiest well um so like you know like I mean you know way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me me me me me me um so okay um so like you know I mean me me me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what um like um uh so like like I mean I said. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the easiest way like well so um um you know like well to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had had had had had uh you know like so you know okay uh you know had had had had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell so like like okay so okay um you know phone showing them how how how how how how how how how to buy bitcoin. Uh I mean okay okay um well okay well. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.