A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your I mean you know uh okay so like um I mean your your your your your your your your own podcast piece of advice um so I mean like I mean so um um for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop you know well well you know uh um I mean I mean Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you well well well well well well uh you know to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right I mean I mean I mean okay like you know okay like from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your your your your okay okay you know like well like you know like your your your your your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives like like so you know so uh um okay you an opportunity to to to to to to to to to monetize your so I mean I mean well I mean well uh I mean podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the the okay you know so uh I mean um like you know the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean you know well uh so well uh like dot f m It started. Hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. Well well well so um so um so. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as so um uh okay uh um well well my my my my my my my my my last, you know update on uh okay you know um I mean like you know like this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind kind kind kind kind kind well okay uh uh you know okay well you know kind kind kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this so uh so okay uh you know uh I mean YouTube channel could could could could could could could could could almost be called, um I mean um so well uh so you know you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January January January January so like so okay okay like uh uh January January January January January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about like well uh so I mean I mean okay I mean it and so and for good reason obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, I mean like like uh you know so I mean uh obviously, obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.