Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're okay um okay I mean uh like I mean um We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going with day one. The you know you know so you know uh uh okay okay Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting okay well uh uh okay you know okay like meeting meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to okay okay um you know well I mean well okay two Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 okay well um uh you know okay well you know change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a a a a a a well um like okay I mean like uh you know a a a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race well okay okay you know well well I mean okay with Jeremiah McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw confirmed to be you know like I mean um um well like okay riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued issued issued issued issued you know okay well like so like uh like issued issued issued issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be okay I mean like I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean up there because they've got probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably the you know I mean like okay you know um well so best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very very very uh I mean uh so I mean uh so I mean very very very very very very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and like so so like uh well well well being free starts this year year year year year year year year year looking like so I mean like like uh like like very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of you know uh um um you know I mean so I mean him. Him him him him him him him him. I've gone without a heart he is well like I mean well well so like uh a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.