Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I I I uh you know I mean like I mean uh so I mean I I I I I I that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend well well I mean I mean okay okay um like Lee and how you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm good how so well okay like like you know I mean so happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 march. March March March um okay um like like um I mean well March March March March March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Um well well like um so so like. Yeah. I felt really stupid because because because because because because because because because so you know okay so like well you know okay I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask like well I mean you know so you know like you know me to to to to to to to to to remember? We're about I mean I mean well like uh you know well um people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose whose whose whose whose uh okay you know you know like uh uh so whose whose whose whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he okay okay well uh I mean you know you know like had his dad was was was was was was was was was only like uh um you know so okay uh so okay 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and you know okay like like you know like um like and and and and and and and and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living okay I mean well um well uh uh I mean that's how old you are never never never never never never never never never thought wow uh uh uh uh I mean um um okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th 28th 28th 28th well I mean you know uh you know you know uh um 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. Uh okay I mean you know uh um well um. That's it's really weird. I I I I I I I I I know. So well you know you know I mean well okay you know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.