Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Uh like uh so um well um so. Dr. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist so um okay well well okay okay well with a doctorate degree in Clinical psychology. Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology psychology. I mean like you know you know so uh so you know. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I I so uh I mean so okay um okay so I I I I I I I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive I mean so uh you know well uh well uh disorder mood disorders and stress, please join join join join join join join join um I mean okay well um okay you know uh join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal reveal um so like so uh okay you know uh reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood well you know you know like uh um so you know disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy okay like I mean okay uh um so um therapy therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as so like so like um um well I mean they overcome their their their their their their their their their biggest fears and find that like okay you know um so okay like okay despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full full I mean you know like um you know well you know okay full full full full full full full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a I mean like I mean well uh so like um strength base and seeks to find and and and and and and and and and reinforce okay I mean okay I mean you know so like uh what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their you know um uh so um so like well stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.