Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh so you know I mean I mean well I mean so if if if if if if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this like I mean you know you know so um um well season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported that okay like so you know uh um well so Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in you know okay um so uh okay you know okay the the the the the the the the the description and I along with um I mean uh you know you know well okay you know almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was was was was was was was was so I mean you know so like you know um well was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because um well I mean I mean well um um okay Claire Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley was announced as next okay um like you know I mean so like okay season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was was was was so uh uh okay like um well you know was was was was was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not well I mean okay I mean okay um you know uh the Bachelorette so she has to be be be be be be be be well you know okay uh well um well so be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie um uh well um I mean well okay okay would have have have have have have have have have been filming this is unconfirmed. So okay well so so uh I mean uh. But as of right now I see no other other other other other other other like um okay well so like so I mean other other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down I mean so um I mean um I mean uh um in the comments below. Below below below below below below below below. That's all I've so well uh you know like well well well got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to to to to well well so uh like um okay like to to to to to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her uh you know so you know you know like so uh earlier today. So check that that that that that that that that okay so uh well okay I mean um I mean that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after okay so um um uh so so well show live live live live live live live live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific like so I mean um you know well well um on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.