What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever so well okay so so you know like well considered starting a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast now is definitely you know okay you know I mean okay uh okay um the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how easy easy easy uh um so okay so uh okay like easy easy easy easy easy easy it was for me to start my podcast and get you know well uh like okay well like like it up and running. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks to okay um like like um well you know well Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast podcast podcast okay well like you know well so okay well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other well okay you know uh um you know okay so platforms again. It was so so so so so so so so so easy. I mean so well you know I mean I mean you know so. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really really well I mean you know well okay like so uh really really really really really really really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do so well okay uh uh um uh okay it. It's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and you know uh well well well okay like well they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do do do well so so so like well you know okay do do do do do do it. All I can't think of a better place well you know well uh well okay well I mean to start a podcast for for for for for for for for for well well I mean you know you know um I mean I mean a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today well well you know you know well you know well well today today today today today today today today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well um you know uh uh well uh like to get started again download the app today. Today today today today today today today well uh so okay okay I mean uh okay today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.