Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs I mean well so I mean so uh okay okay Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a so like uh uh so okay uh I mean 24 year old who went to to to to to to to to to visit I mean like so I mean um you know okay um a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author author so you know um well uh well okay I mean author author author author author author author of the article shared that through to so so okay well like well like like over the phone sessions in a couple of of of of of of of I mean you know so like so well like um of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up you know like I mean you know so um okay you know up up up up up up up up things. She really loved to okay I mean like um you know you know like so save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety you know well so so uh uh I mean I mean anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the like uh okay you know uh um uh I mean sessions. Which each lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted about an like okay um so uh um so well hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit credit credit okay okay well like well okay well well credit credit credit credit credit credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial okay uh um so I mean well okay well accountability was intended to help help help help help help help help help her prepare and save um you know I mean okay uh well well you know for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of you know um so so so well uh okay of of of of of of of of wise advice on how to handle and um you know like I mean well well like okay how to view Money In fact money is is is is is is is is is well well um okay so well um you know mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard um so well so okay you know uh so today. Today today today today today today today today. Let's hear it again okay I mean so I mean okay um uh well wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.