Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first first uh um I mean okay um well you know uh first first first first first first first in a couple of weeks due to some okay you know okay uh okay um okay I mean scary scheduling issues. For those of you you you you you you you you you uh I mean so uh um okay like um that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but like um so you know you know well well well we did did did did did did did did did promise that it would be I mean so you know okay well well like I mean worth the wait. So before we get into it is is is is is is so uh okay so I mean like okay okay is is is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and okay well uh um I mean like okay uh Mike as always always always always always always always always always so M. How so um um okay like um so you know are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are are are are are are are okay like you know okay um so um um are are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty well uh um you know okay so um um much make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure the world goes around I mean well you know okay okay I mean I mean I mean I think so. We are actually joined by another and and and and and and so uh you know well like so um uh and and and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes um um like so you know okay like um who who who who who who who who who is a physicist cancer um uh so I mean uh um you know um researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, okay you know like okay like well um okay best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually uh you know uh okay so like I mean I mean say it it it it it it it it it to Mike off air as like I mean okay okay okay okay you know uh well. It is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite okay so um so uh like you know well favorite favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.