Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly well okay you know um okay um um you know about about about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen okay okay um so like um I mean like to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one one one one one one well uh like uh you know uh like well one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and so so um well um you know you know well that is is is is is is is is is great because let's face it. So you know well well like well like um. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. Days days days days days so well I mean okay you know um you know okay days days days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you like I mean okay I mean so I mean well so never miss an episode you you you you you you you you you can um so so so okay like so like share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can can can can okay like um um um so okay um can can can can can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you uh so okay I mean like I mean I mean um are if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're like me, you probably have too you know um okay I mean so um uh so many. The apps downloaded already but this one is is is is is uh um like okay uh so so um is is is is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download um you know I mean like um uh so so the Spotify app search for for for for for for for for for your um so uh well well okay okay you know favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, uh uh uh um um I mean uh I mean Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on okay okay you know uh I mean you know so okay there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living living living living living living living like well like you know uh well like uh living living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome okay uh so you know like so uh okay to episode 45 of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice so uh so uh so okay well I mean the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.