Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get so I mean I mean well you know you know I mean uh it it it it it it it it it is the easiest way to okay you know like you know um well well like make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually where where where where uh well well um so so okay uh where where where where where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's I mean um like like like I mean okay I mean a creation tool that that that that that that that that that allows well you know you know I mean okay um uh like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if uh well uh I mean okay so okay well if if if if if if if if that's how you want to do it. That's um uh uh you know um like okay I mean not how we do it. But But But But But But But But But uh so uh I mean so like so like I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be you know uh uh uh you know so I mean um be be be be be be be be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast I mean uh uh like um you know well you know Stitcher many many more and you can make make make make make make make make um like so well well uh okay okay make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make uh so so well uh uh like I mean a a a a a a a a a podcast and one place. So go well uh like so okay okay well okay ahead and download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or I mean um well you know I mean so okay so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun I mean uh uh okay um well you know I mean solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar panel podcast. Hey, it's well okay like so I mean I mean uh so a spool back to tell you about our friends at at at at at okay you know well uh you know okay um um at at at at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what well well you know so so um uh uh you can find all all all all all all all all all your favorite podcast I mean like so so well okay okay you know there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.