Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works works works well I mean you know I mean like you know like uh works works works works works works hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to okay uh I mean I mean you know I mean like um I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am am am am am am am well uh like okay okay well I mean um am am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream so like okay uh like uh well um dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream speakers in another episode of tomes of well I mean uh like uh you know like uh magic. But before we do, I thought it might be be be be like okay um uh you know um uh um be be be be be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how um well uh well uh I mean you know um you doing. I am doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing fine. Um I mean um uh um uh you know so. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang I mean I mean like uh um so so so now now now now now now now now now we talked for um um so well I mean like so so almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because because because you know um like okay um uh well so because because because because because because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso well uh you know okay I mean I mean like I mean back where they take it where where where where where where where where where he takes 18 um well I mean okay uh so so uh pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite quite quite well uh like so okay uh so okay quite quite quite quite quite quite enough but the key mistake I made was okay uh I mean you know uh you know so like I forgot that Australian summer time and and and and and and and and and like okay like uh like I mean you know like North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, I mean well like um okay okay you know I mean let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's figure out a time to record what uh okay so you know well um okay well will be good and I'm like like like like like like like like like 9:00 p.m. Your okay you know I mean uh um I mean so okay time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake wake wake wake like you know you know I mean you know like um like wake wake wake wake wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.