Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah hart. So um I mean okay um well okay like. Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart. And today I am joined by well you know um uh so well I mean I mean extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might might might might might well uh I mean uh like I mean you know like might might might might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their um um like so so you know I mean like current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. Showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance. So okay I mean okay okay like okay um. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 30 well you know okay I mean um so you know so 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe well well okay uh uh so so uh we'll talk about cupping enjoy you you you you you you you you you guys. Okay well I mean okay uh I mean uh okay. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, um I mean well so uh well well you know today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, which I really yeah II you know you know um well well so like okay don't know why I really don't know why listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners like so you know like uh so um uh listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic uh I mean okay like uh so uh I mean trying to to to to to to to to to get ready Jenna and Kevin have like well okay um okay you know you know um been here for 30 minutes. I said to all all all all all all all all so like uh like okay well well well all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make I mean like you know you know well uh okay so sure the podcast is set. Set set set set set set set set. You know so okay okay uh I mean well well. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and well like you know well well um like you know and and and and and and and and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.