Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Kelly well I mean so uh you know like so so Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are like like um I mean uh so like like first-time listeners. I'm here joined by by by by by by by by by uh so like well uh you know so uh my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and um like you know so I mean so well okay and and and and and and and as is typical with my life, we change the like I mean you know so I mean so okay well plan because there's this little known virus virus virus virus virus virus virus virus you know um okay uh I mean I mean okay so virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was I mean uh like okay well uh uh so incredibly relevant to to to to to to to to to have a podcast I mean like um um I mean so like um on that topic today if it weren't you just in, california. California California California California like I mean okay like okay well um you know California California California California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is you know um well well well so so so Coronavirus is originated. Originated originated originated originated originated originated originated originated. I think that we um well uh um you know uh I mean like need no well, like have you been watching United States? States States States States States uh I mean well well I mean I mean you know you know States States States I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked so so I mean like I mean okay well you know at you they haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't even taken taking uh um um I mean I mean okay uh well my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we we we we so uh well so so um okay so we we we we we have here today to talk to us. So like um so you know well um so you know today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.