Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking I mean you know well I mean I mean you know I mean okay talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about male multiple orgasms and so like like uh you know well uh well well stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff I mean I mean I mean uh I mean I mean I mean okay stuff stuff stuff stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live so like okay so okay so so well with radiant energy levels juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy sexual uh okay uh I mean like you know you know you know vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the um I mean well like uh like uh well sexual Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery okay well uh well um okay you know well and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize um okay um well you know okay I mean you know magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our world um so like so I mean uh so you know that the the the the the the the the the ejaculatory orgasm is the um well I mean uh like okay okay okay extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest greatest greatest greatest um I mean uh well I mean I mean you know uh greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which well well well okay well okay well okay leaves him limp limp limp limp limp limp limp limp limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. Okay well uh I mean you know like uh I mean. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes like uh you know uh like so I mean like finishes finishes finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.