Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting you know uh um okay you know well okay uh starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, but you're not um uh uh um so you know um so really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is is is is is so uh um you know uh um uh like is is is is the way to do it. That's actually what we use you know okay okay I mean okay um so like to host this podcast. So So So So So So So So So I mean okay you know I mean you know so so um if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download like you know uh you know I mean I mean you know you know download download download download download download download download our audio upload it into anchor like you know um okay well like okay okay and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit hit hit like uh okay okay you know okay I mean uh hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such uh well uh uh I mean okay well you know as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Stitcher um um um um uh I mean um you know all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of well so uh like you know well so I mean of of of of of of of of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot um well okay like um like uh uh f m or download the mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile app on well so I mean you know like uh so I mean your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate appreciate appreciate okay so uh like so um like well appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to I mean um like uh so well uh I mean the show. We couldn't do this this this this this this this this this without well okay you know like you know okay I mean you know you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review review well okay so so well okay okay um review review review review review review review join the Facebook group follow us on social so so like um I mean like um you know media. I'll have all the pertinent Links Links Links Links Links Links Links Links I mean well like like uh well like well Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.