Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. Podcast podcast so okay well you know well uh uh okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. You know you know uh uh you know like okay uh. So one of the things that that that that that that that that that I wanted I mean so well okay um well um you know to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am am am well like I mean I mean I mean so okay okay am am am am am am interested in and I want to learn more about and uh well well well okay okay so I mean one of those things is is is is is is is is is Ecommerce businesses. How do okay so so like um um so uh you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing licensing licensing licensing um you know I mean okay like well um uh licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of um so okay you know well I mean so like the things that somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody who wants to start I mean so so I mean well um I mean um an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is is is is you know you know so you know uh I mean well uh is is is is is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine you know so well so um like um uh seven one agency created nine seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven well so I mean um um um so I mean one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle um uh I mean um you know so well like Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle East they work with local and international um well uh okay uh I mean well like brands in the Middle East some of which which which which which which which which I mean um so you know well like you know so which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.