I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk you know okay you know uh I mean like like you know talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. It was the buzz. Hi like um you know I mean like well I mean well everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a a a a a a well uh like okay I mean so okay like a a a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk I mean um I mean uh well uh you know well about tonight. And And And And And And And And And so far okay like so well um um so um first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama drama okay like so uh you know okay uh you know drama drama drama drama drama drama drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's okay um you know well uh I mean so um are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and well um so you know you know I mean I mean you know then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the the the the um well okay you know um um uh I mean the the the the the end and then of course at the end. And we'll you know um I mean like uh you know I mean um be doing our class class class class class class class class class clown class president. You know um okay you know well I mean so well. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, episode, you know uh like I mean I mean well so like episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, please start sending them in in the live you know uh like like you know well okay you know chat. I am katie. Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie Katie. I am you know you know I mean um I mean so I mean okay flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if if if if like uh so so you know I mean like like if if if if if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you know uh you know well okay um so like you as you you you you you you you you you guys as my co-host because I so uh uh okay I mean um like well will be relying on you greatly tonight. So So So So So So So um okay uh so uh like so I mean So So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.