Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you uh I mean okay like well uh um I mean take your health health health health health health health health health Fitness and wants well so um like um uh I mean like it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello Hello Hello well uh like uh uh like well so Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with I mean like um I mean you know okay like so Cheryl and Danny today's episode is is is is is is is is is called uh well okay well um so okay I mean movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it it uh you know you know um like like so so it it it it it it it I think it's what we've been saying well okay uh uh I mean you know um you know for the last few weeks. I feel like like like like like like like like I mean well so you know well like like you know like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm okay so okay okay okay you know well like arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm the post that we put on you know like like like I mean uh I mean so the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about about about about about about about so like so like uh so like so about about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to like you know okay okay uh so okay um to to to to to to to to really talk about something that I'm you know like um like you know like I mean like super passionate about and I know you are are are are are are are are I mean well like I mean I mean you know um you know are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as so so um uh like I mean so well an an an an an an an an an osteopath. So this is well you know uh you know you know uh uh I mean really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your your your your your um so like I mean like uh okay uh your your your your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Um you know uh um so okay you know so. Fantastic. You're always welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.