Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join well well I mean uh so you know like I mean with with with with with with with with with me as Matthew Landry who well uh okay I mean so so I mean I mean seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama like um well you know well so well well Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad so um um you know okay uh you know well to to to to to to to to to have you back here Matt. How I mean I mean so you know like well so well are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here here here here here here here here um well uh you know uh I mean well I mean here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty okay so so I mean I mean I mean uh I mean good pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad uh uh um okay you know um so you know to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially especially especially especially so well like um like you know okay I mean especially especially especially especially especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined um so so okay well um okay you know by Blake level who's the host host host host host host host host host so I mean I mean uh I mean like I mean so of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level you know you know so uh um like well like level level level level level level level level and he he's someone that is Alabama um uh I mean I mean you know so I mean so fan by day Auburn fan by night and and and and and and and you know so so um like you know I mean okay and and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great okay I mean um uh okay like um I mean job of covering SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC basketball and I you know so so I mean okay like okay I mean mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's it's it's it's you know okay you know like I mean uh like so it's it's it's it's it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after like like you know you know um so well you know a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.