Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon you know well so you know you know I mean like well Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of well you know you know well I mean well I mean well our video show on YouTube. If you you you you you you you you so you know so so you know like well I mean you want to go look it up there and see the video version of like you know okay um you know um um well these these these these these these these these these you can do that. If um okay so like I mean I mean you know so you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts okay well okay I mean you know so um um podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us uh um uh uh okay you know well like a review. It would be be be be be be be be be kind um well so so I mean I mean well so of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top well I mean okay so um you know so like top top top top top top top top 10s. And in the video today, like you know you know well so well uh well we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about about about about about about well uh well like like um um you know about about about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized you know okay okay okay um okay well okay crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime has become almost synonymous with the okay so so well well well okay so mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop like um um uh so like so well Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived um so okay okay you know I mean well well Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia May comprise the best known organized like well well okay uh like uh well crime groups in the United States. They are far far far far far far I mean um like well um I mean well uh far far far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.