Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you like you know uh okay you know so I mean well you you you you you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season um so uh you know so okay you know uh couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison you know uh uh okay well um well uh Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description I mean you know uh like so like okay uh and and and and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor so so um like um uh uh uh Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be be be be be be you know um you know well like you know like like be be be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was so so okay so you know like um okay announced as next next next next next next next next next season's leading woman. So okay I mean you know so okay well you know you know let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after after after after after after you know um you know um uh okay um um after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be like I mean um I mean I mean well okay okay the winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner of this season, so okay well uh like like well well right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming filming filming filming you know okay okay I mean I mean well uh like filming filming filming filming filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I well you know well um like okay okay I mean see no other explanation unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless y'all have okay well uh like uh uh okay like other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments comments comments comments comments comments you know um so so well um like um comments comments comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News okay um well you know so okay you know like Daily. But if you're new new new new new new new new new to Clare I mean so you know well like okay like um Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check check like well I mean you know so uh so so check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure so so you know you know well so you know uh you check out our Bachelor after show live live live live live live live live I mean well okay you know okay so well you know live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.