I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for well um um you know well I mean so uh the the the the the the the the the fact that someone created pics insight so I mean um uh you know well well uh and I happen to work hard to learn it it it it it it so uh okay okay like um you know well it it it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are uh uh like uh well like uh okay just really fantastic. Fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic. If you think about uh so well I mean um I mean like you know how far things have come for us to be doing doing doing doing doing doing um you know you know okay uh uh okay okay doing doing doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the you know like okay well like okay you know you know realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling okay okay uh so so well uh I mean I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Nielsen you know you know uh so so I mean well so to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he he he you know well um well so so so um he he he he he he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he well well you know so okay um so um also has a YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel visible dark astro. So okay well well um you know you know so. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's let's let's okay well you know okay okay you know okay uh let's let's let's let's let's let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space um uh like you know uh so I mean like junk a weekly podcast dedicated to to to to to to to uh you know uh I mean uh you know like um to to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring like like I mean um like well okay like you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.