What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. Like so well like I mean uh well I mean. We got got got got got got got got got a fun episode for I mean I mean okay uh well okay okay okay you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong strong okay um okay like like I mean you know so strong strong strong strong strong strong strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's like so okay well so um like you know there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll has well like well um well I mean uh like ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think you know like so uh uh you know you know um think think think think think think think think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's um um you know you know uh um well you know four teams that we think that that that that that that that that that could well so uh I mean um so uh uh win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then you know so you know uh so well uh I mean then then then then then then then then we're going to end off talking about beach so okay okay okay so well like you know volleyball. We're both really excited about the season season season season season season season season um well um you know okay well okay okay season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little little so so I mean like you know I mean well well little little little little little little little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All I mean like um well so okay I mean so right. So let's get into into into into into into into into into it okay you know you know I mean like you know so I mean Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new I mean like I mean like so well uh you know new new new new new new new new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, um like like I mean so okay um I mean they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today today today today today okay well I mean um you know uh like you know today today today today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.