People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy um um uh I mean I mean like I mean well to be be be be be be be be be doing this. I mean okay okay you know well well well I mean well decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant well like so well so you know um I mean irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit um I mean well well well um like so 20,000 subscribers. So if you you you you you you you you you are a so like um like I mean well uh uh subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished well okay um uh you know so so okay accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd I mean uh you know like okay I mean I mean well like to first and and and and and and and and and foremost say um you know uh like well uh like okay a big thank you to look for a line it to be you know like well I mean well I mean okay you know be be be be be be be be possible if you haven't Started checking out my okay okay I mean I mean uh like so like Ting rocking with mating taking my my my my my my my my my stuff you know well like okay well like uh okay in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need need need need um um I mean I mean so I mean I mean um need need need need need to spell out to you why you need to you know well you know like so okay I mean um start listening to that YouTube content come come come come come come come come come like okay well um okay uh so I mean on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't well I mean I mean well so uh I mean okay wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but like uh you know so I mean I mean like you know a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus caucus caucus caucus caucus caucus caucus okay well I mean uh okay I mean so uh caucus caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I okay you know um I mean uh okay I mean well believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.