Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with okay you know okay well uh okay so um with with with with with with with with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Like I mean so you know like well uh I mean. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in in in well um I mean you know okay you know you know I mean in in in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the you know like okay like well like well well who what why when and how of of of of of of of of uh uh you know you know well so okay um of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help okay uh um um you know I mean okay um help help help help help help help help you understand who I am. I've been an um um okay um so so so um RD for about 5 years now. Now now now now now now now now. Like so like so so okay um um. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from I mean okay you know so well I mean okay I mean from from from from from from from from there. I was able to go um so uh well um so well uh into a clinic Uncle setting working at at at at at at at at okay okay okay uh okay I mean you know well at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, well I mean so okay well okay like so which which which which which which which which which is really where I wanted like okay you know uh um I mean um so to be I was able to sit with with with with with with with with like uh okay like you know okay so uh with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups um I mean um uh well okay well so and and and and and and and and and we were able to see each um you know I mean you know okay okay like so other for a bit more than five or ten ten ten ten ten ten ten like um like um so um uh uh ten ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to well uh so well uh so like you know squeeze in a couple minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes in okay like so I mean I mean you know um like between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point um okay um um I mean um so uh because they've been been been been been been been been been here for a um well like so well like okay you know while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.