Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when when okay um you know uh okay well um okay when when when when when when when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a well I mean um so okay so well uh blast here today shows a a a a a a a a a um I mean like so you know you know you know like good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful beautiful uh like I mean okay okay um so I mean beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who like uh like well so I mean so I mean breaks down. V play from the New New New New New New New New New well like so I mean um I mean well um Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a okay like well uh I mean so I mean you know very good good good good good good good good good answer. Also Aaron Jones in so you know um so well so you know well the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that that that that that so like uh uh uh okay uh okay that that that that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't you know you know uh okay you know okay you know well thank you enough for choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing so I mean like well um um uh uh to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with you know okay uh so you know you know like um your your your your your your your your your earholes right now. A lot of I mean so well I mean well so like well the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips so like I mean um like so so like Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me um I mean I mean I mean um well um okay too. Too too too too too too too too. I love Q-tips to there's I mean you know I mean um uh so well so a war on Q-tips, by the way, though though though though though though though so okay so well I mean like uh so though though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push well uh so so like uh you know well it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.