If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like you know uh uh you know so um like explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's a creation tools you know you know I mean uh uh so you know uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh I mean well okay I mean uh um so podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. I mean well um well okay I mean you know uh. You you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on like okay I mean you know you know um well I mean Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can you know like I mean you know uh I mean um I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need okay okay like so like like you know uh need need need need need need need need to make podcasts in one place download well you know so you know you know you know you know like the free ankle up or good Echo the the the the the the the so well I mean you know uh you know okay uh the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. Like you know uh um I mean uh like so. I'm so so so so so so so so so excited about talking to you well so okay well um um uh you know about money, but not just money wealth means means means means means means means means okay well like so you know well like like means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not so so I mean I mean so well uh okay not not not not not not not not just about how much well well okay like like um okay okay money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony okay well so uh so well uh well Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.