Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff puff puff well you know well okay well you know um um puff puff puff puff puff puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate so like you know I mean you know you know so I mean you being here. We're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this really so well so you know uh well like you know cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give well so like I mean uh uh uh like give give give give give give give give away their products to a handful of so uh well I mean so well I mean I mean our listeners. And see what you like like like like like like like like like I mean okay well um like like you know okay don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple okay uh like so I mean so uh so couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple weeks supply of some CBD products from like um you know uh you know you know you know well CBD American Shaman EPA, and then then then then then then then then um uh well I mean like okay I mean well then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got well I mean like uh okay uh uh so to do do do do do do do do do go to the okay well so I mean um okay so I mean puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page um okay you know I mean so you know like I mean page page page page page page page page and just tell us why you so like like so like you know so okay want to try it out. Maybe you've tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried okay like so okay well um um I mean tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different well uh okay I mean so okay like okay companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies products. You want to see how this okay I mean so so um uh um like Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe so okay so um okay uh I mean so there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is you know uh so so so well like you know better than than than than than than than than than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.