Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host uh like well you know um you know you know so Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What so well you know like like okay you know okay we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the so I mean uh so um so I mean I mean the the the the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published okay you know uh like um I mean okay so on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this this this this this this this I mean you know so uh so well um well show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye Oye Oye I mean okay uh I mean well so I mean uh Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on you know okay so like well okay uh I mean social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all all all all all all of you know well uh so so okay um uh that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to uh you know you know uh you know um well um to to to to to to to to me. Let me know how well uh like okay you know well okay you know you liked this show and let's get into into into into into into into uh I mean uh um you know okay um okay into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in like uh okay um well um okay so the video video video video video video video video video today. We're looking you know uh like uh uh um you know like at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally totally totally you know okay like like well okay uh I mean totally totally totally totally totally totally different most of us go through life and not like well so uh so uh I mean uh knowing who we are are are are are are are are are or what like so um um well okay I mean so we want to do at least until a few decades in we we we you know so like so you know so I mean so we we we we we we go through many false starts and travel through many dead like like well you know well uh so uh and paths until we find find find find find find find find find the one that's like I mean um well like like okay so truly right for us many companies are the same often times the the the the you know okay uh you know like like you know you know the the the the the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.