Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the like so so I mean okay okay um I mean the the the the the the the app I'm using it is definitely I mean you know so um well like I mean well the easiest one to use it's free and there's there's there's there's there's I mean I mean well okay you know okay I mean so there's there's there's there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to okay well so so um well I mean I mean edit your podcast from from from from from from from from from your phone or like I mean well uh you know like um you know computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify okay so well uh so you know you know I mean Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is like you know well okay like like okay so great and you you you you you you you you you can make like you know um um like so okay um money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. Man man uh I mean uh uh you know uh uh I mean man man man man man man. You gotta grind you got to get to well um so so like um you know okay where you're going. So it's everything you you you you you you you you you need well you know well well so like like so to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on on you know uh you know um um well um okay on on on on on on on the App Store anchored on FM online to I mean um so so you know okay you know like get Started let's get in the madness. Madness madness madness madness madness madness madness madness. Uh um you know okay um well well uh. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of I mean you know well like so you know like I mean everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get I mean well um okay you know like I mean I mean into it. The first episode alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone okay I mean so uh um well um I mean did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out okay uh I mean well I mean you know okay like and and and and and and and and and reviewing it and everything so okay like um okay you know um okay of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.