What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want want okay like okay um like you know you know you know want want want want want want want to talk to you guys about anchor um well well so I mean okay like I mean anchor is the app that I use to to to to to to to like so like you know you know you know um like to to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred uh I mean so I mean like well I mean uh hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent free and it allows well I mean so well you know well uh um you to use tools that allow you to record record record record record record record like so uh you know um well um well record record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you okay um uh okay um so okay okay to record record record record record record record record record with friends as well uh so you know um you know so um like after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute distribute distribute um so I mean I mean like well I mean okay distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard you know like uh so you know you know well uh on Spotify app a a a a a a a a a podcast and many okay okay you know like you know like I mean you know more you can also definitely make money from your podcast podcast podcast um you know uh well you know uh um I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like I mean so okay you know uh like you know make a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the so uh well okay I mean you know okay okay the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I so uh you know you know uh well okay like I I I I I I I I start this podcast, I just want to um okay uh um so like I mean well let you guys know if you are are are are are are are are are um uh I mean well I mean uh uh like listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only only only you know so uh okay I mean uh you know I mean only only only only only only going through the left here. I want uh um I mean okay like um okay okay to believe because that's just the way way way way way way way way way my okay you know so I mean uh like okay like my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.