What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you you um so uh um okay so like so you you you you you you you by anchor if you don't know about I mean uh so okay okay okay like well anchor it's the platform that we use to make make make make make make you know well well so I mean I mean I mean I mean make make make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Uh okay you know um uh uh I mean so. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me just break it so well well okay like well like well down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's There's There's There's um okay you know well like um you know so There's There's There's There's There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with like well like uh well I mean so so all kinds of creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools so um okay like uh okay so you know um that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or so um um I mean well you know I mean you know or or or or or or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for um I mean well so like like you know so you so that it can can can can can can can can can be heard like I mean I mean well okay uh so um on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put put put put uh well so you know okay I mean like um put put put put put it you can make money from your podcast right uh like I mean like so so well you know out the gate. No minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. You know okay okay like um uh I mean you know. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that that that okay so you know you know okay um I mean uh that that that that that that you need to make a podcast all in uh uh well well okay I mean you know like one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free well um like you know um uh you know so anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the well uh well like okay so okay so episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode guys shit out in okay you know you know you know uh so I mean uh a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's That's That's That's so like you know uh you know you know you know uh That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like so like so I mean so like okay like within within within within within within within within within a week of doing so um well well I mean uh I mean like that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with with I mean well so so so like I mean um with with with with with with with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's I mean so like so you know okay well uh under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.