Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the um uh okay um uh I mean I mean uh global global global global global global global global global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has like so uh well so I mean well like recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is is is is is is is so so um well okay so uh uh is is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing so I mean I mean I mean okay okay so I mean the Marvel Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Universe movies based um okay so uh like like you know I mean on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back back back back back okay well uh you know so you know so you know back back back back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled like well okay um um well like um to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about today's well okay I mean well uh um um you know topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a a a a a like like okay okay okay uh um you know a a a a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake so you know well so well okay uh well of Spider-Man. I was currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently unaware of The like I mean like I mean you know um I mean okay Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting you know I mean well um like okay okay so expecting expecting expecting expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had I mean you know well okay uh I mean well like a huge crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush on Tom. That's almost well uh okay um I mean I mean you know uh three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years years years years okay um like uh uh like I mean you know years years years years years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.