This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the uh like um so uh I mean you know so the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um okay um uh okay you know so well me explain guys. So it's free free free free free free free free free um uh you know uh so I mean like I mean their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right so um uh well um uh I mean I mean from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer through uh like well um you know uh so uh their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it it um okay so okay uh uh I mean uh it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts um I mean you know I mean you know well like I mean and any other streaming service you you you you you you you you you okay I mean uh you know okay okay well well can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership you know I mean um well you know I mean I mean like listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In I mean uh I mean so so like like you know one place just on on on on on on on on on their app. So okay okay well I mean so well uh well guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you know okay well you know so like like well Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome okay so well um like okay okay um to bricks and buckets buckets buckets buckets buckets buckets buckets buckets buckets podcast. We are glad you know uh okay so like um well uh and excited to be back for episode 2 we we we we we we you know well um I mean okay I mean well I mean we we we out here recording just having a good time. We first you know like like well well uh you know uh off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.