Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood hood okay so uh uh well well okay well hood hood hood hood hood hood hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I okay I mean um you know like well you know well made it here I can make it it it it it it it it it anywhere uh uh so well I mean you know like like get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back I mean um like um I mean I mean well like back back back back back back back back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler well well well I mean uh uh you know you know and Sheriff here ready to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about some so um so um okay so well you know pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking freaking you know okay okay I mean um you know okay so freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like so I mean well so I mean okay uh like kind of the one of the the the the the the the uh I mean I mean uh well I mean uh like the the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like well I mean I mean you know so um so you know actual key key key key key key key key key Concepts and other well okay you know you know okay well so okay things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. Principle principle you know you know well okay um um so you know principle principle principle principle principle principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this like um um well you know well you know you know episode is all about the difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference um um uh uh um uh like like difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do so well well so like I mean um so do do do do do do do do we mean by that? We um okay well uh um uh I mean like obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, like, like, like, like, like, so like well um um like uh like like, like, like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break okay okay um okay you know okay um I mean it down real real real real real real real real real quick and basically what um I mean so I mean like um I mean you know me and sheriff came up with one more thing thing thing thing thing thing um so so like I mean I mean uh um thing thing thing about what we came up with what we what we have found well um I mean you know okay I mean okay you know to be true true true true true true true true true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.