What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the so okay you know okay um okay uh like the the the the the the the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm um you know you know I mean so uh so you know the owner and and and and and and and and and operator of dialed you know like well you know so like uh okay Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic topic topic topic topic well you know you know so like you know I mean I mean topic topic topic topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This um uh uh um uh okay uh you know topic was sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent in by an so uh okay like well um you know well underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because because because um like well uh okay uh okay okay because because because because because because he noticed that most of my Programs and so uh like I mean um um I mean I mean pretty much all the workouts. I put out out out out out out out I mean um um so okay you know um okay out out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to so like okay okay uh well well like know why why why why why why why why why that is. Is it something you know well I mean uh I mean um so uh that really is better for cyclists. Is it it it it it it it it uh I mean so I mean um like so you know it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science so well so you know I mean okay I mean well and and and and and and and and and we're also going to break like like well so I mean I mean like uh down some reality because you know, all the the the the the the okay so uh okay you know so uh like the the the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. Okay you know so like okay um well like. I I I I I I I I I think so, we'll talk about both and you know like uh okay like um I mean uh then really why I choose to do do do do do do do do so uh uh okay um you know well like do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.