Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is okay well you know so like so okay uh is is is is is is is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this uh like you know um I mean uh you know you know time around and boy. Do we have have have have have have have have have like okay so I mean you know okay well uh a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You You You well well well uh like well um um You You You You You You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's um like okay uh okay well you know I mean going on? I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you jumping um um okay uh well well so so in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the the the the so I mean well so you know you know you know you know the the the the the future Sox podcast. This is going to be okay you know well you know uh uh I mean you know weird for me because I don't normally do do do do do do do like like uh you know well so like um do do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw um you know uh I mean uh I mean so um this up up up up up up up up up Mike. Appreciate you having like like like well so you know I mean you know me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at at at at like you know um you know like well okay um at at at at at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing okay you know well um well I mean like like this now for almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost two so uh okay you know um I mean well uh years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect um um okay I mean well uh um so to to to to to to to to to get as big as it's turned so like so well you know you know well well into and now we're you know, we got got got got got got got got got well so I mean well uh okay like like this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going well so okay uh like I mean well okay going going going going going going going going to be trying out a live well well I mean okay I mean uh uh uh broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and and and and and and okay well okay okay you know you know uh I mean and and and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead I mean you know you know like um uh you know I mean of one and it just just just just just just just just just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.