Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are I mean I mean like you know so like uh well are are are are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but like well well okay um you know I mean like you can make me even even even even even even even even even um like you know so um um uh you know happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of like um uh you know like I mean so I mean of of of of of of of of interest. Oh get your mind uh um you know you know okay okay I mean I mean out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that that that that I mean you know I mean um you know you know okay um that that that that that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili like um well uh well okay well so Doug Davis is looking into the the the the the the the the the foreign like uh well like uh well okay okay exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a well okay okay you know so okay so so a a a a a a a a pretty hefty. Package for me to send you know you know so okay well like you know like her to Barcelona if that's what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you know okay you know you know like uh well um you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow so you know um okay so so well well ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate 50 of them in one I mean well uh uh like well um you know Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet I mean um uh uh like I mean you know well gullet gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just you know like you know okay like okay so so shy of an an an an an an an an an A+. Look point is the I mean well I mean uh you know so uh well kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about about about about about about about about you know so you know you know so I mean so so about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's like uh you know you know um um so I mean Not Be hasty. Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty. We think chili dog like so I mean like like um okay well will be a great fit in the halls of our our our our our our our uh so well so you know okay I mean I mean our our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.