Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you so well um you know like uh like so you you you you you you you you a little bit today about some um you know um uh so you know um like happen to me the other day and they've asked me me me me me me so um like you know you know like you know so me me me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed okay well um I mean you know um you know you know my life. I I I I I I I I I think it'll change well um um so like um so um your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed changed changed changed I mean uh I mean okay so so okay well changed changed changed changed changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin um like well you know okay um well uh Skeeter shop. But today I I I I I I I I I walked um um I mean um okay well I mean so in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford um well I mean um um I mean I mean like ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and Skeeter like okay okay so so um um uh walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of of of of like well so like I mean uh okay you know of of of of of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got okay like well well so like okay well something I need to to to to to to to to to tell I mean I mean you know uh like you know um like you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He you know so so well like well you know well He He He He He He He He said I want to tell well I mean uh like well like like like you about something that I found out they if you you you you you like I mean like um okay like okay I mean you you you you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. So um um like uh you know so you know. He says says says says says says says says says it's called anchor and well so um I mean so uh I mean I mean it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh so um uh like I mean I I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.