Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you know I mean I mean well um uh like um voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices in the church talking okay um you know you know okay well uh uh about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to to to so uh like um you know um well so to to to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding um so you know so uh uh you know um before our eyes. Eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot I mean uh so so I mean I mean well well of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to to to well I mean so uh you know like I mean I mean to to to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast okay like you know um uh okay so like hosting platform. If you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about um like I mean you know I mean okay so you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's well well um um like like uh I mean it's it's it's it's it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record I mean okay so well okay uh well well and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from uh um uh um so uh uh so your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so okay I mean so uh so okay well it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like okay like um you know well you know uh many more you can actually make some some some some some some some some some like well well uh I mean you know okay um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to okay so um you know I mean you know well well to to to to to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. So um uh well well well so well uh if you're interested download the free free free free free free free free you know well um like like okay like okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.