Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally so okay okay like I mean you know um I mean literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to make like like I mean you know uh uh you know um a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we we we we we um uh like um so like like so we we we we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people like so okay uh okay uh you know uh I anchor so great great great great great great great great great one. It's free you know well uh like you know so so uh love free big plus when it's free to you can only only only well so um I mean um well so so only only only only only only record and edit your podcast or okay I mean I mean um uh well so okay you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but but but but but but but like um well like so uh like like but but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. Okay uh well uh well I mean like well. It It It It It It It It It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google like so I mean uh like like um you know podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and and and and and and so okay like well like uh like you know and and and on top of that you can even make money off so okay well I mean um um well okay of this app. So So So So So So So So So it's free and okay um well uh um you know I mean um you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make make make make make make okay okay so I mean um well um so make make make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors I mean um like uh I mean uh okay so for your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum amount of you know you know uh um okay you know okay okay listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to to to to to to okay I mean uh well well like you know okay to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.