Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U well well like so I mean okay so like U U U U U U U U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March so um uh like you know well um you know 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart okay um I mean you know um well okay well Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all I mean like okay I mean okay okay like um of of of of of of of of of a sudden the 2020 I mean like um well okay you know okay uh season is upon us. We're just days away from opening opening opening opening opening opening opening so so like you know um I mean uh well opening opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do well like um um I mean well okay uh you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel kind of refreshed ready to like um like like I mean well I mean I mean go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it it it it it so well like um like you know so okay it it it it was like we're about to kick off and I uh um okay you know okay uh okay you know was like, oh good good good good good good good good good good thing okay so um I mean uh like okay uh I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy uh well I mean uh okay uh I mean I mean Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think so you know like uh well like I mean so the remnant or like like like like like like like like like the remedy so you know um uh so I mean you know okay was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was was um okay well uh well okay I mean um was was was was was was was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's so so I mean well I mean well okay I mean happening? This is happening there soon as they beat beat beat beat beat beat beat well well you know well well um well um beat beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of okay you know so um well okay okay well things. We are are are are are are are are are good for real back in you know um well so so like so like the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.