Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital I mean well um so so like uh so HR leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need okay uh uh you know uh uh you know I mean to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um like like so I mean okay um so It's It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical I mean you know um so uh uh so you know to deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver deliver greater business value. You know like like so okay like well I mean. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features features features features so okay like um well well like um features features features features features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent I mean well you know okay I mean uh um like people analytics and future of work work work work work work work work work okay um uh well like you know like okay conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and well so like um uh okay uh like how how how how how how how how how to develop and features Heather you know so um you know well uh I mean I mean Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley I mean you know okay um well like you know so Berkeley Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy so I mean so uh you know um um well analytics learning and operations of of of of of of of of of judicial RJ well uh well well I mean uh so okay Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is is is I mean like well I mean okay I mean you know um is is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and well well uh well like okay you know I mean Bailey managing director of my my my my my my my my my HR you know like well I mean uh well you know well future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.