Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by you know uh so okay well uh uh you know by by by by by by by Jason concepción Juliet Littman and David you know well so uh I mean so well well Shoemaker and David you have before. Before before before before before before before before. I okay uh uh uh well well so um know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this this well you know okay I mean you know well so I mean this this this this this this this country needs is a king. Oh my God I mean I mean okay okay well like okay well now listen. Listen, I'm not saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying we need uh okay okay okay um I mean well like a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to to to you know you know I mean so uh like like like to to to to to to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But um okay like like I mean you know I mean well look at England right now how much much much much much much much much like like uh okay I mean like okay well much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for so like so I mean uh you know you know okay every like like like like like like like like like a decade every 10 okay you know like you know like well you know uh years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we we we we we we we we I mean I mean I mean so so I mean like you know we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually I mean so I mean like I mean I mean like okay making making making making making making making making making the decision, right? So he's so so you know okay so you know you know okay have a guy who's a guy or a a a a a a a a a you know so so you know like you know um okay gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and and and and so I mean like you know you know like you know okay and and and and and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.