Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short um you know so like like I mean so like short short short short short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the I mean okay like I mean you know I mean well well two books that I have written written written written written written written written written and I'm well so okay like um so well well about to release head on over to my website at the anxious anxious anxious anxious um okay like um you know like um so anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books uh so uh you know well you know okay okay one of which is free and and and and and and and and and you well so okay well okay you know you know okay can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released uh I mean you know well so so like well released released released released released released released released and how you can get it. I would well um I mean you know you know um I mean um really appreciate that. Okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get uh like okay I mean like like you know uh rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? truth you know uh I mean like so you know you know um truth truth truth truth truth truth truth Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 okay well uh um okay uh you know um of the podcast if to left to to to to to to to to well well I mean okay okay uh so uh to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to um like I mean like um um I mean you know be on on on on on on on on on the hundredth episode. I I mean uh okay I mean well so okay like don't know if it's going to work out but I'm I'm I'm I'm like um you know so I mean um uh so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in like uh I mean um okay well like so a couple of weeks. So So So So So So So So So I'm okay um I mean I mean like I mean uh okay going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.