three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very so I mean you know like well um so like very very very very very very very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And you know you know uh okay um like like well we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers well uh okay well so okay like uh in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to okay so so okay uh so well okay to to to to to to to to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the you know okay uh so like okay like like best foilers in the world. He He He He He He He He He uh well you know like well okay I mean uh does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him you know uh you know okay like like um so him him him him him him him him today is not just because well okay uh like um I mean okay okay he's a champion off the water, but he's he's he's he's he's he's he's okay um okay I mean like um I mean um he's he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years like uh I mean so uh well I mean okay James Casey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Studio, mate. Okay uh well okay um okay like well. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to to to to to to uh well uh I mean you know well uh well to to to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the so like um I mean I mean so um okay bit of wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind coming on the weekend you know okay uh so okay um uh uh 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It It It It It It so I mean well um well I mean well um It It It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast you know you know I mean so so you know so uh is swung around and they they they they they they they they they grinding you know you know I mean um like you know um so going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.