For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach so okay well okay so I mean I mean okay data, data, data, data, data, data, data, data, data, we save teachers hours each week by so okay like so uh like well like bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to to to to to to like so I mean uh well uh like like to to to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for uh I mean you know well so okay um like on here. Thanks so so so so so so so so so much for um you know I mean okay okay uh okay I mean listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review review review review review review well I mean so like so I mean well I mean review review review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have okay like okay I mean okay I mean you know um you heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of the daily? 5 like well like so uh uh so you know Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this this this this this this uh um well I mean you know well so okay this this this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's like um well okay well like um you know a huge fan of of of of of of of of of the daily you know um you know I mean you know well I mean like 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the the the the okay well okay you know well okay you know well the the the the the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer I mean like uh like um um well uh for her and her students. Students students students students students students students students. My students came like well uh uh uh you know you know uh to school on the second day and they were like, when when when when when I mean you know uh well well so okay you know when when when when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was well so uh well uh uh uh okay just sold so I I I I I I I I I knew it was worth it. Uh um uh okay um well you know so. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.