What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the um okay you know I mean I mean I mean okay well the the the the the the the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about like well like I mean I mean you know you know so what products you should not not not not not not not not not well uh uh okay I mean so well like drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce uh like so um so uh uh okay or build build build build build build build build build a new store or okay like um um like like I mean uh launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where where where where okay well you know like well like well so where where where where where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the I mean okay well like well um well I mean right products. Now, the first level level level level level level level level level okay you know okay well uh so uh like is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you um you know I mean uh uh uh uh well you you you you you you you you want to sell and after um well um you know so I mean uh okay you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level level level level level level uh uh I mean you know okay so so uh level level level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want so like uh um okay like like like to work work work work work work work work work with if um I mean you know um okay uh I mean okay you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest deepest deepest deepest deepest deepest okay uh like um you know well I mean uh deepest deepest deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you I mean you know so I mean you know okay um okay in this this this this this this this this this podcast is what to well okay you know uh like okay um I mean look for at all three levels to make sure you're you're you're you're okay so you know I mean you know um uh um you're you're you're you're you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build you know like so well okay um um I mean one of these stores and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually so like like like okay uh like I mean build a real business now before we get into it, I should let well I mean so so um I mean like well let let let let let let let let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.