Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if uh I mean okay so um well like so you've been been been been been been been been been following us over the past couple of I mean like so um uh you know well you know episodes you would have noticed that we we we we we we we we we started well I mean like um so um you know you know a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Chuck Chuck okay I mean okay um like so um I mean Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. You know um you know you know I mean um like uh. Then we had Matt Candler join us us us us us us us us us so like okay so well so you know so talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that that that like I mean uh I mean I mean you know like you know that that that that that that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Uh so okay I mean well I mean you know like. Camera. Joining us and she talks about about about about about about about about I mean like okay okay like okay you know well about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a a a you know uh okay uh you know okay um well a a a a a a gift as we engage with the spiritual well like well okay okay um uh okay truth of fasting. So thank you Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana like okay uh so I mean I mean you know okay Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a well I mean so like you know like I mean you know loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving wife and you've been here. I hope um you know uh I mean um like okay like for a long time. So you've obviously spent spent spent spent spent spent like so like you know like well I mean you know spent spent spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going like uh like so well um um you know to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just unpack well you know like well you know okay I mean I mean that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.