Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for um like like um well well um uh today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur so so I mean okay so you know so uh Zach white. This episode is all things things things things things things things things things travel I mean uh I mean so I mean I mean uh like during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique unique unique you know uh you know you know okay so um well unique unique unique unique unique unique lifestyle and to find out what creative so like I mean okay so you know uh I mean plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you you you you you you you well well okay I mean I mean so okay uh you you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys okay so like so um so uh um a group group group group group group group group group of creatives who were well I mean well like I mean uh um well traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Me me me I mean uh so I mean so uh I mean so me me me me me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for well um well uh I mean I mean okay I mean having me. So Zach and I actually met met met met met met met um okay I mean you know you know okay um uh met met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. I mean like so uh well well so okay. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you should Park ourselves off when um I mean well okay so like you know you know our laptops and a lot of people come through and and and and and and and you know um I mean uh well you know okay well and and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got okay so um I mean I mean um you know um got got got got got got got got a few things in common. And here so so um uh well um well you know we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.