Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining you know like okay um well well so so entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining will be when you are watching like like so okay like you know like you know us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with with with with with with with well you know okay um okay you know um so with with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every so okay well uh um I mean um okay day on on on on on on on on on electric. Now. How do you well I mean uh okay well well okay um get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV TV TV TV TV so um you know um uh I mean um well TV TV TV TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick uh okay um well okay okay like I mean one. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to have all so well you know I mean like okay um you know your not them all of them, but it helps helps helps helps helps helps helps helps I mean well like okay okay um I mean so helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us so okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean as as as as as as as as as we bring you the 4:30 I mean uh well you know you know well I mean like movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc Marc Marc Marc Marc I mean you know I mean so like well okay you know Marc Marc Marc Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 um okay okay you know um so okay like movie. And if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're a James Bond like okay like I mean well like well um fan, you want to pick up my new book book book book book book book okay uh I mean you know like I mean you know so book book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh and spy spy spy spy spy spy spy spy spy Mania. It's a I mean well okay uh like okay um um hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.