What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope well okay you know okay like like okay so hope hope hope hope hope hope hope y'all are growing in your faith okay well like okay okay like uh I mean some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, so so okay like I mean you know okay I mean Matthew, Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Uh well so uh you know I mean um I mean. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. Button button button button button button button button. If um well okay um I mean like so you know you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could could I mean um like you know uh so so I mean could could could could could could could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot um um like like you know um you know like to us and it gets the message out to to to to to well I mean okay well um uh okay okay to to to to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let uh I mean um so so uh like well me introduce my my my my my my my my my lovely co-host matthew. Um um okay you know like like okay uh. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on on on on okay like like I mean um uh um I mean on on on on on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? um um okay well well um so like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably you know so uh I mean I mean like um I mean the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds um um well like um you know uh so seconds seconds seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on so so you know okay uh so I mean I mean our demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic Church teaching series and I mean well um okay I mean uh you know um we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.