Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with with um I mean okay like like so well um with with with with with with with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad I mean like you know I mean so I mean you know okay luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire I mean you know um um uh okay uh so entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around well I mean like okay okay I mean uh uh your your your your your your your your your neck, but you had a I mean well well you know so so I mean you know busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. Travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel. Well so um like I mean well okay I mean. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I so like so um um um you know you know I I I I I I I I sound like I'm being sarcastic because you know well so well well uh um uh it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so uh I mean okay okay um like uh I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game um um um well okay um like I mean and and and and and and and and and then Saturday morning you woke up and like so okay uh I mean okay well you know drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball um like uh um so um I mean you know game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts uh you know you know um um okay okay um and and and and and and and and and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina like uh I mean you know okay uh like okay first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game game game game game game um I mean um so uh so like you know game game game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are uh okay like uh um well I mean I mean back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.