Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that you know okay well okay well I mean okay well that that that that that that that that podcast thing now in launching a I mean um okay well uh so um well patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. Podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts um like uh so you know so well so podcasts podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you I mean like you know uh I mean like you know you know want to to to to to to to to to receive a special newsletter like I mean well I mean uh so I mean I mean digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a a a a a uh okay okay uh okay well you know well a a a a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori like like well okay you know well okay um events. Go take a look at at at at at at at at at patreon.com uh um like so uh well you know so. Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean lean lean um okay okay like okay well like well lean lean lean lean lean lean and that startup kind of way that okay well um okay you know you know you know uh That, you know, we like like like like like like like like like to do this list I mean you know um I mean I mean you know so so of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like like like like like like like um um so okay okay so so like like like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see I mean I mean so okay like like um you know but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't listed okay I mean uh okay well so okay okay here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer offer offer offer um uh I mean I mean like uh um you know offer offer offer offer offer to you. You can send an email to I mean so well I mean you know so okay okay podcast at Nori.com or fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill out our podcast you know uh okay okay okay uh so I mean survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor nor nor nor nor okay I mean so so like you know um um nor nor nor nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.