Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction okay you know I mean I mean you know you know so I mean for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday mornings. There's no uh so you know you know uh well uh like sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and and and and and and um so like okay I mean well I mean like and and and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit you know okay okay okay um I mean uh well different. I I I I I I I I I keep thinking about our okay like I mean so so uh okay like guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to I mean so you know okay I mean okay you know like to to to to to resonate with so many of you out there. I want um um so um well you know I mean so you to listen. This This This This This This This This This okay you know I mean uh okay like um um one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to you know uh you know I mean you know uh okay so to to to to to to to to know her pretty well at the end of this I mean you know okay so I mean uh so like half hour episode this half hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour okay you know like well so okay okay um goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't so um you know I mean uh like I mean uh please share share share share share share share share share the episode people need well so uh like I mean so well so to hear her story. They need to hear about about about about about about um I mean okay um um well so uh about about about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so like uh so uh I mean you know so I mean many different storms storms storms storms storms storms storms storms storms that have uh you know so um okay I mean um okay taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know know know know know uh like um so you know okay uh um know know know know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.