If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts uh so like um well so so okay at at at at at at at at at home, if you are a mom with I mean uh well like like I mean like um kids and you really really struggle to find find find find find find find find um um okay well I mean well okay okay find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this uh so uh well well um you know okay plan. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, I've just released on been you know you know you know like well uh so you know Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden you know so like uh so you know okay um Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a um well like you know so well you know um four-week plan which consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists of three workouts like like uh you know I mean like well you know every single week all different workouts. You also get access to to to to like okay um so well well okay so to to to to to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of I mean so like you know you know so like you know how to do every single exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise on okay so uh like um like um you know the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might might might might I mean so like like I mean okay um uh might might might might might get a chair up some point, but very very very uh so so well so uh okay you know minimal equipment and and and and and and and and and stuff that you can well uh well I mean um um well you know find around the house. And so if you answered yes to to to to to I mean okay well I mean so I mean like uh to to to to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet you know like like I mean I mean uh okay you know is also 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.