Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about well uh um okay okay so um like anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make well well well um you know so okay I mean a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this this okay you know um okay I mean so I mean well this this this this this this this creation tools that allow you to um so you know okay I mean well so you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, like I mean uh so so I mean so so phone, phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. Well so uh like okay so you know um. It's going going going going going going going going going to distribute your podcast so uh okay like well okay uh uh on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and and and and okay so uh like so well um um and and and and and many more on top of that. You can actually you know like uh well okay I mean I mean I mean earn money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no uh you know you know so I mean okay I mean like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one one one I mean you know um uh like okay um uh one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or okay well uh okay I mean well well I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Started started started started started like so well I mean so um um like started started started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people well so well uh you know like I mean well like you you you you you you you you you and me to invest our I mean well uh well so you know well so money in the more entertaining way. My name is is is is is is is is you know I mean okay well um you know uh I mean is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of like you know well okay you know you know I mean like my money money money money money money money money money by flipping cards I mean well uh you know like well like like and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing sharing sharing sharing I mean so so so okay okay I mean well sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I mean I mean um I mean um like I mean like learned and more importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly who you should you know you know like so uh you know uh uh be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your your your I mean um well um um well I mean okay your your your your your your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.