Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Here you know like well like like um I mean you know here here here here here here here. Welcome to The Filling Station a well okay you know okay like uh you know uh podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like like like like like okay uh um I mean like um um I mean like like like like to talk about with your view to give lessons like I mean um I mean well uh like uh that they learned from their experiences. Experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences. You know okay like like well uh um so. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson uh um so um I mean uh um so behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind everything we're going to talk about so well well like well okay I mean so today. Now in this episode. We are are are are are are are are are outside um so I mean um okay um I mean well the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it it okay well you know uh so so okay so it it it it it it it is hella windy here. What is happening here okay so I mean like I mean you know well so with the weather. Lord knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows cheese so so I mean well like so uh okay it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and and and and and I mean I mean like so you know well well you know and and and and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I so okay like so okay uh like well am not used used used used used used used used used to this. How'd you um I mean like uh so uh okay okay guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get get get get get get get um so well you know I mean like okay like get get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has you know um well okay okay you know like like been a a a a a a a a a meeting that's been in like okay like um like you know like well the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.