Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to uh I mean like you know so uh well uh to to to to to to to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard okay well like okay well uh well you know about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to you know like um okay so I mean you know well make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because because because because you know so I mean like like uh well well because because because because because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that so um you know uh so um um okay allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit well uh well like so uh uh you know your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your your so uh okay like you know um I mean um your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it could be heard well um um uh I mean like well like of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any any any any any any so uh you know like I mean um um like any any any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from um um like like you know I mean like okay your your your your your your your your your podcast and there's no minimum. Okay okay well okay like well you know like. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh uh like I mean like so um you know podcast podcast podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor you know you know okay you know okay like you know I mean app or check out out out out out out out out out anchor dot f m-- I mean so okay uh um so uh so they have all the information there for you right there. So So So you know I mean so okay okay okay well I mean So So So So So So do it, you know, when you do the okay like you know uh um you know like you know little like clip or whatever just just just just just just just just so I mean like okay um you know uh uh just do talk about that for like that like mid break part I mean I mean um um you know so I mean so where you you you you you you you you you put like an ad. Okay. Uh well well you know okay you know um uh. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the the the the the the so you know I mean um I mean well uh like the the the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.