Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether Whether so um you know uh uh so I mean so Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether this is your first time tuning in or uh um um I mean you know I mean so um you're returning guest. Thank you so so so so so so so well I mean you know well okay uh uh okay so so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the like uh well so uh I mean so um studio joining me is is is is is is is is is the Cody lawson. Like uh uh well okay well you know so. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse excuse excuse excuse um well um well okay you know well uh excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering well I mean okay um you know I mean okay uh exactly what lifted logic is. Is is is is is is is is. Uh you know okay you know well okay you know okay. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related related related so like um you know um like well well related related related related related related we talked to folks from the staff here. We you know um so um like like well you know do industry Trends or or or or or or or or or events. So yeah, we like so like you know so uh well you know just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires tires tires tires you know so uh you know like okay you know um tires tires tires tires tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going so so like you know I mean like okay uh to want to head on over over over over over over over over over so like uh um I mean so um you know to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway uh uh so like okay I mean okay so yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming um so um okay I mean okay well uh up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going going going going going going going going going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.