You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a a a a okay I mean so so uh so I mean you know a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are like okay um like well uh so like certain tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to like uh well like so uh I mean you know record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your like okay okay I mean like um I mean you know your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it well like like uh um uh um like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more um well so uh well like um I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything uh so so okay okay I mean I mean um everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Okay uh um like I mean I mean okay uh. Is arranged marriage a scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary proposition you know so um I mean uh you know like you know last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the the so okay I mean uh you know you know um you know the the the the the the the first experience. The two parties are engaged so well you know so okay uh um um and right before the wedding the girl told told told told told told told told I mean you know uh okay so uh like you know told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date I mean like you know so you know like you know like date date date date date date date date approached the girl ran away with um well you know you know um okay so like her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got got got got got got so well so I mean well so you know you know got got got married, but within a month my friend found so like well uh like you know so well out that she was still in in in in in in in in in touch I mean well um okay you know okay um uh with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for for for um so um well like I mean like so for for for for for for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.