All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And so you know uh so like well like um guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what we host our podcast so like I mean I mean okay okay so um on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're you're you're you're you're you're um well well um you know like like like you're you're you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way so um um okay well you know um you know to get started started started started started started started started started this got a Content um so okay um um uh uh so creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right right right right you know well I mean you know I mean you know well so right right right right right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but so so you know well uh uh I mean uh you can do it it it it it it it it it there uh well uh so like um like well too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging challenging like okay uh I mean you know um you know like challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging part, you know want to mess with that. Well so I mean well uh uh I mean okay. They got you covered and get get get get get get get get get it okay um okay well well you know um like right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast well I mean um I mean uh okay I mean like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or founds And you know what, you um well so um like so you know um can monetize it to make a a a a a a a um so uh okay uh I mean I mean like a a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need need I mean you know so um so uh I mean uh need need need need need need need to make a podcast all in one I mean like um um like uh well okay individual place. So, you know what head over over over over over over over um okay well you know I mean well like um over over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on like uh I mean you know you know so okay okay FM to get get get get get get get get get started. If you're ready I mean um um um so so well I mean to launch your podcast and make it happen. This This This This This This This so like so you know I mean so you know you know This This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening okay like okay I mean um well I mean you know to the London London London London London London London London London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.