Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos Tuxedos Tuxedos Tuxedos you know uh well you know you know okay so like Tuxedos Tuxedos Tuxedos Tuxedos Tuxedos and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I like okay you know you know okay um um okay love that when you say it. It it it it it it it it. You sound okay you know I mean like so I mean okay like like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to uh well like like I mean so uh um to to to to to to to to another episode of I don't want to put okay well okay you know you know uh um well my microphone. We're not in the the the the the the the the the I mean I mean so I mean well I mean I mean uh new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch well you know you know um so you know you know so watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the Vlog that we posted at by the so well like you know well okay you know uh time you listen to this a few few few few few few few few like you know uh uh well okay I mean uh few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had well I mean well um uh um uh so to put put put put put put put put put our project on hold for a so you know you know I mean well like you know I mean few while we get rid of that. But But But But But But But so so okay uh okay um you know uh But But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now um you know I mean okay so I mean well well recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded a podcast in three different I mean okay okay I mean I mean uh like uh places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all all all all all all I mean like like uh so uh um well all all all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen so like okay you know uh I mean um so you in in in in in in in in in like a week and a well you know you know well uh you know I mean uh half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.