With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car car car like well so like um so you know you know car car car car car car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized well you know like okay so you know like like possession whatever your budget or or or or or or or or or family require. Okay uh I mean well uh you know well uh. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you you you I mean well okay you know uh so you know you know you you you you you you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is you know I mean um you know well like I mean you know the everyday driver car debate. Debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate. I um okay well like I mean so um I mean am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads you know like well um so you know you know well pads pads pads pads pads pads pads pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for so well you know I mean so like uh like you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports like okay okay I mean I mean um you know like cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it it it it it well um uh I mean you know okay like uh it it it it period it honestly I last started it the day I mean um okay so so okay uh uh after Christmas because I I I I I I I I I had to I mean I mean you know you know I mean so you know so get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm okay well like you know like like so well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to wrap my head around this you like you know you know um you know so um I mean started it last night started was the the the the the the the the the well you know like you know well like uh like day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Uh okay okay okay um well I mean so. Report report report report report report report report. Last time. It moved was a month well I mean like um so you know uh like before that. Oh my gosh. So So So So So So So So So I mean okay so you know you know well um like the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell I mean you know like um uh I mean well well tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. So like well I mean so I mean uh so. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.