It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk you know like I mean like I mean you know I mean well talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about anchor our new podcast you know you know uh I mean I mean um like I mean platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is is is is is is like well so well like well so well is is is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place like like you know like well uh you know well for free and and and and and and and and and you can use uh you know you know so well well I mean like it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and and and like um like um well okay I mean okay and and and and and and edit and make everything that you put uh uh I mean um you know well like so down on your podcast sound as good as my my my my my my my well so you know like so like okay well my my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded you know um you know okay well like um uh on another application. Application application application application application application application application. Also ankle will okay okay you know well um um so uh distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere everywhere so okay so uh well I mean okay like everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many you know okay um uh you know um like uh more. You can make easy money for your your your your your your your you know um um so um I mean um um your your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download I mean you know um uh like like I mean you know download download download download download download download download the anchor app or go okay well so you know um uh um well to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah okay well okay okay so okay uh I mean Yeah Yeah Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.