Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's um you know I mean I mean um you know so um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the Partnerships that we've had and well so like so well um well like and coming up in May of our Partnerships are are are are are are um you know um I mean uh you know uh like are are are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean well so um uh okay I mean so like this is I I I I I I I I I think the first time ever well you know like uh so I mean okay I mean right we able to combine everybody together and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like um okay so so so um um it's it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to like I mean like uh uh like I mean I mean be be be be be be be be be we're going to be there with schedule. I mean well like um like like okay like. Is he going to be a salon? salon salon salon salon salon salon you know well well so well like so I mean salon salon Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We uh you know you know okay okay um so I mean really really really really really really really really really Mega excited about that and so uh well okay I mean I mean um you know we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going going going going going going going going okay uh um I mean like I mean you know like going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very okay well well okay uh I mean well so schedule is is is is is is is is is City way, they're going to uh so you know um like okay um okay schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away away away away away away so um okay uh so you know like so away away away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want I mean you know you know um well so okay well to give us us us us us us us us us all the juicy details. Okay uh so okay uh you know I mean okay. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited like uh you know um you know okay so like excited excited excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.