Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm like you know uh uh you know um like uh your host host host host host host host host host Simon and in so you know so um so uh okay uh today's episode. This is the audio version of video that that that that that that um I mean you know so I mean um okay um that that that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If okay uh um you know uh um I mean okay you like this this this this this this this this this show, please well you know I mean so you know uh um you know do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would would okay you know you know I mean okay so um okay would would would would would would would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm okay um um you know you know I mean so I mean Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 internet. Um well uh I mean okay um well um. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles bungles well um so well uh okay um so bungles bungles bungles bungles bungles bungles bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli um I mean so okay so like okay so agents of The Mossad killed a waiter waiter waiter waiter waiter waiter waiter waiter waiter in uh like so uh so I mean I mean uh Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli Israeli Israeli okay you know like I mean I mean uh um okay Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had okay okay I mean you know like I mean uh so nothing to do with the terrorist attack. Attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack. Um um so um I mean so I mean so. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy I mean you know uh like I mean okay I mean um Spy Spy Spy Spy Spy Spy Spy Spy Games over the years there have well I mean well well like well well you know been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here here here here here here um you know um okay uh you know so so here here here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you well okay well um well okay you know like get into the the the the the the the the the list. I will say you know you know um okay like like um okay that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.