What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape I mean so like you know you know well I mean uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you well I mean okay well okay I mean uh so about how you can start and grow your hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping well you know you know well you know like uh so hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a okay uh so I mean you know um I mean uh marketing week. That That That That That That That That That means every day well I mean like uh um uh uh well this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on on uh I mean I mean I mean so so like like on on on on on on on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot you know so so um I mean so I mean I mean of value come come come come come come come come come and actually this week is you know I mean um okay you know you know so so starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark like well well okay you know okay okay I mean Mark Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media well well um I mean um you know you know well and he's here to to to to to to to to to talk with um um well you know well so uh well us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not not not well well uh I mean um I mean uh um not not not not not not just any clients, but the best clients into um well um I mean so you know um I mean your business. How do I identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify you know like I mean so um I mean well um identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to um okay I mean so okay you know so like to to to to to to to to take it from there? So an uh I mean uh like okay like um um awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and and and and and and and and and um well so uh you know okay so so here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. Today you know well okay like I mean well well okay today today today today today today today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a like so um well um so uh well business development manager for intrigued media media media media media media media media media a like um uh well um okay okay uh digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.