Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm you know I mean okay uh so okay like so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new so I mean like so uh so um like segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess like um so you know uh um so uh we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the the the okay um okay like uh I mean I mean okay the the the the the the news and I think the bigger story which like um okay I mean uh uh you know like we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining was so I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went went went went so um uh uh I mean I mean well you know went went went went went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then uh like I mean like like I mean I mean uh when he was there, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, well so um well okay well I mean well okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump well so well um um uh like well Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid so so uh I mean um you know uh okay it because they like to be boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring um um well you know uh I mean okay uh boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like like so well you know so you know so um so like like like like like like like this is hilarious. So I think you know okay uh um uh you know well like I think everyone would have seen the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie I mean um okay uh uh you know you know well movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and you know so I mean so well uh so uh I I I I I I I I I mean like he tried his hardest to well okay well um so uh I mean well get there like to talk about them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, you know um like uh okay you know well I mean them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to you know you know well so so like uh uh talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's uh you know like uh um like like uh very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.