You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley O'Malley you know you know you know you know okay uh I mean so O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting so like uh like I mean okay well I mean spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th like okay uh okay so like um so 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. I mean you know so uh I mean like you know okay. And as as as as as as as as as we go through the you know I mean so I mean like well like you know spring, there's going to be a break again after after after after after after after uh uh you know like so you know okay like after after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to okay okay okay so I mean okay well I mean hit as as as as as as as as as many podcasts as we can. Like I mean uh okay so I mean I mean okay. Take a relief following practices that are open to the the the the the the I mean uh um well uh like like you know the the the media how many we have Tim we have five open by um uh like I mean I mean so well like Focus and the Beauties. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're well um so well so I mean okay okay all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so like so like well like um um I mean we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll have an opportunity. We'll have uh like well um so like you know well a much better vantage point. I think we we we we we we we so I mean okay you know well you know well I mean we we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to I mean uh so uh you know um so okay to to to to to to to to get her practice report out I mean okay okay okay well so so okay afterwards either because you can do a little bit on on on on on on on well uh I mean well well so I mean like on on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. You know um I mean you know you know okay I mean so. So So So So So So So So So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.