Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an an okay well okay like so like like like an an an an an an an EF down. So happy to be here with okay okay uh uh well so uh uh you today the music in the the the the the the the the the background, like um so okay well I mean so like you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you uh like I mean so so like um okay you you you you you you you you grab a copy of his new I mean um okay I mean like uh well you know album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted like so I mean I mean like like so um wanted wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife well I mean uh well so okay you know I mean Jill this week week week week week week week week week continue to send your like uh uh I mean okay you know so okay love prayers. And if you would like to donate to to to to um I mean uh okay I mean uh uh I mean to to to to to help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on so you know okay um I mean uh I mean you know the show is one one one one one one one one one of my well okay um well um you know okay uh favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were were uh I mean like uh I mean okay you know like were were were were were were were writing in our space one of my okay well I mean you know like like um uh favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie um I mean like okay like well uh um Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came you know um okay I mean like uh like you know came came came came came came came came out last week if called on the I mean uh uh I mean uh like um so bright side and it is excellent. We We We We We We We We We so uh okay um like uh like well jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I I I so you know like well I mean so okay um I I I I I I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.