Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you you you you well I mean uh okay uh like well uh you you you you you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of uh uh um you know I mean you know well like your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcast and I mean uh I mean okay you know like I mean um one place that's for free. You don't even need need need need need need need like uh okay so so like you know so need need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all you know so like you know um um you know like all all all all all all all all trying to save a little bit these days. Okay I mean um uh um uh um you know. So with Spotify, you can follow your your your your your your your your your favorite so like okay like uh uh I mean you know podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to I mean uh uh like well well um you know to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can uh well uh uh you know um I mean you know even download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen uh like you know um like um like so to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably okay I mean so um you know um you know uh have have have have have have have have have too many. The apps downloaded already well well like okay okay so I mean I mean but this one is actually useful. So if if if if if if if if I mean I mean um okay I mean uh like I mean if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your um okay I mean like so so okay um favorite podcast on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in so you know uh you know uh well well I mean the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us us us us like you know like well you know um so I mean us us us us us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal okay uh uh uh um so I mean okay living advice. That That That That That That That That That being said, let's um uh so uh okay um I mean well get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of of of of of of okay you know okay well I mean okay you know um of of of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.