It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have okay okay like well uh uh so like have have have have have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse you know um so you know uh like okay you know because you have expenses. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you know you know okay so you know so um so don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Okay um okay so like well like so. Here's what what what what what what what what what to do. If you're I mean you know so like well I mean so I mean not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your your your your your your um uh you know okay uh so so um your your your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately you know uh uh like I mean uh so okay winning you more bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings and possibly okay um um like you know like um you know at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with with so I mean like so like so well like with with with with with with with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH uh uh well um you know you know like well with Airbnb automated and let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about how well okay okay so so so okay well to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight eight I mean I mean um uh well okay like like eight eight eight eight eight eight eight strategies will get you more bookings and okay um you know like well so you know so I'm going to order them and level of of of of of of of uh like you know I mean uh well um so of of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are like okay um um I mean well I mean I mean are are are are are are are are going to be super simple to implement. You know like so I mean uh so um well. They're just going to be a couple of of of of of of uh I mean you know so so okay okay well of of of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought I mean so so uh like you know uh okay some might even require a a a a a a a a a uh uh well well uh well um uh little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.