Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about about well so uh um so I mean you know well about about about about about about about OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting um so like uh like like I mean uh skills, huh? I'm always amazed with with with with with with with with with your um well uh you know um well well so hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning tuning tuning tuning you know uh well um you know so I mean um tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning you out. I've already listened to you like I mean uh I mean okay uh like okay enough the last two days, but welcome. We have have have have have uh like well so like so so uh have have have have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really so so so you know uh uh well okay because we just watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch you know well well well okay okay uh like the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got okay you know so you know like um I mean so hero pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of well like okay I mean well so uh um you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening listening listening listening listening um um well like uh um uh I mean listening listening listening listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's like I mean like well uh uh so like not that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad right on okay um I mean like well uh you know okay this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I I I like like so like so okay uh uh I I I I I I saw you live say I did not that bad. But I mean well so um um um so I mean what I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing is I'm trying to like you know well like I mean you know like okay dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um like uh well you know well I mean like I'm I'm I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about okay uh okay so well like so you know you. You were were were were were were were were were the worst I couldn't think so uh uh well well um uh so of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.