You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before you know well uh um you know well so like structured walks. Walks walks walks walks walks walks walks walks. It has helped. My dog's okay so uh uh I mean okay like I mean anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work in in in in uh well I mean you know okay um well so in in in in in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how um you know okay okay like so well I mean to do nothing for for for for for for for for for long periods so so well you know you know uh okay okay of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge huge huge huge um you know like you know um like like you know huge huge huge huge huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise I mean I mean uh you know like I mean like so on the show, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um uh like well I mean um you know I mean it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper like I mean uh uh you know I mean I mean you know diet. Diet diet diet diet diet diet diet diet. We feed raw you don't so okay you know I mean um okay okay like have to feed raw, but there's not too many many many many many many many many so so okay so I mean well you know well many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how so well uh like like um um uh to to to to to to to to to start your dog on you know um uh uh well uh uh okay Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like like like okay you know I mean so you know well um so like like like like like like 1999 and you can download it and and then like well well um um you know like I mean we're big on engagement games or or or or or or or or or um um like so well I mean so so big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog dog you know uh okay um so you know uh I mean dog dog dog dog dog dog dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of okay um well so I mean um well well the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.