You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast I mean like um okay like um I mean so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are um like I mean I mean you know well well well certain tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to like you know well like like so okay well record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute like uh okay okay like I mean um okay your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can like you know like uh I mean so I mean you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more um like like okay okay I mean well uh more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know okay I mean uh I mean uh you know like everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a I mean so uh you know you know so okay like podcast in one place. I want to ask you you you you you you you you so okay like uh like so uh you know you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody you know you know uh I mean uh you know I mean um has a dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream life. We all have okay I mean um I mean I mean like okay like that picture in our mind not that life. You want want want want want want you know uh well okay I mean uh well well want want want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the well so uh so um well so like life? Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most people would say no. You know I mean okay so like well uh uh. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems seems seems seems so uh well um well uh I mean like seems seems seems seems seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. Like I mean like I mean uh I mean like uh. I don't have those kind of opportunities. Opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities. Okay you know I mean well uh you know uh uh. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.