I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the uh so I mean you know like I mean like um the the the the the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's uh so so so well um you know you know when I heard it all a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance uh you know well okay well well um well chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. Like well uh uh you know so um well. The top top top top top top top top top graphic cards got a power okay well well um um like okay so supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in in in in I mean like you know so I mean you know you know so in in in in in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped so I mean you know okay okay so I mean you know it off too fast. Like a Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers Chargers I mean um um well so um um you know game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a so um I mean um so well like um a a a a a a a a BP engineer. My friends and family so uh uh I mean well you know okay I mean smile is working on make fun of me, but but but but but but but you know uh I mean you know like so okay I mean but but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going so uh you know okay okay I mean you know well billionaire spending money. Money money money money money money money money. Like I don't care mining okay um uh okay okay like uh so corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting selecting selecting selecting you know okay so okay you know like so well selecting selecting selecting selecting selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out like you know you know well you know so well um my favorite - like a Penn State State State State State State State so um uh I mean well um you know uh State State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read okay like okay like okay like um uh up up up up up up up up up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.