Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I uh you know well like um you know like like you know I I I I I I I I I have some piping hot so I mean um you know uh you know I mean okay you know tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting um like you know like okay you know well well I mean starting starting starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this I mean um you know uh I mean so well um okay really cool app called anchor FM best best best best best best best best uh well um well like um I mean you know um best best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a okay well so you know you know well uh I mean like creation tool that that that that that that that that that that allows you to like uh you know uh I mean okay well so so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Computer computer computer you know I mean okay okay I mean you know uh so uh computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it I mean um I mean so well um so I mean well can be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast okay okay you know well um well like um uh and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no you know I mean so so so um uh you know like no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in um like uh you know so you know well I mean okay a podcast in one place. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure okay uh I mean I mean um I mean uh okay like sure sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in like um like okay like I mean well like I mean hat. Get ready, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well okay so so um okay okay um well tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the the okay well you know you know uh okay I mean I mean I mean the the the the the the the the hottest trending topics on social media uh um well well um uh well like I mean to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.