Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's so so well so okay like you know you know uh the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make I mean so um uh uh um um uh well a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. Free free free free free so so I mean well um you know I mean uh uh free free free free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go I mean well like um um so you know uh so on there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow like uh well um so well okay um okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or I mean so I mean well uh well well I mean uh or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for like like okay okay you know I mean like like uh you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so well well well you know like so uh podcast podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've you know um I mean um okay so uh um so never heard of of of of of of of of of of thanks. Anchor um I mean so so I mean well you know like uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's so well I mean I mean uh like well um so It's It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. You know uh so um so okay you know I mean well. I get asked a a a a a a a a a a lot can um okay like um you know so you know you know um I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast I mean uh well uh well so so uh well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with anchor download the free um so I mean okay like um so um well anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to okay I mean uh okay I mean I mean um okay like to to to to to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.