Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come you know well um I mean you know well you know you know well come come come come come come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the okay well like well well uh like you know well executive creative director at cnx leading a team team team team team team team um like you know uh you know I mean you know well um team team team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all I mean so so well so you know like okay well over the world starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting you know um so I mean okay so you know you know like at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New New New well you know so you know uh so uh you know you know New New New New New New New York and then joining Conde nast. You know like well well I mean so okay uh uh. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music music music music music I mean so so like okay well you know um okay music music music music music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be well so so uh okay you know like well so our co-host from time to to to to to to to to to okay well you know so uh okay uh uh you know to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked you know um I mean you know uh well so well I mean about about about about about about about about about about how they became interested in um you know you know you know I mean like um okay okay advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who who who uh you know you know I mean well okay um you know I mean who who who who who who who came into the scene and we all know who he I mean um okay well like uh okay um I mean is, which is Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Jordan so um you know okay so okay well okay uh and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.