Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based um I mean like well so so like I mean well evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA I mean I mean so I mean so I mean I mean uh I mean 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers uh I mean like um so um you know like you know teachers teachers teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher so um you know like so so so well um development trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts and now uh uh I mean so um well so okay like proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Back Back so like uh um okay well okay okay well Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher um uh you know uh I mean you know like uh you know development trusts section or the the the the the the the the the like like okay like so you know I mean well I mean the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and you know so you know you know like so I mean you know you know books. Books books books books books books books books books. They will return next week. I mean I mean you know I mean I mean well like well I mean. So it's just stripped back to feature me me me me me me uh so um I mean like so I mean you know well me me me me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for uh uh you know you know um you know so like well this strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict strict back podcast is that you know um okay uh uh like um well you know I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have have have have okay so um uh well so well well um have have have have have have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So uh well well uh like you know uh well okay as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.