You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for for so you know so like uh you know I mean uh like for for for for for for for for rights reasons the music in this podcast I mean uh like okay you know okay like so you know is shorter than the original version on demand. So So So So So So so uh okay okay so I mean like uh okay So So So So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show you know um so I mean um you know like well okay tonight and a Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan and loose and uh uh okay well uh like I mean well um Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, course, course, course, so you know so um I mean you know like well like course, course, course, course, course, course, we've got a lot of things to talk about like okay I mean like like um well uh um We're not gonna get get get get get get get get get get into okay like like like okay uh I mean uh like it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and um you know you know uh like okay like uh okay and and and and and and and and and ye introduce yourself to uh well like so you know um well like um listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously um I mean like you know I mean you know you know so okay obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm I mean you know I mean so well I mean well like so Hannah Colgan a second second second second second second second second second you know well like so okay you know you know well you know second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. You know so okay uh so okay like uh so. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's great. That's perfect. That's what you well you know um um so like okay so so wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm lucy. Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy like so like I mean so so you know um okay Lucy Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.