Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought thought thought thought uh um so okay you know I mean well you know okay thought thought thought thought thought thought about starting your own podcast? You know like uh well okay uh so like I mean like you have if you haven't heard about about about about about about about so like you know okay um you know okay uh well about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first you know well I mean uh I mean uh uh you know so and and and and and and and and and and foremost, it's free. That so you know you know like I mean so okay uh so means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation creation creation creation creation creation creation okay okay well okay I mean you know like um uh creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know uh um so uh you know so well uh phone or or or or or or or or or or computer. It's well um so okay okay uh like um so just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be okay okay uh okay so um you know you know well be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast I mean you know you know I mean like well uh um uh and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is is is is is is um you know um okay like uh um okay like is is is is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you well like well I mean so I mean so I mean so can make money from your your your your your your your your your your well uh well uh you know um so well so podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need well uh uh um well okay well like like to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast you know so you know um you know so I mean you know I mean in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app app app app uh well uh uh I mean like uh okay so app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.