All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't uh okay you know I mean um you know uh I mean I mean don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how you're listening to um uh well uh um I mean okay well um this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by by by by by I mean well uh well like so well like so by by by by by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean like I mean you know I mean uh so um uh the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a I mean well you know like like well um well you know podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people so you know well so so um like uh you know people people people people people people people people people have reached out to me and well um uh um well well okay okay like asked for advice on how to get their podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean you know you know so okay okay uh um like podcast podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to um okay I mean you know uh um okay so um do do do do do do do do do do it. It's free. There's creation tools well you know um so okay so you know so okay that allow you to record and edit the podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, uh okay I mean you know so I mean okay okay you know podcast, podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Uh you know well uh well um like well you know. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you to those of you okay you know uh like okay okay you know I mean so that have been doing that by the way, keep keep keep keep keep keep I mean I mean you know like okay I mean well like like keep keep keep keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute I mean you know like like like well okay like you know the podcast for you and can can can can can can can can can can like you know so well uh I mean I mean okay um be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels channels channels like okay you know like you know uh like okay okay channels channels channels channels channels channels channels that are podcast is on some of them. I okay okay well uh I mean uh well okay like never even heard of so it it it it it it it it okay so um okay I mean like okay you know uh it it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.