And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests okay um uh well so like like okay like Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Bales and Connor well um I mean so like uh you know so I mean Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are are are are well well um well okay uh like okay well are are are are are are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with well so so well I mean um uh um I mean you along grades? I thanks for for for for for for for for for for like uh I mean well okay um uh um okay having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the the the I mean well uh you know well I mean so I mean okay the the the the the the the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So so I mean um so like okay so uh um it's really cool. Nice little little little little little little little little little little full-circle I mean um okay you know well uh I mean uh okay moment for the three of us to finally be able to do do do like I mean like okay so so okay I mean like do do do do do do do this and on such a such well um like so you know like you know uh uh a high note. Note. So for those those those those those those those those those so um you know so I mean well um well I mean those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and I mean um um so well uh you know you know so and and and and and and and and and they'll both be playing in Nationals uh like um okay okay you know so okay okay this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports well well so okay so okay well like you know Sports Sports Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit like like I mean I mean uh um so I mean uh about growing up up up up up up up up up up and playing for I mean uh like okay uh well you know you know you know the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I I I I I like well I mean like you know so um so well I I I I I said it back on my first podcast like me and like so okay so like um I mean uh so Jackson kind of started started started started started started started started started started this thing like well like well like um um um you know together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.