Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well so like like okay so well um I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to okay you know okay well uh okay you know um um make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation um um well you know well um uh so so creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like like um okay okay um okay um well podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer uh like uh you know like like so um I mean computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple well so I mean I mean uh so I mean you know you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and whatever else they distribute like okay okay so I mean so I mean well well to you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no uh uh well well so like you know I mean um no no no no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast like um like well um okay uh so um in one place. Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the free anchor app you know uh um uh uh like uh uh like or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Started started started started started well you know um uh well I mean like uh like started started started started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank like you know I mean um you know like uh I mean I mean you for tuning in. This is is is is is is is is is uh okay so you know okay okay um you know I mean is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind so I mean okay okay okay um like uh you know of of of of of of of of of of just kept us on so so I mean okay you know um well uh um one basis and we kind of do a little bit bit bit bit bit okay uh so okay well um okay I mean um bit bit bit bit bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.