New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the um I mean well so uh you know uh well well the the the the the the the the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school okay okay I mean you know um well well okay so leadership podcast brought to you by by by by by by by by by by neht well uh I mean like like uh I mean okay I mean and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked asked I mean so um I mean well uh so well okay asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked whether technology can support learning or if it's um uh I mean like I mean um like well well simply an enormous distraction. We consider what what what what what what what what what uh uh so I mean well okay I mean okay okay what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this this so uh uh okay like uh okay uh well this this this this this this this this Gus whether or not mobile devices I mean uh I mean I mean uh um like you know uh should be banned from schools entirely engaging content content content content content content content well so well uh you know uh I mean so so content content content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest uh uh okay you know you know so so okay I mean this month is Daisy christodoulou. Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou christodoulou. I mean okay well uh uh I mean I mean um okay. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher so I mean um okay you know so so um I mean and and and and and and and and and and the author of a number of uh like I mean you know so um you know okay okay education-based books days. He's also currently the director director director director director director director director uh well well so um well like okay you know director director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.