Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on on on on on okay you know well um I mean okay okay you know well on on on on on Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day so I mean like well well well okay so you know and someone suggested a a a a a a a a a a Stevie Wonder okay um like well you know okay I mean I mean well song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? it it uh um I mean um I mean so like like okay it it it it it it it And all it did for me was remind um uh um you know so I mean you know um uh me of the greatest TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV Wonder I mean I mean uh uh like well I mean okay you know song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of of of like I mean okay um okay like so okay uh of of of of of of of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you know like I mean you know okay so like I mean well you come up with a song lyric lyric lyric lyric lyric lyric lyric lyric uh okay so like like like okay you know so lyric lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in uh uh uh um well um so um well need need need need need need need need need need of Love Today and He's my so I mean you know I mean um so okay well uh favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love love love love love love love love love love so okay I mean well okay um so so you know sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need uh uh well okay okay uh you know well you know Need Need Need Need Need Need Need Need Need of Love today? um um you know like so like um I mean uh We need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved loved loved uh okay uh so well I mean so I mean uh loved loved loved loved loved loved loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted uh I mean like you know you know I mean um like so to get you to consider that you you you you you you you you you you okay like uh um okay okay you know uh okay can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are I mean um um so you know um okay like so are are are are are are are are are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.