Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to okay you know uh so so uh I mean I mean okay to to to to to to to to to give you guys a quick heads-up so I mean um um I mean um um well I mean about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of you know you know you know uh okay uh like okay uh of of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for I mean well well okay okay so uh um okay free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account necessary well well I mean you know well okay like um you know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're okay I mean uh like I mean you know uh well okay you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to right now you know like so well uh uh I mean like um and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss well okay well well uh um you know well um miss miss miss miss miss an episode you can share what you're listening okay you know so um um I mean okay so you know to with friends on instagram. Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram so so you know uh you know okay like I mean like Instagram Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to like uh um you know so uh uh um well listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline no so well like okay okay um well I mean I mean matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to uh uh well like like uh so you know you know download download download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for optimal uh like like uh well so okay okay okay relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your your your your your your so you know like like I mean you know okay okay so your your your your library Tab and give us a follow. So so okay um you know um I mean okay um okay you never miss an episode speaking of which which which which which which you know like okay so um uh um well uh which which which which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is um like uh like well so you know so I mean optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily episode 646 um so like I mean like so I mean okay so guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.