So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of well so I mean uh like I mean like uh uh Macbeth. First of of of of of of of of of of all going to um well um so um so I mean um uh look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of of uh um uh okay you know okay so um like of of of of of of of of act three scene one begins just um I mean I mean um um uh um I mean well after Macbeth has been crowned King King King King King King King King King King uh um so uh well well um so um Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get um like I mean uh so okay so like so get get get get get get get get get the crown. He says I fear I mean you know uh like like uh uh well well that place the most foully for it. I quote quote quote quote quote quote quote well so you know like well like uh well well quote quote quote still hopes that this means his children will be like so so okay um well well okay so Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll well I mean I mean like um um okay uh I mean his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best well um so uh well like you know uh um friend. Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of course that's like um okay uh so okay okay like you know out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city city so like so so you know uh well uh so city city city city city city city city liquid. He says that having the crown is well well like like uh okay you know well well not enough. He must feel secure as as as as as as as as so so uh I mean I mean um I mean well I mean as as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that okay um um so so I mean um I mean so the wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise Banquo is a okay I mean so so I mean um so well you know threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose whose whose whose whose whose well okay you know okay you know uh okay like uh whose whose whose whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches um like I mean well uh so I mean you know okay also prophesize the backwards Sons would be be be be be be be be be be well I mean um like okay I mean um you know like Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.