A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and you know um okay so you know you know like well you know romy. Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole like um like I mean well you know well so uh big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and romi. Romi Romi Romi Romi you know so like um okay I mean well like so Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you know like um like um so um you know okay you just stumble in in in in in in in in in in on this well you know okay well well um well like well moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a a a a you know um um so I mean um uh I mean um a a a a a a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was um um uh I mean um like like you know I mean feeding me like, you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean well I mean uh uh like um you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount uh well you know uh okay so you know well you know Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus and it's just well like well so okay well uh so um the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the the the the the the like like uh okay um I mean I mean you know um the the the the day there are watching us like dance around with a okay I mean like um uh well okay um so microphone and then we just fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade well like you know uh well like you know so uh into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us well so so you know well okay uh uh uh in their their their their their their their their their their dreams now. Like okay um okay I mean okay I mean um so. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have have have like okay okay okay like I mean um uh I mean have have have have have have have a lot of scenes that open like so like so I mean you know so so um like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just just just just just just okay okay like I mean uh okay so um I mean just just just just like a myth girls like walking kind of in you know um well like uh okay well um okay we're talking about those are are are are are are are are are are some like uh well um like I mean so you know okay of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo Gonzo okay okay like um I mean um okay I mean so Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.