The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that uh uh I mean you know you know like like so um that that that that that that that that that were friends and they wanted uh uh uh well well like um you know I mean to start a podcast and they were asking me me me me me uh uh so you know um I mean like okay well me me me me me how we do it how we get it okay like uh uh like you know like uh uh out there how we record it. And you you you you you you you okay well you know you know like well well I mean so you you you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor like you know uh like uh you know like okay um which if we would have had had had had had had had had had had when um well I mean okay you know like I mean so uh we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much um I mean uh so uh okay uh I mean well much much much much much much much much much easier. It is now okay you know okay so so uh okay well like gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is is is is is is is is like okay okay so I mean um okay like well is is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you I mean I mean well um I mean well I mean like so everything you need. Need need need need need need need need need. In one place you know well so uh like well well you know uh so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording recording recording okay um like uh um you know I mean um um recording recording recording recording recording recording recording equipment or anything and you can literally I mean okay you know uh okay you know well like you know make a podcast and edit it on your your your your your your so um um I mean okay I mean well okay so your your your your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So okay well you know so okay I mean so like you know it gives you all the creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation so uh uh uh well you know um you know you know creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, um um well I mean uh okay well you know okay if we we we we we we we we we we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.