Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with well you know you know so uh well well you know so taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to this okay like um well well you know so I mean well week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can can I mean I mean you know well um I mean okay you know like can can can can can can can can smell it the weekends here like uh like um so okay I mean I mean you know and that's when you let the freaks out the the the the the the you know okay uh like I mean like like like well the the the the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's you know uh so so you know uh you know you know uh episode. I just want want want want want want want want want want um so so like I mean well well um so to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in in in in um so you know uh like um uh uh well in in in in in in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the okay um so I mean you know you know like okay you know next day of March the 7th. I will be be be be be be be um um uh you know okay like uh uh I mean be be be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on okay well uh um you know you know okay well uh the E - - - - - - - - - - a store. I've I mean like you know okay you know well uh okay well always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play play play play play play so I mean so I mean okay I mean so okay okay play play play play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk I mean um I mean I mean you know so uh well okay about fucking up up up up up up up up up up and okay so like uh like uh um well so why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Episode uh like like so I mean um okay like so episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Are the podcast and the intro song you know um I mean well um I mean you know um I mean this week is actually a song that a a a a a a a a well okay okay okay you know okay well I mean well a a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.