It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office okay okay uh um I mean uh I mean like uh office office office office office office office is right now and every time he like um so well uh like uh well I mean needs to make a change change change change change change change change change change she um uh um like um well okay you know uh has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, um I mean well well um so I mean I mean um don't listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen that's part of well you know I mean um okay um so well so the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of of of of of well okay okay okay well okay like well you know of of of of of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I like you know I mean um I mean you know well uh I mean mean, that's how y'all record to write. You You You You You You You You You like I mean okay like so like okay I mean um You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. You know um uh well so you know uh so okay. Of it and and and and and and and and and and you have like okay you know you know like like uh um um to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My My My I mean so um you know you know like like so well My My My My My My My audio interface is in a big sloppy I mean like uh I mean well I mean uh I mean like pizza and I do need to dig around around around around around around around around I mean uh I mean you know well uh well uh I mean around around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if uh uh okay okay you know well okay so I mean I I I I I I I I I I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does well I mean um um like um I mean I mean okay shoot a Koosh ball at me me me me me me me me me me and like uh uh um you know okay like okay like I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those well I mean you know uh like so um so uh Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those have a lot of ballistic um I mean well okay well so uh okay so force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.