Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I mean well like like uh uh you know um you know. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm one of your hosts well I mean okay okay okay so like like well Egan for our with one of my co-host jordan. Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan well I mean so so um I mean um um you know Jordan Jordan Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's okay I mean well well I mean like uh so um it going guys? This This This This This This This This This This um you know okay okay well I mean okay you know you know is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. So um like you know I mean like I mean you know well. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why didn't I get like okay so you know so I mean like um like my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his his his his his uh I mean you know you know well like um you know uh his his his his his I knew as soon as I said it someone uh I mean so okay well uh you know okay you know would bring it up but but but but but but but but but but uh okay I mean I mean so well you know uh like his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Co-host so well um well I mean um um you know I mean co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. Like um um okay okay um I mean like uh. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This This This This This This well uh you know you know you know you know um uh well This This This This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were I mean okay okay I mean like you know you know like you know basically we we we we we we we we we we talked about a I mean you know um well so I mean well uh um bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to to to to to I mean uh you know okay uh you know uh uh so to to to to to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's like you know like uh like um uh I mean I mean start with that. So to begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin you know like okay okay I mean okay um so I mean begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between okay I mean you know uh well okay okay like well between between between between between between between between between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.