What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors I mean okay I mean okay uh um uh you know like collectors collectors collectors collectors collectors collectors collectors collectors collectors good score last night. You know well so uh uh uh well like so. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets okay so I mean like okay okay you know uh um Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win I mean you know you know uh so well you know uh you know so we can get a a a a a a a a a a higher well well um so um okay like um I mean spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but but okay well like okay okay I mean so um well but but but but but but but but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods um okay you know okay like um like so well have turned their back on us besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides the uh I mean okay um okay uh I mean like I mean point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update update uh you know um I mean like so well so okay update update update update update update update update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I okay you know like you know okay like um I mean okay had two of them. I sold one of of of of of of of of so uh you know so like so like so um of of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars I mean I mean uh okay um like well um okay and shipping. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Now um I mean like you know you know so you know well you know I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took took uh like I mean so I mean okay I mean uh uh took took took took took took took took it off because I was afraid you know you know I mean you know well I mean I mean I mean you know that of exactly this and something that you you you you you you uh um okay I mean like you know um uh okay you you you you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.