Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us I mean well so so um like okay so like off off off off off off off off off off with our new podcast. We you know I mean you know I mean like so I mean like uh will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on on on on on on well you know well um you know well okay I mean uh on on on on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe uh uh so you know you know like okay well well we should talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about mu I mean uh you know I mean okay um so like I mean n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know know know know okay I mean okay I mean I mean well like I mean you know know know know know know know you were I thought you want to tell us so uh okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean a bit about us. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh uh I mean um um well you know well you know yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for for uh well well so like like okay well so for for for for for for for for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and so well like well um you know like um I mean Saturday the 29th, and it was was was was was was was was okay um so you know okay okay like like you know was was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar well um like I mean well so uh well um died died died died died died died died died died standing delegates and they like like okay like okay so you know well so also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. Assembly assembly assembly assembly um okay um well um like so okay uh assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly. So I was very great at such a well okay like I mean okay I mean well okay so prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It it it it it it well well okay okay um um okay okay so it it it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.