Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is is well um okay okay I mean uh so uh like is is is is is is is is Charles Murphy hanging out as always so you know well so like I mean I mean so uh with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a a a a like uh you know um uh well so so like a a a a a a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including well like like uh I mean like okay like um a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian like well so like you know I mean okay well like Mandalorian Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see um okay like so you know I mean well okay um see see see see see see see see see what's going on over in I mean okay you know so so I mean you know okay like the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still still still still still still still um well I mean well I mean you know like okay okay still still still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. You know like you know you know okay uh you know well I mean. So let's fucking do this. This this this this this this this this so so so so okay I mean okay I mean uh this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an an an I mean okay well um you know I mean you know like okay an an an an an an an interesting one and something I've been working on for you know you know I mean so well um well uh well a while. Obviously you you you you you you you you you you um like um uh okay like well so well guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season so you know okay well like I mean uh like so season season season season season season season season season Mandalorian. We both liked it a you know you know okay I mean okay I mean so um like lot but we aren't usually in the business business business business business business business business okay okay so like I mean okay like okay um business business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.