Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one I mean I mean well okay so you know I mean uh well word. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is the easiest way for I mean so okay um uh you know okay like okay you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain explain explain explain explain explain uh so um I mean so like um um okay explain explain explain explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you uh um I mean you know so I mean I mean okay you know that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and okay um uh so well you know well you know um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you you uh like okay I mean you know I mean uh I mean so you you you you you you you you finish recording you let anchor take care you know so uh I mean well you know um uh um of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, well you know okay uh well uh okay like like including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor like I mean well um uh um okay um so easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use but it's uh well I mean you know you know you know okay so I mean profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make make make make make make make well um so um like okay like well I mean make make make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum I mean um I mean um uh uh like I mean like listenership. I know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're probably thinking to well um uh so like um I mean okay I mean yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost cost cost cost you know uh um so uh so well um well cost cost cost cost cost cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this like you know like so um okay uh so well zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.