Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new new okay I mean well you know you know I mean okay I mean you know new new new new new new new new podcast hosting service and they make I mean I mean you know you know I mean like so you know uh things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes comes comes comes comes I mean like well um like okay like I mean uh comes comes comes comes comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms okay I mean so so well I mean so um okay Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Okay well well like so well okay um I mean. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top top top well well I mean um well um I mean well you know top top top top top top top of that. They have editing tools baked right into uh you know like you know like um so so okay the website makes life so much much much much much much much much much much uh like I mean okay um I mean okay like like simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to to uh like so you know I mean I mean well I mean okay to to to to to to to to know how to record it where uh you know you know like I mean so so uh you know to record it how to upload it pay for the the the the the the okay like uh so uh so uh okay you know the the the the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and like okay uh um you know so I mean so you know they will hook you up with advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers so you know well so uh like so like okay advertisers advertisers advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go so okay okay uh you know well so so well to Anchor dot. Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- so well I mean so okay I mean so okay well to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Studios you know you know okay you know um well like well uh Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Network support this and other shows like well um like um okay well you know you know at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could could could could could could could could uh uh you know um well uh okay like uh could could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you like you know so uh well so well well like want to hear the the the the the the the the the the inner okay well well well like so okay I mean like workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.