What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number you know well you know well so I mean like uh like number number number number number number number number number 29 and this episode we're going to okay like you know so well uh you know well okay do a little Olympic trials debrief. And And And And And And And And And um okay okay I mean like you know well uh you know And then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So well you know well uh like uh uh uh uh I I I I I I I I I I hope you guys are like uh okay okay um you know so uh like doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just just just just just so well okay well um well like you know uh just just just just just moments before coming into my garage to record this for so like okay you know um so okay well so y'all. I was was was was was was was was was was out in the you know uh um I mean okay I mean uh um so sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good good good good uh well okay um um so well I mean okay good good good good good good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what like you know um well okay well well like uh I'm going to talk about about about about about about about about about about well uh well um like so uh well um today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how how how I mean like okay um I mean so uh I mean okay how how how how how how how son feels the best right after the winter um I mean uh um you know so uh you know um time. Right? Like right when you've endured endured endured endured endured endured endured endured okay okay I mean like you know okay um okay well endured endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're okay okay okay you know uh so so uh well out doing those those those those those those those those those those runs. They're uh um um like I mean like I mean well well just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.