Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in you know okay um well you know um um well so this this this this this this this this this this week's episode. We are going to okay um um so so you know I mean so I mean be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. Up up up well okay okay well well well like well okay up up up up up up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be like so like well I mean uh I mean like so we have week one week week week week week week week week week um um you know I mean so um uh um well week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So So uh you know uh so like so well you know so So So So So So So So So March, however, I guess this is probably your okay I mean uh well like um okay I mean uh weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I I I I I I I I so uh um uh well okay you know well well I I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so like uh well uh so you know so like I mean next week. I I I I I I I I I I just you know I mean like well okay I mean well so I mean have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam exam exam um um uh okay like I mean you know um well exam exam exam exam exam exam exam for a class that I'm not in well um okay you know so so I mean you know I mean but it's just like we're really home free free free free free free free free free uh well okay I mean you know so you know okay like free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because um uh so uh um well well like like we we we we we we we we we we had like straight Monday so so uh like you know so like I mean I mean Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say say say say say say um um I mean I mean um so uh uh well say say say say it was like the most stressful thing in the um so um I mean um well um well you know world because like it's really not not not not not not not not not I mean um uh uh well I mean like okay well not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today so okay um you know I mean um um okay so and I'm out of of of of of of of of of of the so well well I mean um okay you know um okay way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my I mean um like okay I mean so uh uh so my my my my my my my my my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.