Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're um like I mean like well so um um okay here. Here here here here here here here here here. I hope you guys so well okay so like like um um I mean are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is is is um I mean okay you know um um okay uh I mean is is is is is is is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we you know okay okay um uh I mean okay so I mean have been absolutely dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying to release you know well I mean like uh uh I mean uh well this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are so you know I mean uh like I mean um okay you know are are are are are are are are are some nuggets up in here. Like uh like well I mean um well uh okay. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. It it it it it it it well um like um um okay uh uh like it it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going well I mean well um so um uh okay uh back and and and and and and and and and and listening to part um like okay I mean well you know okay I mean um 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information uh um okay I mean like um I mean so you know information information information information information information information information information in part to her story I mean like like so okay uh okay you know I mean all her tips the way that she parents it's it's it's it's it's it's it's okay okay well well well so well like uh it's it's it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when so well well so okay like uh um well you you you you you you you you you you know where she came from so like um uh so I mean so so uh part 1 is all about her life as a a a a a a a a so uh you know okay uh so uh uh uh a a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her like well I mean like so um uh well okay as a young woman and and and and and and and and and so well um you know uh well like well like and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.