Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the um um um you know like you know like um uh the the the the the the the the boys podcast before we get this so so so uh well um well you know I mean episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk you know well well like um like um so well talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have you know well so I mean well well like like uh a script script script script script script script script script script I will admit. Like um okay I mean okay you know I mean so um. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make make make make okay well I mean um um you know so like I mean make make make make make make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's well uh well well um I mean well I mean uh creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record uh so you know like so like you know I mean I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor I mean you know I mean I mean I mean okay um you know well Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it okay um well you know you know like like I mean okay can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple like well well well uh well um okay like music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your you know um um uh like um I mean like so podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum you know well well I mean well you know well so like listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's I mean I mean um um uh uh well okay well let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, I mean um okay so okay um um well well welcome back to the podcast is the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys I mean um I mean um um I mean so so like boys boys boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of um um so okay uh well like like well course me. We're all the the the the the the the the the the hosts. Obviously. Like I mean well so uh like I mean I mean um. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.