How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is uh like well so so well I mean like so is is is is is is is is is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to uh I mean I mean you know like uh um um like hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so so so so so so like I mean I mean like so you know so um so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument uh uh you know okay uh um well you know so of service to all of you. You you you you you you you you you know well like well you know so well I mean um you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and uh you know uh okay well well like well well today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's subject is growth or comfort. Well well uh okay I mean so you know well okay. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't can't can't can't can't like okay like you know you know like so uh I mean can't can't can't can't can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't I mean well I mean you know I mean uh I mean uh um wait to to to to to to to to to to get started. This um so um okay you know okay so you know well is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 48 48 uh well I mean you know uh I mean so like so 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old okay um like so um like so you know well real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the the the the the the the okay like like you know well so like like well the the the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of uh so um well so like okay so so other businesses along along along along along along along along along along with Carlson like I mean uh you know I mean um well I mean I mean sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to to to to well so well you know well well uh well you know to to to to to to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.