What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge uh so so um um like I mean okay I mean Ford in in in in in in in in in in London, Ontario Oak okay well uh like well I mean so uh well Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 5th uh well like okay well okay well you know well 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. Um you know uh so well well uh well um. It's a little pregame combo for for for for for for for for for I mean so like uh so um well so uh for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss uh you know um um well okay well um like in San San San San San San San San San San Jose. But hey, so um I mean well like like like like so that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat Beat um like you know well you know so okay I mean okay Beat Beat Beat Beat Beat Beat Beat Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, you know okay okay well well you know well uh you know it does but you have to sort of of of of of of of I mean okay like well I mean you know like um you know of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. So uh uh so um well you know okay well. Road that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're key games against um well um you know um like like like like teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few few few you know so like well um I mean you know well well few few few few few few few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them so I mean uh well like so you know well you know in the Atlantic division and Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver you know okay like you know well you know I mean well well who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They They um um uh uh well I mean so um I mean They They They They They They They They come up against the team and they you know um well I mean you know uh so uh you know play three teams on this west coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast like um okay uh I mean uh okay I mean um coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out you know you know well you know like well uh um um the the the the the the the the the the string and they okay so so well um so you know um like got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.