You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights so um so I mean well um um um um for the the the the the the the the the the come. Follow me I mean um so I mean I mean like um well okay lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know uh well uh so like so you know well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with uh I mean I mean like like like well like okay me this week. This episode is sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored well you know um well well uh so okay so sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If I mean I mean okay um uh like you know like uh you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anger, it's I mean so uh like like okay well so um a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free free free free free free like I mean so okay you know you know okay um okay free free free free to use and they have a creation tool that allows okay I mean okay well okay uh well okay um you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit uh uh you know uh uh um like I mean uh your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast um well um well uh uh um um uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard I mean um um like um okay well you know I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um uh well um um um like so so podcast podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in so you know um so so so uh you know um one place. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't free anchor like you know okay you know well so uh I mean you know app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson lesson like well so you know I mean so so like like lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.