Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare so um you know I mean okay well uh you know okay snare snare snare snare snare snare snare snare snare drum podcast. Today's episode is uh so um I mean like um you know okay I mean part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where where where where where where where uh so like well uh uh so like I mean where where where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session well like well uh so uh well um so for an artist Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan is I mean I mean okay you know well okay so okay I mean a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first so well you know well you know well okay I mean you know aid aid aid aid aid aid aid aid aid aid kit rain wolf and many like um uh you know uh I mean okay uh like more. He recently released his video series that Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey okay so I mean okay you know you know so okay okay Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track I mean well well I mean um I mean um you know I mean land in Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange County in part. One like like so so so like like well like Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a a a um I mean uh well so well okay well you know a a a a a a a drum kit. He does this all you know okay okay um well well well so you know in real time, which is rare. So you you you you you you so well like uh okay I mean you know so well you you you you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing uh okay like uh you know you know like like um part two Dives little deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper into so uh um um okay you know like uh you know how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check check so well uh um okay uh okay um so check check check check check check check check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled okay okay you know I mean you know I mean you know so like be a IL e why.com and and and and and and and and and and I mean you know like uh I mean like well like okay check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.