We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your I mean so um I mean well you know like well you know your your your your your your your your your own podcast, let me tell you well well okay uh like okay okay um you know something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so you know I mean like okay well I mean okay well is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation okay uh like okay okay so well uh um creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and like okay so okay uh you know I mean uh um edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone okay um um like well so I mean well like phone phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be uh uh okay I mean like okay okay well like heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and um you know well uh I mean um um you know uh many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum um so like uh um you know like I mean you know minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in uh uh like okay like I mean I mean you know so one place. So download download download download download download download download download download the so you know uh well okay well like okay um free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond like you know I mean like uh I mean so like so where you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques okay you know well you know I mean um I mean you know um on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what what what okay like so so you know you know you know like I mean what what what what what what what scans to watch out for and well uh okay so so you know um okay well much more here's your host and one of the the the the the the so okay like I mean um so uh so well the the the the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.