If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh um well like uh well uh I mean so podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of all, uh I mean like like um um so um uh it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools tools tools tools tools tools I mean well you know you know so you know well like like tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so so so um well well I mean uh you know right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer okay well uh uh well I mean okay I mean so anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on I mean okay so well uh um um well like on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many uh um um like uh like okay well I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no like like you know uh you know okay I mean like I mean no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh I mean like like okay well well um so make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place you know uh okay I mean okay well um like well place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get like uh uh well like okay um I mean uh started started started started started started started started started started today. Welcome to the flip the uh I mean uh well uh um uh you know uh script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and and and and and and um so uh uh um uh like well so and and and and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store uh you know so like like you know I mean you know um in closet name is elle. Elle Elle Elle Elle Elle Elle Elle Elle elle. I mean okay okay I mean okay you know I mean like um. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as uh uh well like well um so um um El El El El El El El El El El dijo Thrift. I'm really well like like uh okay well uh uh um excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to to to to I mean uh uh I mean okay so well you know I mean to to to to to to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.