Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, so uh I mean like so you know so so I mean again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and we are chatting about finishing okay uh well I mean like like uh I mean um a painting last week. We talked about getting started started started started started started started started you know um so you know I mean like well well uh started started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and so okay okay like like uh well okay like now I'm sharing all all all all all all all all all all the I mean like well I mean like I mean you know like um tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice practice okay I mean so so I mean you know you know um uh practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice when I get to the finishing stage well okay you know so okay well uh um you know speaking of starting and finishing this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay uh um okay uh like so okay um podcast podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will okay well so like uh I mean okay you know I mean will will will will will will will will will see Me paint a so like you know like you know I mean you know I mean like large abstract painting from start to finish. So if if if if if if if okay like okay uh well um so um you know if if if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura okay okay I mean okay I mean so so um I mean horn art.com artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom. Forward slash classes um I mean uh um you know so um um well click on layer by layer and don't forget to to to to to to to um like uh you know okay I mean okay so so to to to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be I mean well okay well okay um uh uh um and you you you you you you you you you you will save 20% on that like uh uh you know well so you know well so class up to the 19th of March March March March March March March March March well um you know you know you know okay well um uh March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.