What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and you know like uh okay so okay okay well like this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is recapping reviewing the well um like I mean okay um um okay well season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode episode episode episode uh uh um okay so uh uh I mean you know episode episode episode episode episode episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend so okay well so uh uh so I mean so and don't forget guys stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around for like like you know okay you know so so you know um the any because we are going to go through our recap recap recap recap recap um you know like I mean I mean um like uh you know recap recap recap recap recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. You know um um well I mean well like like well. So be sure to stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around so okay like um you know okay you know like so for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a a a okay you know okay I mean you know I mean well well okay a a a a a a a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card you know like okay well uh like you know so um and a pop socket. To enter just written written written written written written written written I mean um uh well uh like I mean so you know written written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the like uh okay you know like well um uh I mean draw. We're extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending this contest you know uh uh um so okay um you know uh to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of of like like like well like uh I mean so like of of of of of of time as always to or containing listeners in you know uh I mean so like like so you know well a brand new ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you know okay I mean well um well well uh you know you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the okay uh um you know um so uh okay um channel. Channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get uh so you know uh um um I mean uh okay into it the season finale. What What What What What What What What What What you know like okay well um you know um so um do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a so like so so so um so you know well a a a a a a a a a couple things that I well um I mean like um uh okay you know you know think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.