The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. Uh okay so like um I mean so uh well. When When When When When When When When When When big bank and DJ well um um so okay so like I mean okay Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big big big um um well well um so uh well you know big big big big big big big Bankers his time for another edition of like like so you know I mean uh uh um I mean big fashion big bank. We got family family family family family family family family uh um uh okay I mean you know um you know um family family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How How okay so like so uh well like uh okay How How How How How How How How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his like you know well I mean um um you know um um head ha ha ha. It's a a a a a a a a a okay so okay you know so well okay you know um a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like so okay like like I mean you know well well okay talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to you know, you know well you know you know like um like like well one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real real um I mean so so so so I mean okay uh real real real real real real real real talk, but one thing you got uh well okay so well I mean uh okay um to do we know you're going to to to to to to to to to I mean you know um okay um you know well you know you know to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the I mean uh uh so uh so so uh so the the the the the the the the the whole truth nothing, but it so I mean okay so like uh uh I mean okay was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm I mean I mean so like like so uh well like Hmm Hmm Hmm Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last so like uh like um well um well I mean time we talked it was was was was was was was was was was just like you know um so um okay well I mean so just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you you you like I mean well uh so okay uh like you know you you you you you you you like you Embrace certain parts of it, okay you know like I mean well okay like so I mean but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.