Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has I mean you know um you know well well well like like been been been been been been been been been been divided into two parts. This I mean so um um well uh like okay okay is part 2 in which we talk about about about about about about about about uh like uh okay uh uh okay I mean okay about about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not okay I mean uh uh I mean you know well you know like not not not not not not not not not only claims. The Antichrist is you know okay you know okay you know well you know okay so already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. Discussions discussions discussions discussions uh you know so like so well so um okay discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for um you know uh so um like I mean um um your support. The night may be be be be be be be be be be so well so like okay uh well okay uh long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found found found uh so well um well you know okay I mean you know found found found found found found found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the I mean um okay you know so you know so I mean well Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's you know so so like so like you know you know you know Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the the uh um um like well uh you know you know well the the the the the the the the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're uh uh I mean you know I mean you know I mean um uh going to be talking about that next. But But But But But But But But okay well um okay um you know you know like like But But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you okay so um okay so okay I mean okay you know haven't found found found found found found found found found found our YouTube channel uh uh um I mean um you know you know so well yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find find find find find okay okay so um I mean well I mean um okay find find find find find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no okay okay I mean like uh so like um like fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.