I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Like I mean okay um you know like well well um. Today is is is is is is is is is is Friday, March 6th I mean so um um well so like I mean so 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it it it it it it uh so well okay okay um I mean um um it it it it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, I mean well so I mean uh um um so uh even though we've been on on on on on on on on on uh uh I mean um I mean um you know like like on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to like okay well so okay you know well uh like the the the the the the the the the the theory courses. So if you you know um uh uh well you know uh I mean okay have a friend or relative a classmate who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's you know um well um like so uh so so who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass pass okay you know um like so well uh so uh pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass this information on to them or well okay uh well so so you know like like tell them to contact me so I I I I I I I I like like you know you know like well you know okay I mean I I can send them the link. This is important information that I want like I mean um you know uh uh well um like all of you you you you you you you you you you to have. Uh I mean um I mean uh you know I mean uh I mean. It's going to be even more important than usual for us us us uh I mean you know well so so um well I mean us us us us us us us to be in communication for you to I mean you know okay um um um you know uh okay have good communication with the nursing program over over over over over over over well you know well um so you know uh you know you know over over over the next several weeks. You need to get in the well um um um like okay like like um habit of checking your your your your your your your your your your BC well okay like okay um so well you know I mean email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.