Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode so like you know well so I mean like I mean uh of of of of of of of of of of Brawn and brains. So so uh like I mean okay okay like you know okay this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach Zach Zach um well uh uh you know like you know like um Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach so up, but you may know him as uh you know like um like you know so uh like the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a a a a a a a uh so you know uh I mean I mean you know okay you know a a a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed I mean uh um you know like uh well okay you know himself as the Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion because rumors so okay so okay I mean um you know so like around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the the well so I mean okay uh okay so well I mean the the the the the the the the The line was actually in our major. Um well so you know like um okay okay well. So I had a little heads-up who is is is is is is is is well you know uh okay like uh like I mean um is is going to be but not really a lot of people have had okay you know um okay like you know well okay you know classes Zach and I I I I I I I I I I were new so um so um like so I mean so um so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till till till till I mean um um um well well I mean like uh till till till till till till their senior year who our mascot is and a I mean I mean you know uh well I mean uh I mean so few months ago during football season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, you know okay um uh like um so uh so right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a um well um you know okay I mean um like like little little little little little little little little little little introduction about yourself sack. I mean well like I mean so like um like okay. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I I I I I I I I so I mean um um well uh well well well I I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.