Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I mean okay I mean like like so I mean so uh want want want want want want want want want to thank you for your you know like you know like uh I mean you know you know well support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope hope hope hope I mean well okay well like I mean okay like um hope hope hope hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor uh okay like like like like uh well you know its easiest way way way way way way way way way way to I mean like um okay you know I mean okay I mean like make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and okay you know like so I mean you know like well like and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your well okay um okay so like like like so phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you know like I mean okay um well um uh um for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a I mean I mean well so you know you know like well like podcast Google podcast and and and and and and and and and and many more well um I mean okay uh uh um um like you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you uh well um like I mean I mean okay well okay you you you you you you you need to make a successful podcast download the like okay so um you know well like um um free. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM you know I mean like I mean uh uh you know you know like FM FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers uh well um so you know um okay like okay give give give give give give give give give give them 10 times the value uh you know okay uh okay uh okay well I mean that they expect will comes to mind is my my my my my my like I mean um like uh like okay okay like my my my my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the um uh like I mean um well like I mean so five am club. Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club. I rewrote uh like so well so okay okay like um it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.