Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you know okay okay uh so uh well like I mean you about about about about about about about about about about the you know you know well I mean like um okay okay like amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the well um like um like okay okay okay well the the the the the the the the the app. I use to create my like so you know like like so I mean um um podcast and I heard about it from a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend well you know well well uh uh well okay um friend friend friend of mine who actually does it as well because I you know okay you know you know you know well so I mean uh thought at first oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh, um so well I mean you know um well um so I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? so so like uh like so I mean like um it it it it it it it it it I have no equipment. I have okay you know like okay like uh like uh um no money and I want to ensure that all all all all all all you know okay so okay like like um like so all all all all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and like so I mean okay like you know okay like so how do we do do do do do do do do do do well okay so well like I mean well um so that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when okay uh well well you know so I mean okay like when when when when when when when when when you don't know what to do. So like well okay okay like like well uh so she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. Free free free free free free okay well um um well um um like well free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so well um you know you know well uh um like podcast bright from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer you know like I mean like I mean okay I mean like you know anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard so so I mean um okay I mean so okay uh heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean um I mean um uh uh you know like um more and you can make money with your pockets, which which which which like okay I mean I mean like uh okay okay so which which which which which which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum okay well okay I mean uh like you know I mean so listenership. So if you're ready, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well uh I mean well uh well I mean so uh I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need well you know you know uh you know so well I mean so to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast you know uh so well okay you know okay you know I mean in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.