Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to well so uh well like like um so you know to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to uh I mean I mean uh um you know I mean um so download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to so like um you know um like so okay so to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So I mean I mean okay you know you know okay um um okay easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did not know, you know like okay like okay uh like like well um publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only only only only like like I mean so like okay so you know um only only only only only only known it like five ten years before early because so so so I mean um uh you know um like all I need to do do do do do do do do do do is download like um you know um you know I mean I mean you know well the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post well so um I mean I mean you know I mean well um post post post post post post post and anchor will do all the job well like like I mean I mean you know uh you know um for me. It will publish it it it it it it it it it like um okay okay so so uh I mean you know it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I mean I mean um you know uh um you know um okay I do do do do do do do do do do not need to do like okay well I mean so um well you know you know anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. Guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys okay I mean so well you know you know well you know um guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you you so okay uh uh uh I mean like like I mean you you you you you you you you have some come content, which uh uh well okay like okay like so you know you feel that needs to reach out to to to to to to to to I mean um you know okay okay well you know um you know to to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use well um okay you know um like so okay well this. Mascara. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now my Skyrim everyone you know well uh uh you know you know okay so uh welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.