I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did Did Did so uh so well um like I mean so well Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling like well okay um okay well uh okay you know performance? Yes. I had no prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior okay well well you know okay so I mean okay I mean knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and like I mean I mean like uh well you know so um and and and and and and and and and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies like I mean so um okay um you know I mean like and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are are are are are are are are are I mean um you know so like um uh so uh are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special I mean like you know uh uh I mean I mean like I mean guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I so you know well well well um so uh so done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but but but but but but I mean uh like you know um um you know like well but but but but I came in with my PR person my lighting so okay I mean I mean well well you know uh you know crew my director my I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, you know like like I mean like you know like uh um mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but uh I mean so um okay okay um you know well to to to to to to to to to to be fair when I was at you know so I mean like well well okay you know well his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he he he he he I mean I mean so well okay so like uh okay he he he he he told me on the spot that it was going uh well okay um well well well well uh to be on camera and and and and and and and and and so um like I mean well um I mean like okay and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let well so I mean well so I mean you know so I mean people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.