Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja so um like okay um well um so I mean and and and and and and and and and and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo like um like I mean I mean you know you know um like New York, and we grew up as as as as as as as as as well well I mean well okay like well so uh as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have you know uh so you know so I mean you know like like our our our our our our our our our our own take on every uh well uh um okay uh okay okay um situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. Basement basement basement basement like so you know so so uh like well so basement basement basement basement basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you well I mean like you know you know I mean okay well well not live from pooches basement door. Door door door door door door door um okay okay okay uh um you know you know well door door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode uh um well you know I mean so I mean so like of tv and chill. Chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill. Thanks for listening. Uh I mean okay you know you know like you know like uh. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and and and and um um uh like uh so I mean like okay and and and and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be I mean well uh um you know okay you know um like talking about the necessity of of of of of of of of of um well uh I mean you know I mean so you know like of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular I mean like so you know uh well so so well episode is because because because because because because because because because because I had a well I mean so well so uh like uh okay dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing doing doing um I mean uh like you know uh well uh so doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.