Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host like okay you know so I mean okay uh um I mean host host host host host host host host host many of you might already know like well okay you know so you know you know I mean uh that we record each episode using anchor, but if if if if if if if okay uh I mean you know uh I mean you know like um if if if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to I mean like you know um so I mean uh so um know. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the easiest most efficient okay um like like you know well uh I mean uh way to record a podcast you can make money from the the the the like okay okay you know you know well like so um the the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to okay I mean um so like like uh I mean I mean use with creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you okay um so uh well um well so I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or okay um I mean uh um you know like I mean I mean or or or or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on okay like um I mean I mean I mean well you know I mean Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many um like uh like well well so like like other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need need okay um so uh you know uh uh okay you know need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Um so like I mean like well uh I mean um. So get on it and go download download download download download download download download download download the like so uh well you know you know well so so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Today okay okay so okay um well uh like like today today today today today today today today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.