Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive thrive well I mean um uh okay uh um well um thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive in their relationships around you. I'm so you know um I mean uh I mean well uh well Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you you you you you you uh you know uh okay like well okay I mean you know you you you you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of well well okay well um like well um like friendships a less common common common common common common common common common common type like uh you know like uh um okay like like of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've We've We've We've We've you know so um you know uh you know like so you know We've We've We've We've We've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew like so you know like uh you know well um you know and join us at at at at at at at at at at the table. Like you know you know so like I mean so you know well. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I I I I uh okay um I mean um uh I mean you know I mean I I I I I I wanted to give a little shout out to you know so um I mean so um you know well like Miss Perry who's listening every week week week week week week week week week week and I so like so so so uh um okay like wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when when okay uh like you know uh well so I mean like when when when when when when when when I was little and I have a you know like um like okay like well um uh shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just just just just just just just just um so okay I mean like uh I mean like like just just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney you know okay okay uh you know um I mean I mean I mean Channel and and and and and and and and and and here's some for us. Yes. Well like uh um uh you know so I mean like. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.