Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and I mean um like I mean okay well you know uh you know and and and and and and and and and opinions and expertise you would like you know you know like um you know so I mean okay so to share with the world? Well anchor is the the the the the the the well okay so well I mean you know you know you know okay the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this like uh well so so well okay I mean uh podcast. Anchor gives you everything you you you you you you you you you you need uh okay so I mean so okay you know um uh in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile mobile so I mean well so like uh like like I mean mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile device or computer. They have I mean you know uh uh well like like uh um Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and and and and and and and and you know I mean like okay you know um well so well and and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to I mean okay I mean uh uh so uh like you know Spotify. Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast um um like okay uh like you know um I mean and so many more and the best part you can easily make money money you know um well well okay I mean okay well so money money money money money money money money with your podcast with uh well you know you know okay so um okay I mean no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or or or or or uh okay um um like uh I mean like like or or or or or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to well okay okay you know like uh um like well get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy Reedy well like so so um well um okay you know Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to I mean so uh okay um uh uh well you know share share share share share share share share share share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.