Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's okay um um like so okay I mean well uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's confusing because we release the last two so okay you know uh um you know uh um okay episodes out of order. When one one three two. Two two two two two two two okay so so I mean well um you know okay so two two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are so uh like uh I mean uh uh okay so we we we we we we we we we we gonna get so um okay you know okay okay so like so through this as a group? I think I think that all hate hate I mean uh um like well I mean I mean you know okay hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate mail to at Monday. No, um like like um like okay well you know so you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie movie movie movie movie movie you know um like uh well like okay okay okay movie movie movie movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you like I mean I mean uh well you know I mean so um the current timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline like witcher. So uh uh I mean um I mean I mean okay like. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of of of of of of of okay you know okay like so so um uh well of of of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my well okay so I mean okay you know you know okay like life. It is is is is is is is is is is ruining your life. Uh I mean okay I mean well I mean okay well um. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you you you you uh so um uh um okay okay like uh you you you you you you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim so you know okay you know well well um okay I mean breath of the wild and now now now now now now now now now so uh so so um like um I mean well now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about about uh so like so like I mean like you know I mean about about about about about about about about like like guns big fan of shooter you know well I mean I mean I mean like um well you know games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.