Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is uh uh okay well well like well well you know is is is is is is is is is the app that I you know I mean okay I mean so you know you know you know okay actually use to make and distribute bitch work is is is is is is well so uh well um uh okay I mean um is is is is how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy well well I mean I mean I mean so like like okay to use. Use use use use use use use use use. It's an app you well you know well like um um um I mean uh download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a a a a a like you know okay so okay like you know you know so a a a a a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your well well uh um like I mean well um I mean podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. You know so well like like okay okay well uh. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so so so so I mean you know I mean well I mean well like you know you know so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so okay well okay uh like I mean okay uh um much more bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch work literally got okay I mean so okay uh so okay like you know distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me me me me uh um um like you know well so okay well me me me me me me uploading my first episode you can make money I mean um I mean okay okay so so you know like from your podcast on anchor with no no no no no no no no uh okay so so um okay um you know like no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and um you know you know like so okay well well like wine place. Place place place place place place place place place. If you guys want to get so okay uh like uh uh I mean so I mean started making a podcast or have an amazing idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea um um I mean I mean um uh like I mean like idea idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to well I mean I mean like uh okay so you know I mean get started. Started started started started started started started started started. Hey guys. I am um like so like um well I mean okay okay so excited to bring you this week's episode of of of of of of of of like you know okay uh you know you know like okay um of of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.