Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. Today today okay you know um okay okay so well you know like today today today today today today today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency um like like uh so well you know like I mean 50 basis point cut the fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat like you know okay like okay so uh you know like fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change well okay uh well like uh uh you know um in in in in in in in in in in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 okay like so uh well you know I mean you know like outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the the the the the the the the the um um so you know so I mean like so well the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It I mean okay like you know you know well I mean I mean uh will surely way on economic activity activity activity activity activity activity activity activity you know I mean you know like like well uh I mean well activity activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier well so I mean like I mean so you know uh well than scheduled March March March March March March March March March March fomc meeting um so like you know like so you know okay I mean but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to like you know uh like uh okay so okay well to to to to to to to to to a 50 basis point cut um you know so you know like okay um um like by market. The question that remains is where will will will will will will will well like so okay you know you know I mean I mean you know will will will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting so so I mean like so okay uh you know okay of Finance Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt so well well you know okay so okay so so to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look look look look look so like so um I mean uh uh um you know look look look look look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.