Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you you um okay well so um okay I mean you know um you you you you you you you you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop okay okay so well you know okay like okay okay for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best Best Best Best Best Best Best like um uh okay I mean you know so I mean I mean Best Best Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously okay I mean you know like uh well like I mean okay easy to use now now now now now now now now now now anger can match so so you know like you know so I mean so you know you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your your your your you know um okay um you know okay like okay okay your your your your your your podcast. That means you can get paid to so um so like well uh like you know I mean podcasts right away. In fact, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what well so well like well like so okay like I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, know, okay well like you know well you know okay okay okay know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we love using incre you can you know okay uh I mean um okay um um like hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's so so so like I mean um um uh so It's It's It's It's It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end well like so so I mean uh I mean so okay points if you want to to to to to to to to to to cut out I mean okay um like like so um like well some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, So, So, So, like you know I mean um okay well like like uh So, So, So, So, So, So, you know, if you've always wanted to start like well like okay like okay so so okay a podcast and make money doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing you know well like well uh well so well I mean it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start I mean like so well you know like like so well start start start start start start start start start Let's Roll whole ruin the you know uh okay well um well you know well I mean lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.