We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about okay I mean okay well I mean um like um uh starting your your your your your your your your your your own podcast, let well like well well like um I mean so okay me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the the the the uh uh um like you know like I mean um you know the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain uh okay well well um you know um uh well it's free their creation tools that that that that that that that that okay uh uh so um so okay like um that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay so like I mean so um well like so or computer. They'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast so you know well you know uh well um um well for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and well okay um like like well so um so and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from like okay so okay I mean okay you know well uh your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything okay I mean uh okay uh well uh I mean um everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free like you know so um like so I mean okay well acre acre acre acre acre acre acre acre acre acre app or go to okay um I mean you know okay um uh okay you know Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join join join join okay uh um so you know well so um okay join join join join join join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday I mean like well well uh um um so okay night 7:00 p.m. On the the the the the the the the the the Chevy dude like well okay okay well um you know okay uh YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting podcasting podcasting like well you know okay uh um um um like podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time okay I mean uh so I mean uh like so like every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll uh like so so so I mean I mean I mean um you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.