Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's It's It's uh okay okay you know okay you know um like well It's It's It's It's It's It's It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean like like uh okay um um you know um the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make so well so like so okay uh you know like a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it um okay um um okay like uh so uh can can can can can can can can can can make you money. There's um well like you know I mean okay okay like uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast well uh so I mean uh I mean you know I mean I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. In like well well um okay so I mean okay you know fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch like you know I mean well so um so well like craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast you know okay you know I mean you know I mean okay so like for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can so like like okay like well so so like be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you you okay um you know you know you know you know um okay uh you you you you you you you you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You okay uh well you know like like well like okay don't need a minimum listenership in order order order order order order order order like like well um you know uh like um um order order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you um like I mean I mean like um I mean uh I mean record record record record record record record record record record the ones that you want and uh I mean uh like um well like uh like they go on your podcast. It's everything that that that that that that you know um you know um I mean well so like like that that that that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if well uh I mean uh okay okay well well so you've always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start I mean like uh um um so so okay so a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free free uh like uh so you know uh okay so well free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchored I mean well so like I mean so um so um on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.