Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This I mean you know well okay um like um I mean well is fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun to like okay I mean okay well uh you know um I mean speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's um uh um okay I mean you know like uh uh your your your your your your your your your your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome uh well well so okay you know uh well I mean to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. Speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate uh you know uh well well well well you know I mean speculate speculate speculate speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me um like so you know like uh okay uh so is producer Vlad. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. Well um you know like like well um you know so. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. You know you know like um uh okay um okay well. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because in the grand scheme of um so I mean okay I mean okay so um okay things we recorded it's actually been a while since since since since since since since well um um like like okay um like you know since since since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so you know you know so well so um okay um so many episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes in like a you know so like you know uh like like well like three-day time span and we had a nice little break in in so uh you know I mean well well uh I mean uh in in in in in in in in between and now we have to catch you know like you know you know like like you know um um up and record one like every week week week week week week week week uh I mean uh like uh like well you know well week week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. You know okay um so so okay uh I mean um. I love love love love love love love love love love this show. I want this so well so well um you know you know well like show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's that's that's that's that's okay well I mean you know I mean like like well okay that's that's that's that's that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I well um um you know like like you know well uh hope a lot of people enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy you know you know um uh you know uh like um um it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.