So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how like okay okay okay you know you know you know like okay how how how how how how how how how in the world, you know um um I mean well uh I mean so so um how to make a podcast and I crack up because because because because because because okay um like um I mean well you know um I mean because because because because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app I mean okay I mean okay uh okay so okay so called anchor which I highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly recommend well I mean so you know so I mean okay well uh to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on on on like I mean like you know I mean I mean like you know uh on on on on on on on how to create your very own podcast. Well so um okay uh uh um I mean um. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools tools tools tools tools tools like uh so um I mean so well so okay tools tools tools tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your you know well uh well you know you know you know um uh podcast for you and and and and and and and and and and So so um uh okay so uh like like um if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor anchor anchor so well I mean so uh you know so okay like anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F I mean so you know um well you know okay um um m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor like I mean um like okay so like so I mean hor hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to like like uh I mean okay well well um uh another another another another another another another another another another episode of the good you know okay I mean you know uh I mean so so you know sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you you you you I mean like you know so you know like uh so like you you you you you you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. Okay like so I mean like uh um um well. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.