Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family family um well okay I mean okay um you know uh um family family family family family family family family of fragrances gives everyone a way to like okay uh uh okay um uh I mean you know embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to abercrombie.com Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom like okay um I mean um I mean I mean you know like Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom. And click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean so like well um uh well um okay so like you you you you you you you you you you had they were well like so well you know I mean um like well they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was was was was was uh like like you know like like you know I mean uh was was was was was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation okay I mean you know like um I mean like I mean I mean to be had about, you you you you you you you you you you okay okay you know okay uh I mean okay well like know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in in like well so well okay like okay okay well in in in in in in in in the role that played in the type okay you know well like I mean like um um um of singers that you hear, you you you you you you you you you you um so so uh you know okay you know so well know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here here you know um well uh so so like uh I mean here here here here here here here here but every now and again probably so so like well I mean okay you know well I mean last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't can't can't can't can't can't like like I mean like so uh you know well um can't can't can't can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of you know um I mean like um okay well like well occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer hudson. Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson hudson. Like like you know okay um um like okay you know. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.