You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired I mean uh like okay like well like I mean so on on on on on on on on on on YouTube. So the used you know I mean okay um I mean well you know like um to be a visual element. There is not any more. This This This This This This um I mean um okay so um um okay um This This This This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the well um well um so uh okay you know you know dog or driving the the the the the the the the the the car where uh um so you know you know well well um uh it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why why why why why well you know like I mean okay okay I mean I mean uh why why why why why this audio version exists. If you like us okay uh like so uh so so so I mean doing this, please do leave us a a a a a a a a a a well like uh so I mean um so so um review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So well well uh well okay you know like um so So So So So So So So So So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed okay um like um I mean I mean like well like as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. Animation animation animation animation animation animation uh okay um um you know um okay you know uh animation animation animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt well uh like uh okay like okay like I mean Disney on today's popular culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture you know I mean like okay like like so um I mean and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him well uh um uh I mean um I mean like um or or or or or or or or or or you can love I mean um well well um uh okay um well to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney Disney Disney Disney okay okay okay uh uh like um um you know Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest um so so so um I mean like like um export but well, it's not is is is is is is is is is um like um I mean so you know you know uh um is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.