Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to um so um uh uh like okay so you know leave fantasy Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst Analyst uh okay I mean I mean okay okay I mean uh okay at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. Uh uh well well uh you know like uh I mean. So So So So So So So So So So at this point we've at least um okay I mean um I mean okay like I mean um had a couple days to digest some of the the the the the the um okay uh um okay well so well well the the the the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going I mean uh you know uh I mean I mean so I mean like to talk about about about about about about about about about about today the um um uh so so well I mean um like offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know know know okay okay uh okay well you know uh well like know know know know know know know I said this on last week's show uh well well okay you know you know well well uh but I have to reiterate you cannot freak freak freak freak freak freak well um um okay well um well uh okay freak freak freak freak out about one data point from the combine. These are uh um uh um um I mean well well so Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most most most most most most most most most most well I mean I mean uh uh like uh uh well of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like I mean you know you know um I mean I mean uh so you know fractions of of of of of of of of of of a second. So that so okay so uh um you know you know like you know shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a a a a like I mean um okay so like okay like okay a a a a a a player but we did learn some things some I mean well well so so so like okay uh players had much better showing than than than than than than than than uh well uh I mean okay uh well so um than than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.