These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some some some so so um I mean uh so so um like some some some some some some some have been through multiple exits others. This is um so so um um you know well okay uh a first-time kind of thing, but they they they they they they they um so okay well like you know so I mean I mean they they they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a like like um you know you know okay I mean like well pain in in in in in in in in in in sports or Esports. They I mean I mean okay I mean uh okay uh like so know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that um um so like um um I mean so like that that that that that there are people willing to pay for that well uh so like like well like um I mean pain to go away. You're listening to sports sports sports sports sports sports you know uh um well okay um you know okay well sports sports sports sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. Like well okay so so like you know so okay. You listen to to to to to to to to to to sports take you know I mean I mean you know you know like uh I mean uh feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once Once Once I mean uh so um um um like so like Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, we've got a really insightful and so uh uh uh uh I mean okay like you know interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the the the the the uh I mean okay um uh so um so I mean the the the the the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is well so I mean um uh so uh you know um a global Sports Innovation Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, um so um okay you know um uh so um including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over you know well so so I mean like you know um like 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 cohort company since it launched um okay so you know you know okay you know so uh in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough enough enough I mean so like so you know okay I mean like okay enough enough enough enough enough enough enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.