Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a so like uh well okay uh so so I mean podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to discussing the um so I mean I mean uh like so well well adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second second second you know well uh so well you know you know so like second second second second second second second ever podcast I've ever made. So I like uh so so so I mean uh uh um hope this isn't too horrible and still still still still still still still still like you know you know well well I mean well so okay still still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with like okay uh so I mean uh well you know so the bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad editing in places. I've done I mean like okay you know I mean uh well well um my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that that that that that that that that I mean okay so I mean uh I mean I mean okay uh that that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. Okay well um okay you know like like okay like. I cover recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent news okay well so like I mean I mean you know well so and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of of like uh so well like so uh you know like of of of of of of of of the show focus on a conversation so uh well so um um okay um I mean about maniples the basic building blocks of the the the the the the the the okay you know I mean well like like like um okay the the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use so like I mean so I mean well um well I mean them as as as as as as as as as as narrative devices, but following some uh okay okay I mean I mean I mean so I mean so feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to to I mean uh so well like so well well um to to to to to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily well you know so I mean um um so um okay from gaming perspective. This This This This This This This This This This is okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean so well you know a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a a a you know I mean you know um like okay uh well like a a a a a a a slight change in Styles throughout the main section I mean well um like um um so like I mean of the shug. This week work work work work work work work work work work was like so okay um so you know I mean you know you know a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.