Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Um well um you know I mean um you know you know well. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime will be analyzing I mean well so so so well so well like gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end end end um um uh so like okay well you know um end end end end end end end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game uh um like uh um I mean well um I mean week 29 joining us this week for for for for for for for for for for you know um um okay so so you know like you know the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter staunton. Okay like so so you know uh um okay you know. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last time you came on like I mean um you know I mean so so okay so your above Dave despite not touching your team since since since since since since okay you know so so uh you know well okay like since since since since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very I mean you know you know uh you know you know I mean so I mean good. I'm about 3.7 million. Million million million million million million million well I mean okay I mean um uh so I mean like million million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so well well I mean you know okay okay okay okay I think out of of of of of of of of of of you know, all like well I mean well okay so like I mean uh the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I I I I um you know I mean well well like well like so I I I I I I get the impression you're not from from the uh like um I mean um okay uh okay so fact you have a lot of players players players players players players players players players players uh you know well I mean I mean um okay I mean you know on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The you know okay I mean well okay so um okay you know League Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Final so so uh um well like I mean I mean well well there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.