Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like okay well uh okay um I mean well uh uh to to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to um okay so I mean so um I mean you know okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor um you know you know um okay uh so well so Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So well I mean um I mean uh I mean um okay um easy guys, I did did did did did did did did did did not know, you like so like well uh like so I mean uh know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it it it it uh well uh you know like um well I mean um it it it it it it like five ten years before early because all um uh um well well you know well uh well I need to do is download the the the the the the the okay well I mean I mean I mean uh um so uh the the the anchor. I have record my voice in it and like well I mean I mean okay well like like like just click post and anchor will will will will will will will will will will okay well uh okay um um you know you know you know do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major major so like so um uh okay well uh okay major major major major major major major major podcast sides. You know apps that okay um okay um uh I mean I mean so um are available and I do not need to do do do do do do do you know um well like okay uh I mean um I mean do do do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make well like uh okay I mean uh uh like I mean use of of of of of of of of of of it. If well so I mean uh like okay uh uh well you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel feel feel I mean I mean so like so well like so I mean feel feel feel feel feel feel feel that needs to reach out to the uh uh like um you know uh um um okay world or simply want to post something something something something something something something something okay well uh you know like uh you know you know uh something something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes so okay well I mean well you know like well I mean podcast. So today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's daily log. I have um well like um okay I mean like so you know restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.