Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need need need need uh well okay you know like you know okay um um need need need need need need more voices in the church talking about the like like like um so so so um so crisis spreading the gospel and and and and and and and and and and holding well I mean well you know okay well um okay I mean fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding unfolding like uh I mean you know you know you know I mean okay you know unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot you know I mean so uh like uh okay uh okay of ways to get involved and an easy one one one one one one one one okay okay I mean um well um uh you know uh one one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast I mean like um um okay so I mean well um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard okay uh I mean you know uh you know okay I mean okay about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to like uh well I mean so I mean I mean well I mean to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow so um I mean like so well I mean um um you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit um like um okay like okay okay um you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute like uh uh like okay you know so like I mean distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on so okay okay well like um well you know well Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many um I mean um um so you know you know okay so more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership um so okay um well well you know okay uh listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make I mean like I mean like like you know um so I mean a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if if if if if you know so so like so uh okay so well if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f okay um I mean I mean well you know I mean so uh f f f f f f f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.