If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean I mean like like well um okay okay like Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. I mean um you know well well you know so I mean you know. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure sure sure sure sure sure I mean you know uh so uh I mean okay so so sure sure sure sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up well uh um so I mean um okay you know well with. There's no money to to to to to to to to to to put okay like uh you know so I mean so like um into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out out um you know okay so um I mean I mean I mean uh out out out out out out out out great, you keep doing it at so I mean you know uh you know you know um so you know no cost but there was no money out of of of of of so um well so okay I mean well um like of of of of of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to well uh like okay um um well so well want to go with anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor uh you know um so uh you know uh like I mean anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh okay so like uh well um well well your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer super okay um so um you know like I mean well so easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can like um um like I mean like you know so well can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and uh okay so you know okay okay like well I mean you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your like you know okay I mean like uh uh well well podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any any any any any I mean like like I mean I mean like um okay like any any any any any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to um um um you know uh so um like you know make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one well well like um so um um like uh place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.