Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk okay okay okay um you know so like so uh to you about about about about about about about about about about anchor if like um um you know so like well like I mean you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the like um so uh well so you know um you know the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Um I mean um so you know I mean so well like. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools okay like uh you know like um okay so like tools tools tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh um you know uh I mean um okay uh like from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or okay well so like okay well so so so your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You okay so I mean so uh well okay uh well you you you you you you you you. So you can be heard on okay uh uh so so okay so like um Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many many many many many many many well uh like you know well uh so um I mean many many many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one so I mean like I mean like so uh well so place, so so so so so so so so so so don't If we anchor up you know well okay you know so you know so well uh today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get well okay um uh well I mean I mean um okay get get get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's okay well okay uh well okay um um um up you guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys Welcome back well I mean I mean like so like you know um so to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so so well like well well like okay you know I mean um so so so so so so so so crazy to think that we've been so okay like uh you know okay I mean like um doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they they they they they they okay like well you know so okay like okay I mean they they they they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, okay um uh I mean you know uh like you know like or at least it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's true for you know so you know like so well you know um so me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.