Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel you know so um like like okay you know like uh feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon so so uh uh uh I mean like like you know and I toss different ideas around around around around around around around around around you know uh so uh um um uh well like around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a I mean uh you know so like uh well like um a a a a a a a a a podcast and I'll tell you I mean so I mean so uh okay like I mean uh why first of all, it's free. You can record edit edit edit edit edit I mean okay so like so um well you know you know edit edit edit edit edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone um uh uh like well so um well like or or from your computer. It It It It It It It It It It um like I mean okay okay like uh well I mean will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple um like I mean well okay okay well um well apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and all of the big names okay you know okay you know um uh I mean like okay you can make money with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership you know like so you know um okay well uh okay listenership listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one so I mean okay you know like you know um uh um place. So here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's what you need well okay so I mean I mean okay okay I mean um to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go go uh so like so you know well okay I mean like go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get you know uh I mean you know like uh okay um like started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- so you know okay okay okay you know so um so m-- m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome uh um so uh uh like you know like um to to to to to to to to to to the inside scoop on Mental Health I mean like so I mean okay like okay uh um with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.