Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason bolton. Bolton Bolton okay um so I mean uh I mean okay I mean you know Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris uh um well um okay you know so okay uh Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in in in in in in in in in like uh you know okay okay like uh well I mean in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Well um um well like so well I mean uh. Christmas to to to to to to to to to to you. What's your name Chris? mr. Okay like uh um you know uh so so uh. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the the the the the the so well well you know like um okay um um the the the the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm like uh um I mean okay I mean you know I mean well going to really date myself. Myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. They okay you know I mean you know okay um I mean so so call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like you know so um okay you know well you know I mean okay to to to to to to to to to to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he uh um you know well um uh so okay you know really gotta you gotta really get into into into into into into into into into into you know like well like I mean like okay so uh and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they they I mean I mean okay well like um I mean you know okay they they they they they they they they surged about. It wasn't a like I mean I mean okay uh I mean um uh um stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if if if if if if okay you know well well you know well um okay well if if if if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So like uh um okay uh well I mean so uh we're going to to to to to to to to to to try to make um well I mean so so well uh you know well this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over over over over okay well I mean well um um so well um over over over over over over there. So I have a good signal and I have well like I mean um uh like okay so uh plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.