Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the the the well um like well I mean uh uh uh like the the the the the the the week this week. Okay, we're not even done with the well I mean I mean I mean like like um like um I know you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't watch the you know like so like you know so I mean so you know show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to okay you know well um okay okay so I mean uh to to to to to to to to to do with anything we've ever talked about you know you know so like you know okay you know you know like Kaylee doesn't know about it because she she she she she she she she she so you know well I mean uh uh so you know well she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've well uh uh okay you know uh like um um been watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching Love is Blind within the okay you know you know um you know I mean like okay so Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh like like um like okay I mean you know like I'm I'm I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it um um um so well okay so you know you know for the past two days. Days days days days days days days days days. You know okay like like um you know I mean well um. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and and and um like so well like I mean so um like and and and and and and and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the I mean well I mean well like so well I mean well two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled well so so well uh okay well like um spilled spilled spilled spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in you know I mean I mean okay so um okay okay I mean Cameron and lauren. Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. Although I do um um you know well you know uh you know well uh think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's he's he's he's he's he's uh uh I mean well you know I mean like um okay he's he's he's he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very you know so uh well uh well well well okay emotional man and but but but but but but but but but but but he like well uh like uh you know well uh uh loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.