Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to to to to to uh um um well uh okay well well uh to to to to to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living okay so uh so well I mean well you know uh welcome to unplug a podcast series series series series series series series series series so okay um so uh okay like well like series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and okay like so um okay uh I mean uh well their families. Families families families families families families families families families. I'll be your well I mean you know you know so well you know I mean well host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and and and and and um well so I mean I mean I mean so well uh and and and and and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola so well I mean like like um so you know so with three-eighths of the end end end end end end end end end end so um you know you know okay so I mean uh okay and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you you you know I mean well um you know well like uh you know you you you you you you you you miss a week Weak don't worry. So um well like you know well like okay uh. You can always come back. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure well uh like well well uh so well uh sure sure sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode uh like well okay okay uh okay okay okay to your friends your family family family family family family family family family family uh I mean I mean uh you know well okay well like to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll I'll um like so okay okay I mean so okay um I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be more than happy to um like so um okay you know so well I mean send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's I mean um I mean well uh so well um okay let's let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.