Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis like I mean um well well like uh well I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew okay so okay uh I mean I mean well uh like Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Entities entities entities entities entities entities entities entities okay well well you know okay I mean well so I mean entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible well well well okay you know okay I mean like you know feel free to to to to to to to to to to read along uh I mean you know well you know you know I mean well well with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, disorders, like so well well okay well you know like so disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, disorders, we suggest you stick to you know uh um you know uh you know well I mean well the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked linked linked linked linked you know I mean well okay uh okay so so you know linked linked linked linked linked in the episode description if you wish to Read you know I mean like well so okay uh like um instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained well okay okay okay so so um so okay trained trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the you know okay you know like well um uh you know um construction construction construction construction construction construction construction construction construction construction of the story. These opinions well like okay like well like um um I mean may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic comic comic comic comic uh um I mean I mean uh uh um uh like comic comic comic comic comic just offering suggestions. This show is not you know well okay um so uh okay um you know safe for work. And if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're uh okay so you know you know I mean uh well like you're you're you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were I mean well I mean you know well okay okay like you know old enough to to to to to to to to to to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.