What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your you know well okay I mean you know I mean uh okay so personal development development development development development development development development development development one tip at a I mean like so well um like uh um I mean time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also also also also also also also also also okay uh like you know like so okay I mean you know also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and uh you know you know I mean you know I mean I mean I mean I mean he he he he he he he he he he is the founder of so okay so okay so okay I mean um um the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of of of of of of you know well like like like you know I mean you know um of of of of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. So uh so uh like you know um I mean okay. They need to to to to to to to to to to live with so well um you know like um well well so courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I I I I you know so so like well uh okay okay uh I I I I I I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's uh you know so like okay um okay okay well learn an important lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson Central to okay well um um like like okay well okay Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We We We We We okay um well uh like okay um okay like We We We We We need to make promises only when we mean well I mean so like I mean um well uh like them have a listen. So if you you you you you you you you you you so um uh you know okay so okay um okay look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do do um you know you know so you know uh um you know I mean do do do do do do do do something or something will certainly you know like well well uh well you know you know um happen in the future you touched on something that's that's that's that's that's that's you know you know you know um well I mean like so well that's that's that's that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.