Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on I mean uh um I mean um uh well okay you know on on on on on on on on top and Blake all good. So today we well like uh so like uh like I mean like are recording the first episode of the the the the the the the the well like I mean um you know so well I mean uh the the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three um like I mean like uh I mean like well so three three three three three three three three three months. He has smelt a you know you know you know um um uh you know well um long story short may not going to be in touch touch touch touch so um well so uh so so so so touch touch touch touch touch touch for a while and I made not for um like okay you know uh like um so well sample cups of coffee on the lisburn lisburn lisburn lisburn lisburn lisburn lisburn lisburn you know okay uh so well like um um I mean lisburn lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may okay okay like um well you know okay I mean so help a a a a a a a a a a few older. So this so um so okay so okay okay so I mean is all very much part in those thoughts into action. Action action action action you know like okay um you know I mean well um well action action action action action. And if we can help at least one other uh I mean like you know I mean okay uh uh you know person as a byproduct of our our our our our our our our well uh so like so so I mean like uh our our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable well I mean uh you know uh so like uh um form to to to to to to to to to to do. So, you know uh like I mean so um okay I mean so so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so so um okay um um I mean so okay um you know so so so so so so so so you can get to know us you know so you know well I mean well well like uh that more about who you actually listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened I mean you know I mean like well like you know so I mean listened listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into okay like I mean so um I mean like so okay into into into into into into into into into some of those deeper questions that you know um okay okay so okay I mean like uh may help others. So just by where personal introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction you know uh I mean so like uh you know you know like introduction introduction introduction introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.