I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but I mean uh um um uh okay I mean uh so you need need need need need need need need need need to do this. Um like okay well like like well well so. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your you know you know um so like like I mean um you know your your your your your your your your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's so okay um okay well so you know okay so edified woman's life coach and I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope so uh like like um uh you know um I mean hope hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has I mean okay well um you know like like so okay blood in this this this this this this this this this this episode. You know uh okay I mean you know uh I mean uh like. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex sex sex um you know like um uh okay so you know uh sex sex sex sex sex sex sex business feminine flow your brain I mean so like you know well I mean okay uh well energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will will will will you know like well you know like so okay I mean so will will will will will will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets well you know okay okay you know well so I mean like and drink bombs as other the the the the the the the the the the filter um I mean so you know okay um um okay so about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too too um you know well like I mean okay so um I mean too too too too too too too too afraid to say so if you didn't you know well uh so you know so uh you know you know already see basically I had to leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave well you know okay I mean uh I mean okay okay so leave leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in like you know you know I mean um I mean you know okay well Williamsburg now, but basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically what okay you know um like like um you know like I mean happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like like like like like you know um well okay um I mean like uh like like like like like like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a um um um you know uh you know you know you know I mean friend's apartment and then they the cops cops cops cops cops cops cops well okay okay uh so you know like you know you know cops cops cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.