Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. Today so so um like I mean um like well well today today today today today today today today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who well I mean like I mean okay I mean um uh like formerly played for the now folded folded folded folded folded folded folded folded like okay you know so uh you know so well well folded folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is like I mean like like like so so uh okay is is is is is is is is is going to win the BBL um I mean you know like um uh uh well like Championship his toughest opponents and how it was was was was was was was like I mean I mean okay uh um so well okay was was was playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going I mean so you know um well uh well you know um to be about about about about about about about about about about five minutes. No, okay um uh you know so so you know like uh well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but but but but but um okay uh I mean okay uh like um uh but but but but but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll uh okay I mean so um uh uh you know well see how long it is about about about about about about about about like I mean okay well you know like I mean you know like about about not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm you know well uh uh um um uh okay uh just going to cover. Cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover. The you know okay like I mean uh like you know you know um oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the the the I mean I mean like okay so okay so okay okay the the the the the the the games this weekend and I will so um I mean you know I mean uh well I mean okay I'm going to talk about something else as well. Well well well well well well you know I mean okay like I mean you know well you know uh well well well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an like so so okay I mean uh okay well like overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.