You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture culture so uh so well okay you know you know okay I mean culture culture culture culture culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it you know um uh um you know like well well well that period in my life. Life life life life life life life life I mean um you know well like so I mean like um life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And okay like okay well so like so like like And And And And And And And And And so if any teacher a male I mean like so uh uh you know I mean so like teacher specially came to me and said, oh you you you you you you you know uh okay you know you know I mean you know okay um you you you you should be making more black art. Are you should be making well I mean I mean uh so well you know um uh more black looking things. Things things things things things things things things things. I would well I mean um I mean so uh uh okay okay just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is is is is is like so you know so um okay like I mean uh is is is is is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio um um I mean um I mean um you know um you know juxtapose. This is the first in in in in in in in in in in okay okay um so so I mean like like you know a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the the the well um like you know um uh okay well um the the the the the the the Armory show in New York City myself so well you know um you know well uh you know you know and Evan pitched up for a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple uh well so like I mean uh so so I mean of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And um so I mean like um okay well um okay And And And And And And And And And we managed to NAB I mean like I mean well um well you know so I mean ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.