Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank okay like um like well I mean uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you so much for tuning in like so like so you know well okay okay okay listening. We hope you like it. We hope you you you you you you you uh you know well uh so I mean um um okay you you you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe I mean okay you know uh you know so okay you know okay to to to to to to to to to to our podcast that will really um so uh so well like so uh so help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow grow grow grow like okay you know uh okay okay okay well uh grow grow grow grow grow grow this thing. This first one really okay okay uh uh like I mean so like okay is just us talking about some stories going going going going going going going going I mean uh I mean um uh well you know like you know going going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be I mean I mean like okay like well well you know so doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing with this. We hope you well like well so um uh well you know like like it. Also a big shout out to Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric I mean well well well okay I mean so uh you know Eric Eric Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended so uh like so uh I mean uh like I mean gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten us past our first you know so well I mean you know okay well so so couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on on on on on like you know uh you know um uh um you know I mean on on on on on the right track now also forgive us for the uh okay I mean well like um well um okay sound quality at the the the the the the the the the the moment. That's well you know I mean so well okay um um well something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how how okay um you know um so I mean you know so well how how how how how how how how to edit it and smooth everything out um so well well uh well you know you know okay that's best for your ear holes so so so so so so so I mean okay uh I mean so you know like I mean well so so so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.