What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you um uh well okay well so I mean you know uh you you you you you you you you doing hey, how you doing? I'm okay I mean you know I mean you know uh um um well pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you you you you you know um so I mean um well so uh like you you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know like I mean like I mean like you know I mean uh um there's not much stock boat. Boat boat boat boat boat boat boat boat boat. We still I mean you know well you know okay um well okay so haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come come um uh I mean uh so I mean like well you know come come come come come come come come back. You know what that game room. Okay, like um like you know like uh like like okay I believe off the where we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought um I mean so like um okay well um I mean thought thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were so so well like I mean okay so well like talking about house house house house house house house house house house like a um I mean so like I mean you know well you know you know toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And And like you know like um well like like okay like And And And And And And And And then I think you were to um uh so well I mean I mean you know um okay it's like when fully back on board is fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully well uh uh I mean you know um uh okay well fully fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was I mean like I mean so I mean so you know well I mean like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I'm not I'm not you know you know um like uh uh like so um falling for it. I've been hurt too many times times times times times times well I mean um I mean I mean well well like okay times times times times by these guys, but by the end of that I mean well you know I mean you know you know I mean you know okay podcast we switched but I was was was was was was was was was was I mean okay well so I mean okay I mean like I mean still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. Like uh so uh uh so um okay like. I'm proud. Proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud. I'm not fully well I mean so like you know well um you know like back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back back back back uh uh well uh so so uh I mean I mean back back back back back back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.