What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and okay okay so um so well um uh you know I'm going going going going going going going going going going to talk about uh well you know um you know you know so I mean you know a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about about about so you know uh like well so like um okay about about about about about about about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's I mean well uh I mean um so uh um um an open relationship with that. I I I I I I I I uh like okay so well so like so you know I I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the uh okay um I mean uh like um so well the the the the the the the the the quickie and first before we get okay I mean you know well you know well okay like um into the show, if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about you know um uh so uh well you know uh like about about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make uh okay um uh well I mean uh well um a a a a a a a a a a podcast and I encourage you so well well uh well like so well you know to make your own podcast. It's fun and and and and and and and and um well like like um so like like uh and and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you uh okay I mean well okay I mean uh well you know talk. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, you have conversations. Um okay well like uh uh um well I mean. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. It it um so well so uh okay so um you know it it it it it it it. There are creation tools that allow you to record okay well well so so you know um I mean so and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from uh um well okay uh you know I mean well like your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.