What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk um okay uh so well like well well I mean about about about about about about about about about about the gross margin impact of well okay you know okay like well you know you know well a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S S S S S S well so well uh okay I mean you know um okay S S S S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm uh uh I mean I mean you know well I mean so I mean really really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about from a financial perspective. Okay um uh uh like uh like um like. So going to nerd out on this shout out out out out out out out out out like I mean I mean like you know like um well so out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. I mean I mean like like um I mean um like uh. We were were were were were were were were were were just recording and so I mean I mean so you know like I mean okay uh we're talking about this new track package that came out for for for like okay well I mean uh so well okay okay for for for for for for for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 okay okay so so like so like uh so upgrade where you can basically get these these these these these these these these these these I mean uh okay um like so okay I mean you know really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand well okay so like okay like um I mean like and and and and and and and and and and then you pay five um um well uh you know like I mean like so and a half Grand more for these new tires tires tires tires tires so so I mean um well I mean well like okay tires tires tires tires tires and these brake pads which are geared to make you know uh well I mean you know I mean um uh um it perform better on the the the the the the the the the the well you know so I mean um you know um well uh track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And And And And And I mean well so uh like well uh so so And And And And And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity well okay like uh uh so you know okay you know for Tesla as sort of this this this this this this this this this this luxury you know um I mean well well like well so okay Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that that that that well well you know you know I mean well um well so that that that that that that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds like so like well uh you know like you know you know would love and the track package package package package package package package package uh okay uh so you know so okay okay you know package package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.