Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology technology technology well well well like uh like well okay you know technology technology technology technology technology technology technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal you know well you know so like uh uh well you know is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and and and and and and and and and and you know okay um well okay like so like well an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great so well you know uh I mean okay um okay like selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection selection of pools for you you know so so well like I mean well well um to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big okay so uh you know so um well well um Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So so well you know um you know okay uh okay you know be sure to to to to to to to to to to go and well so like um like well uh um okay check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the the the you know I mean um um uh so uh well like the the the the the the the show going into 2020. We would love it I mean I mean um okay I mean so you know well I mean if you as listeners would support support support support support support support support support support I mean so I mean well I mean so so like okay the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give you know you know well like well you know so okay uh give give give give give give give give give them a follow on Twitter at um so like I mean like I mean I mean I mean I mean Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning uh uh so okay so well you know okay I mean tuning tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the I mean um you know I mean okay um so okay um history of the the the the the the the the the the world on today's like um you know so so so like well uh episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We We We We well um well okay uh so okay uh okay We We We We We We talk about building communities around proof of work uh okay like so um uh so I mean uh projects. We talk about masternodes. Masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes. Okay like um okay so okay uh well well. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an okay well so I mean okay I mean okay I mean um epic rant on on on on on on on on on on the inclusion um okay uh uh so um okay I mean um of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.