Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope like I mean uh okay I mean uh like uh so Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you guys are all having okay well I mean okay I mean uh like uh I mean a lovely lovely week so far now before before before before before before before before so I mean so like well you know so uh so before before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. I mean you know like so you know well like I mean so. So the title of of of of of of of of of of this so well okay uh uh you know well um you know podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. Like well well you know well like um like I mean. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I thought you know, what like so uh I mean you know okay um like I mean uh catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, okay uh well um so you know I mean um you know stuff, stuff, stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. Well you know um okay I mean you know okay uh um. But then as as as as as as as as as as I recorded the uh I mean well okay I mean um uh okay well past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the well I mean well um uh like you know so okay the the the the the the the the the theme of this podcast should be. So uh so well I mean so okay okay so. So if you know notice a lot of the things that that that that that okay well you know okay um well I mean um so that that that that that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing well okay you know so um I mean okay okay uh up and things we we we we we we we we we we deal you know like so uh you know um well you know you know with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the okay okay like uh well okay well okay so the the the the the the the the the new title of the podcast will so um so um so you know uh uh so be basically growing up. I finally figure out out out out out out out out uh I mean you know like well like I mean well like out out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing um like so uh well well so I mean okay up is going to to to to to to to to to to be well I mean so okay I mean I mean like okay okay having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think think okay so um well well well uh so so think think think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.