Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. You know like so uh okay I mean so uh um. Announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement. I wanted to let you all okay okay well well uh I mean well like okay know that we have joined the Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic okay okay like okay um so okay so I mean podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related like like okay well uh uh uh um well as as as as as as as as as as you know, I like so okay well like um well um I mean am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well Well Well Well you know um uh I mean well um um well okay Well Well Well Well Well Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a like so well like so uh okay well I mean super fan of many kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds so uh I mean so you know like you know I mean like of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of of um okay so uh so so okay like I mean of of of of of of of of self-care. So we're really excited to I mean like uh you know I mean uh I mean so well be a part of this community. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're like I mean well well um I mean I mean uh I mean you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic network. I mean like well well like like well you know so. It It It It It It It It It It includes one of my very like okay you know uh so I mean uh um I mean favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um you know you know you know um um uh okay like podcast podcast podcast podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on uh uh well so you know you know like uh like it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.