What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So well so I mean so so well um I mean I mean So So So So So So So So I made a post the other day you know um um uh well um um um so about the you know, I even even even even even even even even even even you know um okay I mean well okay like like I mean made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here okay so like well okay so um you know like here here here here here here here here here maybe but about you know, your gym well um I mean well like okay like like like not being the best our today, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, uh well okay okay uh I mean you know I mean okay know, know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule like you know okay I mean you know you know so you know I mean and I made made made made made made made made made made this Instagram post and um like so uh I mean okay I mean uh okay I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. Groups groups groups well well you know like um you know I mean um um groups groups groups groups groups groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the like um I mean uh uh uh you know well well feedback was was was mixed and one individual this this this this this this this uh so like well well okay okay uh um this this this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. Uh well okay I mean like like okay like okay. I apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize Rob if I'm fucking okay okay um I mean so um well like like that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you you you you you know well uh you know like so I mean so um you you you you you you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I like so um like I mean you know well um you know think this argument is pointless. I I I I I I I I I I um like um you know I mean you know um uh so don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree agree you know well like you know you know okay well so um agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree with it which was but he uh you know you know like um okay so uh well reached out to me and show me a a a a a a a a a uh like like I mean so well like okay um a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an uh uh well so okay you know uh uh so audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio message and explain my position like uh I mean like so um okay um okay and you know next thing, you know, we're back and and and and uh you know okay uh uh uh you know I mean uh and and and and and and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know uh so um um um um well uh you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.