It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to like like okay you know well you know so well you know be telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling you about my favorite app, you know well I mean uh so like uh well well which is Anchor. It's the best app to to to to to to to you know okay I mean uh you know okay I mean okay like to to to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use um I mean okay uh well uh you know uh I mean your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone computer or any you know you know um well like okay well okay I mean other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, uh uh um well you know you know like like okay podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get uh okay you know uh uh well like uh uh your your your your your your your your your your podcast more exposure and I mean you know like well um so okay so I mean to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need need need need okay I mean uh so you know you know I mean well so need need need need need need in one place and it is the best platform like uh I mean you know like you know you know well like to create. Any type of of of of of of of of of of uh um so I mean I mean uh well I mean um podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've uh uh uh like uh okay uh uh um done. This This This This This This This This This This is Braden. It's well um you know um well uh um like I mean a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I I I I I I well um like um okay well well so like I I I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going like um okay like okay uh you know I mean like going going going going going going going going going to talk about the combine that uh like like well you know so well so okay just happened and how the Panthers are going to to to to to to to to so so so uh I mean uh uh um so to to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.