Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News um well like so okay so okay well I mean News News News News News News News News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much okay I mean so well like well okay so well of Stephanie on the new season of of of of of of of of of like uh you know um so um so uh you know of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia so uh you know okay well okay well you know you know that that that that that that that that that that her girlfriend from the show you know well uh you know well um like I mean uh lives in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware um uh I mean uh I mean like you know uh well unaware unaware unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about I mean um so uh so I mean okay well um Stephanie though is that she she she she she she she she she she sells well like I mean okay like well so you know uh naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has well uh um you know you know you know uh like so content. Content content content content content content content content content. That's a bit risque. It I mean uh so so you know you know like so you know seems some people may have found this out though as as as as as as um uh like okay like I mean um okay well as as as as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out um I mean I mean you know okay like okay so you know she states that that that that that that that that that that she is not so um well you know well I mean okay you know like ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed so like like uh so so um uh I mean financed financed financed financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also like like okay well like so I mean um okay helped her income in in in in in in in in in in general. Like okay you know you know I mean uh like like I mean. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator creator like uh uh I mean so you know you know um okay creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be okay you know you know um um I mean well like you know everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I I I I I I I uh okay okay you know okay uh like you know I mean I I I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be uh okay you know I mean uh okay you know well like allowed to do do do do do do do do do do whatever she wants well um um I mean um well okay so well with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just just just just um you know I mean well uh well well well um just just just just just just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.