Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this well I mean I mean um okay I mean you know uh uh this this this this this this this this this stuff? You haven't heard okay so uh like you know you know uh uh well about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it it it it it it you know well you know so um you know well well okay it it it it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast I mean well um I mean uh I mean you know like I mean really so well, first of of of of of of of of of of uh I mean um like like you know so well you know all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we you know okay okay you know uh uh okay so you know we we we we we we we we we just dumping the audio on the um I mean uh so I mean you know well uh um Internet or is there a ways to do things things things things things things well like well okay uh so like okay um things things things things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow like well um um okay so well so okay you to record and edit your your your your your your your your you know I mean like like well like like well um your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so uh um okay um okay I mean I mean like okay awesome. Yes. Now is is is is is is is is is is it? It uh um uh well well like well I mean you know just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post post post well okay um uh um I mean uh okay you know post post post post post post post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute okay well well like well okay uh um you know it out so I can be be be be be be be be be so okay you know okay um um I mean you know I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't uh uh like uh you know well like like uh have to do anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything but post uh like you know okay uh okay okay well uh it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off off off uh you know okay like I mean well you know like well off off off off off off off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting so um like I mean you know like uh so well with your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership so like um uh I mean okay I mean okay well listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is like you know um okay um like uh well so awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. So what you're saying is uh well like okay you know okay like like I mean it's everything you need to to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so like well uh so uh I mean you know podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.