Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you well okay um I mean well uh like so like with us us us us us us us us us us again. And it's the so I mean well you know well you know um I mean uh whole crew here today and we're going to do do do do do do do um uh like well like well like I mean you know do do do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other well okay well like I mean well um uh okay day that we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been like like you know you know okay you know I mean uh uh at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or or like um you know like um well okay uh like or or or or or or or or something. Maybe it maybe that's so so so so so like you know um like wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to to to to to to so so you know um I mean okay like okay like to to to to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are well okay I mean well I mean I mean like well you know not correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct often speak for okay I mean so like so you know you know well I mean yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the the the the the um so so like like okay so you know you know the the the the the show, but that just has because we do is like so okay you know uh well well uh okay almost zero prep. We just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind uh so okay uh like okay I mean so you know of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I like well uh well I mean I mean uh uh like think think think think think think think think think think most of the time we so okay uh you know you know uh so like okay do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from from from from from so I mean like like you know uh um you know I mean from from from from from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't well um like um so okay okay well so think it's ever happened to glenn. Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn um well uh well you know um well uh like Glenn Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.