Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so well well so okay okay well uh okay like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you okay uh uh you know so well uh like like to download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to well well so I mean okay um I mean you know um to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So so um I mean so I mean well um uh well easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did well okay um I mean well so so okay you know not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had had had I mean like okay like I mean well uh uh um had had had had had had had only known it like five ten years I mean okay so um well I mean you know okay um before early because all I need to to to to to to to to to to so you know uh okay um okay okay like um do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just like you know uh okay okay uh so you know I mean click click click click click click click click click click post and anchor will do well like you know uh so you know like um like all the job for me. It will publish it it it it it it it uh uh okay so um okay so so I mean it it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available um I mean so I mean well okay you know okay you know and I do do do do do do do do do do not need I mean like I mean okay uh um you know um so to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You You You You You like uh so okay uh you know so I mean uh You You You You You also need to make use of it. If you have a uh like like you know well I mean you know I mean um message if if if if if if if if if if you have some come content, okay you know you know you know so like I mean well I mean which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world world so um well okay okay well you know like okay world world world world world world or simply want to post something make okay okay like okay I mean um well okay well sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back back back back back back back like well uh I mean like um okay I mean well back back back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.