Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's you know I mean well okay so um like you know you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm using you know so well well okay I mean okay like so it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free well uh so like you know um uh um like free free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app um okay I mean like you know well okay like I mean that allow you to edit your your your your your your your your your your uh so well uh so um you know you know you know podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to so I mean um okay I mean well so um um Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and many more okay I mean okay you know I mean okay you know okay I mean without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make make okay um like like uh uh so so well make make make make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, okay I mean um so so you know um so okay which is also great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta I mean I mean well I mean you know I mean you know so you know gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need like so um okay you know okay okay well so to do do do do do do do do do do all one place and to okay you know I mean I mean okay okay you know you know um download the app go to anchor on the App App App App App like um like I mean you know okay you know um um App App App App App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get you know you know so so so okay I mean um so in the madness. Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, yo you know uh so I mean well so you know I mean like yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in in in so I mean okay you know okay uh I mean okay um in in in in in in in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep you know well you know you know um okay okay okay I mean it up. Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep doing what you're so um uh I mean well I mean um um okay doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.