Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on you know well I mean well so uh um I mean well the the the the the the the the the the boys podcast before we get I mean well uh like well um so well uh this episode Ron. I really do want to to to to to to to to I mean I mean okay I mean well like so so uh to to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. Uh I mean so you know so like I mean well I mean. I have have have have have have have have have have a script I will admit. So so I mean you know like you know uh you know um uh if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest I mean so okay well I mean well well like well easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. So like so well okay well okay you know um. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you know okay like well like uh um you know you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean you know uh you know like well like I mean uh Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for um you know I mean okay I mean uh uh okay uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A A A A A A I mean like I mean you know you know well okay I mean I mean A A A A podcast my bad and many more you can make money like like well you know uh like um so so from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no I mean like I mean well um well well you know um no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, well uh well okay I mean you know um well like Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like okay well okay I mean you know okay uh uh okay a record record right now and I can just just just just just just you know I mean like okay well like um you know so just just just just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got well like uh um well um like so well it closer. It's just an iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone I mean okay uh you know I mean um like so so like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.