What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll like like well so so okay well so you know talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a few things uh I mean um I mean uh okay um like okay that actually had conversations with some of you you you you you you you you um I mean like like I mean okay so you know uh you you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor well I mean well well I mean well you know you know I mean is why why why why why why why why why why am I not okay you know so you know well okay uh uh like posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in in in in in um I mean so I mean so like uh uh okay in in in in in advance and it's simple reason really I just want like so so like like okay um so uh don't want people cherry-picking the the the the the the the the the the workouts. Okay I mean well you know uh um okay you know well. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like like like like um so like okay well well uh like um like like like like like like that. And so there are days that you can like okay I mean so I mean I mean uh so so make it and days. Days days days days days days days days days. You just can't you know well you know okay well uh so well you know make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. Week you know well well you know like like okay uh uh week week week week week week week week. I don't want you to plan your like like like so so you know uh so uh week to try based off of a certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain you know okay um uh um like like well uh certain certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss so okay um uh I mean uh you know uh uh kind of of of of of of of of of of in the first podcast I mean uh so um well like um I mean okay about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.