If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let like uh like um uh so so well uh Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a uh um um you know well I mean like okay um creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit so uh um so like you know uh well well edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute uh so you know so like uh uh um okay your podcast for you. You you you you you you you you you. So like like uh well so um like I mean you know it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like okay like okay well I mean you know you know um make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with you know well I mean like well I mean um so I mean no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts um so so okay you know like well I mean um podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle okay um uh I mean I mean okay like so um up or good Echo the FM to to to to to to to to to um like I mean well okay okay okay you know so to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so you know you know you know uh okay okay well so you know excited about about about about about about about about about about talking I mean I mean well um you know well okay um okay to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. I mean okay like like you know well like like okay. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because you know uh you know okay well uh like okay so I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money you know um so you know you know I mean so um uh money money money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing I mean so okay so I mean well I mean okay you know Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life life life life well well so well I mean uh um so okay your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.