Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny well um uh you know well you know um uh so england. England England England England England England England England England. Join us as we so you know um well uh okay uh um well discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your your well like well like so so uh okay well your your your your your your your your D6 and get ready for well um I mean well uh well uh okay um the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My My My My My My well like like I mean you know well so okay okay My My My My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one you know so um I mean well uh so uh I mean and only only only only only only only only only only Ben Curry well so well like so you know like I mean like to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's It's It's It's like uh so um well I mean so so uh It's It's It's It's It's It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I I mean so um um well um uh um like listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts so is so so so you know well um um okay you know it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe okay I mean um so okay well uh well well Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe I should turn to be like this really okay well so you know um uh you know okay so quickly is that you know, my my my my my my my my my my dulcet so uh I mean like I mean you know uh okay um tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, know, well uh uh so I mean well like you know you know know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, get get the Full Effect one more in uh like uh like I mean I mean like uh you know gram or it cram more of of of of of of of of of of okay I mean well okay I mean I mean I mean like like me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.