Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson well you know uh so like you know like okay um lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson on English to tell you a well you know well well like um uh um um little bit about something called anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is like like um so I mean well you know well uh is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you uh you know well okay you know um uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you are listening to me right now, it's because you know um I mean like you know like um well so of anchor now. What is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay um you know okay I mean so uh you know um anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create um so like so you know I mean I mean um so and and and and and and and and and and record and edit. Build your like uh okay uh well you know uh um you know podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay okay you know um I mean you know okay I mean so anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track um uh I mean like you know okay so like you know down apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and like uh like you know you know uh you know I mean so Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind well um you know well okay okay uh um I mean kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of click the button and it so uh okay like um um well um uh goes all by itself. You can can can can can can can can um I mean um I mean you know so well um okay can can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right uh okay okay I mean like so okay uh I mean right right right right right right right right right now is an ad that uh okay okay I mean like I mean you know you know um I've written for them so that I can can can can can can I mean so I mean so I mean you know I mean so you know can can can can make a little bit of money off of this okay you know well uh well you know okay you know I mean podcast. That's why it's free, right? right right right right right right right okay you know um um like okay um um I mean right right I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.