Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let uh you know well you know um like like okay well let let let let let let let let me tell you about anchor it's the like like so well okay like well I mean okay easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Uh um so I mean well you know so so um. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation you know well uh like okay so um uh so creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you uh okay I mean so okay um um well well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone like um I mean well you know like I mean well well phone phone phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going well so like well uh okay uh like uh to to to to to to to to to to be heard on well well uh so you know um so I mean I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on on on um uh you know um okay um I mean um uh on on on on on on on growing and you can make money from your well so you know you know um so uh okay you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you like you know uh um I mean so like uh okay you you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get like like like uh well okay um well I mean started today start start start start start start start start start start your podcast get you know so you know okay well uh okay like you know your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to to to to like okay like you know so uh so well you know to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and okay you know uh okay well you know I mean well so now a word about Spotify on spotify. Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify spotify. I mean like um okay like okay like well I mean. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts uh uh you know you know so so um so you know about about about about about about about about about about artists all in one you know I mean well like okay so okay uh so place for free. You don't even need a premium account account account account account so so like I mean like you know you know okay uh account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including okay okay like uh like so uh um so the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.