Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes writes okay I mean I mean you know you know so okay like you know writes writes writes writes writes writes writes writes after they get out of school about how well I mean like like like well like okay well they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish wish wish wish wish wish well like like you know well uh so you know like wish wish wish wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why like I mean so um uh um well I mean well didn't somebody teach them do do do do do do do do do do their so I mean you know um like you know you know uh I mean taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math math math math math so you know well I mean well so uh you know um math math math math math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you uh well um I mean okay so you know so so how to add and subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract subtract numbers. Like you know okay I mean uh well uh you know well. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you you so like like um so I mean like well you know you you you you you you you you add some together, you subtract some uh uh well okay you know I mean so well well the Part about that is you were taught how to to to to to to you know okay you know like uh like you know I mean well to to to to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You you know okay so okay like so um um like were supposed to to to to to to to to to to read them. You read like uh you know like like well okay well uh those directions and you follow them. So you were taught taught taught taught taught I mean like like I mean um well um okay I mean taught taught taught taught taught that in school that was in elementary school the so like um I mean um like uh well like fact that you can't follow directions and and and and and and and like I mean um uh well okay so uh um and and and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. You know you know like you know uh uh like you know so. It It It It It It It It It It just means that you can't do I mean I mean okay so uh uh okay you know well simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.