You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's okay you know well okay so uh so like I mean It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't know what it uh so I mean okay you know okay you know so well is. Like the power of music music music music music music music music music I mean uh so you know well okay like I mean okay music is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. So like well um well so uh um um. I I I I I I I I I I have never met a um you know like uh you know you know um you know I mean lot of the three babies we have he is the one one one one one um okay I mean I mean um like um I mean so one one one one one he is the one that loves music so much he will um well well um you know um like I mean well walk by the the the the the the the the the the what is that so like uh so well uh uh okay like and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him him him him um I mean okay so so uh so well uh him him him him him him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held uh like like you know I mean okay um uh okay down. He loves music. He He He He He He He He He He loved music so well well I mean you know you know like so well so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he he he um well so okay um um you know well um he he he he he he he will start screaming until he does the reason I mean I mean um well um like like okay well why we're talking about this as like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, so um you know well so you know I mean um like like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're so uh so uh uh you know um you know so going to how how how how how how how how how how like okay I mean like like okay so I mean um we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's uh you know I mean like um okay um you know okay like like like like like like like like like like are you a I mean um um okay um okay so you know well little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.