Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like well you know so okay uh so you know uh a a a a a a a a a a podcast Let Me Explain real like you know like like you know like um so like quick first, it's free. How could you get anything anything anything anything anything anything okay I mean so um uh well I mean I mean uh anything anything anything anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow okay you know okay I mean well I mean I mean uh you know you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your um uh um so so you know um well like podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also also also uh so you know well like so okay like uh also also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know so so you know um well like uh uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like so um um well so so like so podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with so you know well you know uh like okay like uh with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's like I mean I mean I mean like um um I mean you know everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free uh well I mean you know uh okay um you know like free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f I mean you know so I mean um um you know um like m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's I mean well you know I mean you know you know you know you know well that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys boys okay like well so I mean um uh like um boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys and be immersed by the boys. Uh like like so uh uh you know uh well. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, three, three, three, you know I mean you know I mean I mean you know so well so three, three, three, three, three, three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully well so I mean well so okay like okay well week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.