Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell I mean I mean well I mean uh you know um uh I mean that that that that that that that that that that devil who you are today. You know I mean like I mean uh uh well I mean like. I woke up and I told the devil who I am am am am am am um like so so you know um so you know I mean am am am am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head like so um well you know like well uh well of all principality and and and and and and and and and you know um okay you know um like uh so um and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of sin um okay um like like you know so um like and and and and and and and and and and death. I am far from so like so uh um so okay you know you know oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am am am am am am am like okay so okay so uh you know um okay am am am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. Okay you know I mean um um um so I mean well. I Am Without Without Without Without Without Without Without Without Without Without Blame before like I mean so well well you know I mean so so him in love. Love I am in right standing with the father. So um you know um you know well okay um I mean. I I I I I I I I I I have the mind of Christ. I um um uh um you know well I mean you know okay have the peace of God that surpasses all all all all all all all all um so so like okay so I mean um um all all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Okay um I mean like well so okay uh okay. I I I I I I I I I I have received the power of the you know um okay well um so well okay okay Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and and and and and and and okay well um so so so okay I mean uh and and and put on the new I have been given and it's been like okay well like like you know uh you know so given to to to to to to to to to to me. I have like so like uh well okay well well well no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to to to I mean like okay I mean like so okay okay well to to to to to to to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.