What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is adam. Adam like you know well um you know like I mean uh I mean Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam. I am your host. Thank you I mean okay well so um like uh so uh to everybody who listened to the last episode and and and and and and okay like okay uh like okay I mean so so and and and and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So you know I mean so okay um um like um. So on this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, I'm like well okay I mean so you know so um you know going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm okay like so well um okay uh um you know trying to to to to to to to to to to put together this like um I mean um well I mean so um so okay algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of of of of of like well well so um okay um so um of of of of of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess like you know so you know like you know well like you know is the best way to put put put put put put put okay you know um um um um I mean you know uh put put put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about well so you know you know you know I mean like well like in the past past past past past past past past past past I uh you know okay well um I mean I mean well you know talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan fan fan fan so uh you know you know okay uh you know so uh fan fan fan fan fan fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the uh um uh I mean well I mean I mean okay um Bowman Prospect cards the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones with uh you know so well well well you know so you know the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA PSA PSA uh um so I mean I mean so um uh like PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of okay well like okay like uh um uh like those specific cards, so Here's basically what I I I I I I I I okay you know well okay okay well so like well I I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I so well well I mean um I mean I mean you know um use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.