Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of of so okay um well uh you know so so I mean of of of of of of of of Tales from the Crypt sat down with like I mean you know you know so like you know so well our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh well I mean I mean I mean okay you know um you know about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are are are well like uh uh well um like I mean so are are are are are are are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now um I mean so okay like okay well um uh particularly this week in American American American American American American American American American American markets well you know um so well like okay you know like globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick well like I mean so so so well okay well one always always always always always always always always always always bullish bullish as always with I mean um okay I mean you know like uh well okay our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you you you you you you um well um uh like I mean okay um uh you you you you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was uh like I mean okay well well okay uh you know actually had a friend reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out okay I mean like so well like you know okay okay to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was was was um well I mean um well okay like you know I mean was was was was was was was like, ah, let's see easiest way to uh I mean so uh well um I mean like uh buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that that that that that that that that um like you know well you know I mean I mean so you know that that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest I mean you know you know you know you know well you know uh um easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He so okay you know uh so okay uh well well had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed okay I mean uh so okay uh um okay uh refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone uh okay uh like so uh okay like like showing them how to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I um uh I mean I mean okay I mean like um you know did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.