A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own like well um you know I mean okay so um like own own own own own own own own podcast piece of advice for you. I mean like you know okay well you know like okay you know. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for for for for for uh well uh well so uh uh okay I mean for for for for for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you so uh I mean uh um uh um I mean um to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your okay like so uh I mean so so I mean like podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to to well um I mean well well um uh you know uh to to to to to to to to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it um okay uh uh like like well uh okay gives you an opportunity to monetize your your your your your your your your your well so well okay um um okay uh you know your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the so I mean um um so um okay okay I mean free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go okay um so so uh like like I mean um to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. Back back back back um okay I mean uh um you know well um okay back back back back back. So been a couple days since I did my so like I mean you know um okay well I mean I mean last podcast as well as as as as as as as as as as my I mean so okay okay uh okay I mean um so last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things uh uh okay you know well um so uh well things things things things things things things things things kind of surrounding that that's I mean so so I mean okay you know I mean so like you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel so I mean um okay um I mean okay you know uh channel channel channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been okay you know you know so I mean well like okay you know that way way way way way way way way way way since you know, well I mean you know okay well okay well so so January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about about about about about about so like you know like you know you know you know um I mean about about about about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think like well like uh okay like uh so okay that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.