Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I mean uh uh okay like okay uh uh well I I I I I I I I I have. Um, I'm here with you know so you know okay you know uh uh like so Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing so like okay okay uh you know I mean uh like doing doing I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 you know you know well well uh okay like so I mean March. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, you know, it was okay you know uh okay well you know so uh okay a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had had had well I mean I mean like well well so you know so had had had had had had had to ask you a question about uh um uh okay well I mean like uh okay leap year. What did you ask me to to to to to to to uh okay well like well uh uh uh okay to to to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the um um like uh like so um like well kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid kid whose dad his birthday like so like I mean uh well uh well you know was that we'd always teased that he had his dad dad dad dad dad dad okay well well um like I mean uh uh like dad dad dad dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of okay uh you know you know so well well like um that that that that that that that that that that once that's interesting and it's well uh um like you know uh like like um whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you you you you you you well uh well I mean um like like so okay you you you you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently I mean you know I mean okay well uh you know um you know they celebrate it on the the the the the the the the the the 28th okay well okay so so I mean so um well or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. Weird weird you know uh uh so well so I mean I mean you know weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.