Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show show you know you know okay you know um um you know I mean uh show show show show show show show show for you guys today Beauty right um um you know um uh well I mean um well boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. Today today today today today like um um okay okay I mean well like you know today today today today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the like so so you know well you know you know well um Savage on this chord? chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord That's uh well so so well well uh um well great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update update you know like like well like I mean uh okay I mean update update update update update update update update two episodes in we not the okay uh uh okay you know so um okay like not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're uh so like so okay you know um well you know we're we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars well well okay um so well um so okay dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars and was a $5. That's so you know uh I mean like so well you know you know the point that I think we can probably Go to to to to to like I mean I mean like uh I mean like so so to to to to to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really um I mean well I mean you know uh well you know like awesome. We can buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy well so I mean okay I mean well um okay I mean a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a uh I mean I mean I mean like so I mean I mean well a a a a a a a a a beef stick or this that like I mean I mean um I mean uh you know you know like oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts darts darts darts darts darts okay uh well like like you know well well you know darts darts darts darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. Well um I mean um like so well um you know. So this is the the the the the the the the the so I mean I mean so um okay I mean well like the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the um I mean I mean uh you know okay I mean um I mean boy likes five five five five five five five five five five people what I mean okay you know I mean you know so so I mean well could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.