What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever okay well well um I mean okay like um uh ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever considered starting a podcast now is um I mean uh like um I mean you know well uh definitely the time anchor is definitely the place place place place place place place place place you know I mean well I mean uh well uh I mean like place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast well I mean um you know uh I mean you know I mean well and and and and and and and and and and get it up and running. I mean um um so so uh like okay I mean. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the the the the the the um so I mean uh like so like I mean well the the the the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify um okay like okay uh okay like I mean you know Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many uh so I mean um okay um okay I mean well other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my uh you know uh um I mean you know well you know well my my my my my my my my my phone from my computer. It doesn't like like um uh so uh okay um well really matter. Whatever. Why I want to to to to to to to to you know well I mean you know uh you know you know so so to to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you know um so well uh uh um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you with sponsorships. They helped me um I mean okay so you know you know uh uh so with so much. They literally do it. All All All All All All All All well you know I mean I mean you know I mean I mean like I mean All All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a okay so like so you know um well like I mean beginner for a pro. Pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro pro. Okay uh like um so uh so like I mean. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor Anchor well you know okay I mean you know uh okay uh I mean Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download I mean I mean I mean uh um well like uh like the app today. It's free, or or or or or or or or or or you so well well um like you know well you know um can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.