Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This um you know like well uh you know okay okay you know is is is is is is is is is is just March. This is march. Okay I mean um so uh uh okay like uh. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have have have have have well I mean I mean like like so I mean okay okay have have have have have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high I mean well you know well I mean you know okay um okay bar on the the the the the the the the the the show. You know like so uh um you know like well uh. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest greatest uh like so well you know uh like you know um greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest month that we have uh well uh well so um you know I mean so on the calendar and as I've always stated it is is is is is is um like um well I mean well I mean um well is is is is the goal of this show to give the college basketball you know I mean I mean you know you know uh you know so like fan the best coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage that uh like so well okay you know okay like um he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the okay you know okay okay like well uh well okay the the the the the the the the the idea of transcending a well like so so so well so I mean you know space and you think about the great speeches that we have have have have I mean you know okay I mean um so well you know you know have have have have have have had in our great country. History President Kennedy you know like I mean so well okay well uh well being sworn into office some of of of of of of of of of uh uh well so I mean I mean I mean uh like of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that well so so like um I mean um uh okay that that that that that that that that that brought me on the ride over you know uh uh well so I mean you know so so to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.