Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs okay I mean so um like um like I mean uh Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a um like I mean um um you know um uh well story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit visit visit visit visit um um uh well uh um so okay um visit visit visit visit visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see okay like well I mean you know so okay so so her spending habits the author of the article article article article article article like uh well um uh so like so like article article article article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a okay well okay okay like um you know you know um couple of weeks of of of of of of of of of of financial reflection. Uh so well you know well uh like um um. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved loved well um uh uh like okay you know well like loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved to save money that realization helped her I mean you know okay okay uh um um uh I mean get past Financial anxiety and helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped okay I mean well okay um uh I mean so so her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about about about like you know uh okay so okay okay so uh about about about about about about about an hour they discussed her background shared screens okay uh um so um I mean I mean okay well to look at a monthly credit card statement statement statement statement statement statement statement so so okay well well I mean I mean well I mean statement statement statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended okay um um well I mean you know I mean you know so to help her her her her her her her her her her prepare and well uh well I mean okay I mean uh you know so save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full full full full um like uh well um okay well okay um full full full full full full of wise advice on how to handle and how um so I mean uh okay um okay I mean so to view Money In fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact money okay well well like you know so like you know well is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we we um uh like uh I mean you know okay so um we we we we we we we we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth you know so um I mean um well um um like from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.