Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a like like so you know like you know so you know uh a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks due to uh I mean I mean you know um so uh like okay some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that that that that that that that that that okay I mean um okay like like uh I mean well that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we you know uh well okay okay I mean so I mean so did did did did did did did did did did promise that it would be worth I mean I mean okay okay okay well uh okay okay the wait. So before we get into it it it it it it it it well like I mean well like so um so um it it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike well well I mean you know well okay so okay like as as as as as as as as as as always so m. Um okay I mean you know you know I mean um well like. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am am so you know well like like so um so you know am am am am am am am am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine so I mean I mean I mean okay you know you know I mean um pretty much make sure the world world world world world world world world world so like like so so so so okay uh world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we we okay like you know so I mean uh so so I mean we we we we we we we we are honored and excited to be okay so okay well you know so um you know I mean joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a a a a a a a like you know well uh you know well well okay okay a a a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm you know I mean I mean I mean you know you know I mean so well not just saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying this because I mean so okay you know I mean you know I mean so I mean he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. Well well like you know I mean like you know you know you know you know uh well well well well well well well. It is one of my favorite I mean um so uh well like okay well like reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.