Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly so um so so okay so um um so about about about about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can uh um well uh you know you know so so I mean listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and well uh uh well okay I mean so I mean well and and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium I mean you know so uh okay okay uh uh like account account account account account account account account account account and that is great um so you know I mean um okay so like well because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little little little little like um well you know I mean okay like I mean well little little little little little little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow so okay so you know uh so well well okay your favorite podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never um I mean I mean uh so uh you know you know so miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on on you know um um okay I mean um like okay well on on on on on on on on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes like you know um you know um you know um like you know to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and and and and like well okay you know you know so well I mean you know whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The uh like uh um um um like uh well apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but this one I mean uh you know um uh like well okay like is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download download download download download download download well um I mean I mean like you know like um well download download download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts I mean uh I mean so okay uh um I mean well in in in in in in in in in in the you are well uh okay okay I mean you know uh um well Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. There there there well so you know like well like okay um like there there there there there there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living well um I mean um you know like like you know um advice. That being said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, let's okay I mean you know uh I mean uh um I mean like get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living living living living okay so well uh so uh like so so living living living living living living advice the podcast where we take any questions so I mean um so uh like well well I mean you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.