Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard uh well so like well like like I mean um towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards Ascension. So you don't have um like well uh um I mean okay um so to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am am am am am am you know uh uh so uh uh okay so so am am am am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk like uh uh you know like um like uh okay about the dream speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers in another I mean like like like okay uh okay so I mean episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it it it it um I mean you know uh like like you know uh uh it it it it it it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry I mean so uh like well like like you know so how you doing. I am doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing you know um okay you know like so you know you know you know fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo woo woo uh like okay you know like so well uh well woo woo woo woo woo woo woo Kang now we talked for almost two and well um well uh okay I mean um okay I mean a A half hours just about about about about about about about about about like okay so um um uh well well um about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they like you know like uh I mean you know you know well I mean take take take take take take take take take take it where he takes okay uh so uh I mean uh like like um 18 pages of material and talks about that for two two two two two I mean like um uh uh okay so well uh two two two two two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I well you know I mean um okay like I mean uh um made was I forgot that Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian okay um uh okay so so I mean uh um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. You know um so you know I mean you know um uh okay. So So So So So So So So So So I'm like, let's um uh you know you know well you know like you know um figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm I'm I mean you know so I mean like you know like so so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds like you know so uh you know um so like well good and I work backwards and like I can can can can can can can okay well you know uh well um okay like okay can can can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.