My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree like uh uh I mean okay like um well so tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree planter art for this podcast comes I mean you know okay uh I mean I mean I mean I mean uh from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of of of of of of of like well you know well okay you know okay uh you know of of of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree okay well well you know uh okay well um um planting as as as as as as as as as as a reforestation practice well um okay so um so so um okay in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective collective collective collective collective um okay like you know uh like well like okay collective collective collective collective collective of people who spend much of their lives you know I mean so like you know like I mean uh um replenishing the logged area with New New New New New New New New New New forest. Okay um uh uh you know so well well so. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands you know well like uh like uh uh like uh of of of of of of of of of of seedlings in the ground day uh okay you know well um I mean I mean so I mean after day as a Job, it is about the connections connections connections connections like uh well like like like um so so connections connections connections connections connections connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. Like okay um you know like uh um so um. The dirt is a place to shed shed shed shed shed shed shed so so I mean well like you know okay so like shed shed shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck so okay like okay so like I mean you know well stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck with shovel in I mean you know um well well okay I mean uh uh the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree tree so you know um I mean I mean like so so you know tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree planting as a place for so like like um okay you know uh okay like those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever um like okay you know um uh well you know so wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.