Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and you know um I mean so okay um uh so uh Bollywood and and and and and and and and and and I'm deep red okay so I mean uh okay you know um well um neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know I mean like okay um like uh well well Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, uh like I mean uh so well um so you know we've all gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered here today I mean okay I mean um okay I mean uh you know um to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast podcast podcast well so I mean I mean like you know I mean well uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, okay well so um well you know I mean uh you know that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to to to to to to okay I mean I mean uh I mean uh well you know well to to to to talk about atrás the movie but before we get into Addresses um um um you know you know uh uh uh well when I get this this this this this this this this this this out of you know I mean I mean okay you know uh okay um well the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on on on on uh like you know okay you know so I mean well you know on on on on on on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we well um so you know you know well um I mean you know want you to like share subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe okay well I mean uh I mean like so uh um follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, like um so like you know so so I mean okay which which which which which which which which which which is one of you know well so so I mean like so um so my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do uh I mean like so so so I mean well well do do do do do do do do do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.