Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Kelly like so uh okay like well okay uh you know Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Scheib. For those of you okay I mean okay I mean so you know um well I mean guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my my my my my I mean so like well uh okay um you know uh my my my my my co-host Steve now we are so we had a like you know okay okay like I mean okay okay so plan for today and as as as as as as as as as as is I mean I mean so um well uh so so well typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus virus well okay like like uh I mean um uh well virus virus virus virus virus virus virus virus out there that's causing a okay okay you know so well uh uh um uh lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly so like I mean like I mean uh okay you know I mean incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if I mean uh I mean like like like like you know like it weren't you just in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, california. Okay uh you know so so um like um okay. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is is is I mean uh um okay okay um okay you know well is is is is is is is originated. I think that we need you know well um well okay okay like so uh no well, like have you been watching United United United United United United United United you know uh well I mean I mean so like um okay United United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked you know um I mean I mean um um you know well so at at at at at at at at at at you they haven't even taken taking well you know you know like so so well okay so my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I mean like uh well I mean you know like I mean so glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. Like um uh well uh I mean you know um well. So today we we we we we we we we we we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.