Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your well um well so I mean um you know like well your your your your your your your your your own podcast, but you're not like I mean I mean you know you know I mean um like uh really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the the the the the the the like so you know like okay okay so um um the the the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So uh uh like okay well so you know you know like if if if if if if if if if if you listen to Skinwalker so you know so uh so well okay you know you know radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio audio audio audio okay you know like I mean uh uh so okay okay audio audio audio audio audio audio upload it into anchor and anchor does uh so okay you know like uh um um I mean the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes so uh okay like I mean um uh okay so publishes publishes publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all you know you know so I mean I mean okay um um um those places places places places places places places places places places of people download podcasts and um I mean uh you know um okay I mean uh like it's easy and best of All it's free. So So So So So So So So well so uh uh okay okay you know so um So So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your um so so you know like I mean I mean so well phone today. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for tuning like um um like well well um you know so back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of of you know like okay so well well I mean well um of of of of of of of of you guys listening to the show. Well um you know I mean so uh I mean you know uh. We couldn't do this without you. So be be be be be be okay well okay I mean like um okay so so be be be be sure at the end of the show to leave a review you know you know um uh like uh well uh um join the Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook group follow uh so I mean well you know well so uh okay us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So So uh okay uh um well I mean uh uh so So So So So So So So So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.