I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV you know you know like like like um I mean uh well TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz. Okay like you know I mean uh um uh well so. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy crazy crazy like um okay like like uh uh you know like crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy episode that is what are some good I mean uh so like you know you know uh you know so stuff to talk about tonight. And so far far far far far far far I mean I mean uh well um I mean so well I mean far far far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 um okay so so like well uh I mean well drama mystery. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's so much going you know well like like um well I mean I mean okay on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then then then then then um I mean uh well like well um I mean I mean then then then then then I'm gonna tie up some of the other like I mean uh so I mean I mean well like I mean little things at the end and then of of of of of of of of like um well well I mean um um you know so of of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown like so so like I mean okay uh you know I mean class president. So So So So So So So So So So if you guys well you know you know so I mean you know um so uh have a class clown class present for this episode, please start start start start start start start okay like so so well okay like so uh start start start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am okay you know um so I mean you know uh you know well flying solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo tonight everyone. So like uh um you know I mean well I mean okay I mean please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that that okay uh well okay so you know okay like well that that that that that that that that I can also cut you as you guys you know okay you know I mean well uh you know well like as my co-host because I will be be be be be be be uh um you know uh well you know uh you know well be be be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.