Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your I mean uh I mean so well so you know uh um your your your your your your your your your health Fitness and wants it uh you know like um uh uh like okay so to the next level. It's time to to to to to to to to to um well I mean I mean I mean you know uh okay like to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with with with well like so you know you know well um like well with with with with with with with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement okay you know okay well uh um I mean uh so is medicine. I just rolls off off off off off off off off off off well you know well uh um well okay um okay the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying saying you know well um well you know you know well like uh saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying for the last few weeks. I uh well so um okay so you know so well feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um okay so I mean I mean well like I mean well It's It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we I mean okay um I mean I mean you know you know I mean I mean put on the Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram page I mean you know okay you know you know um so um okay as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and and and and and well well like so okay I mean you know like uh and and and and and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really um I mean okay well um okay um uh okay talk about something that that that that that that that that that that you know okay well well like okay I mean I mean um I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working I mean uh um uh uh you know okay I mean so working working working working working working working working working hard and all well well uh so um you know well you know well of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our our our our you know okay well I mean well so you know um um our our our our our our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your I mean so well well so you know okay I mean like bread and butter, but I'm here for for for for for for for for for um I mean okay well so uh you know so you know for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.