Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to well I mean so so so uh so you know like to to to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and you know um so like uh okay um well like podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a a a a a uh you know so so I mean you know like you know like a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus okay well uh so I mean um I mean okay well plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. Um you know okay you know like like so uh uh. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium uh um uh I mean I mean um uh well like premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily well okay I mean you know so well uh um like share what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to um okay okay um um um well uh I mean with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already already okay well I mean well uh uh I mean well I mean already already already already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search you know like so you know I mean you know um I mean um for Optimal Health daily on on on on on on on on on on Spotify okay uh well okay okay okay like well uh or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. You know I mean so I mean so okay uh uh okay. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode well well you know you know um well okay um so of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily like okay you know you know okay okay um like uh daily daily daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and um so you know so uh um you know you know um other fitness goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals by Rachel well like like um you know like so you know uh Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.