If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast I mean I mean um okay okay um like you know you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation I mean well um well uh like uh um uh tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record well um I mean you know um I mean I mean you know you know record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and I mean I mean okay like um well you know well uh covid distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for okay uh like I mean like okay uh you know okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many okay um well um well you know I mean um uh many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast like I mean uh you know uh uh so well uh with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you you you you you you okay um I mean like I mean like so okay you know you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good um um I mean well um like um well like good good good good good good good good good Echo the FM to get started. Uh well um so well I mean like you know okay. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. Talk talk talk talk talk uh um okay I mean uh I mean uh okay well talk talk talk talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, okay well okay like like well like I mean you know but not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth um okay so I mean you know okay like well I mean means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is is okay like well um you know I mean um well uh is is is is is is is is not just about how much so I mean so you know well I mean I mean well you know money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing establishing establishing establishing so I mean uh uh um okay uh I mean you know establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life okay um like you know like so well you know I mean spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.