Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if okay so um you know so so I mean um I mean you want to to to to to to to to to to stay spoiler-free on uh okay okay okay okay uh I mean like like Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen seen I mean I mean I mean so um I mean so I mean you know seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen in Auburn filming something with a okay um okay like okay okay you know uh you know production crew Link in the description and I along along along along along so I mean so well well so well you know I mean along along along along along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that I mean so so like I mean uh so you know well Maddie was certainly going to be be be be be be be be be you know I mean you know you know uh um okay uh so be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as well okay uh you know uh um I mean well I mean next season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's leading woman. So you know you know so I mean like I mean I mean well I mean let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after after I mean you know like um well I mean so okay well after after after after after after after after production wrapped, but she's like I mean well uh I mean you know okay so you know not the Bachelorette so she has to be the the the the the the the the the well okay you know like okay well um like well the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have have uh uh well uh well uh uh well I mean have have have have have have have have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as like like so like like so like I mean so of right now I see no other explanation unless unless unless unless unless unless unless so okay uh um well um uh okay well unless unless unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments uh I mean well so well um so I mean I mean below. Below below below below below below below below below. That's all I've got for today you know like you know well um so um well you know on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to to to to to to to okay I mean okay um um okay okay um so to to to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier uh like so like you know I mean so you know you know today. Today today today today today today today today today. So check that you know well um so like uh I mean um um out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after after um uh okay okay um uh okay like um after after after after after after after after show live tonight at 7 like so uh you know I mean okay like um okay p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.