And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing like okay um well like um um um um show. So So So So So So So So So So I had a thought you know okay I mean okay like well well um I mean Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner um you know so um I mean well uh okay uh beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't um well you know well so you know um you know so listening in the the the the the the the the the the uh um you know okay okay uh like so so morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of I mean okay uh like um like you know uh well that. That that that that that that that that that. Does it - no you know um you know I mean like okay so like well Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our our our our like well so so uh I mean uh okay so our our our our our our little podcast. We say thanks for okay uh you know um like I mean uh I mean like coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're We're We're We're well okay well you know uh like well you know um We're We're We're We're We're We're really glad you're nice to meet you how you know you know so so like well okay like you know it look like you hit play play play play play play play play play you know well like I mean so I mean um you know you know play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you so uh uh um uh okay so so uh to to to to to to to to to to subscribe and give us um uh so so I mean I mean like um you know five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're uh so well uh uh you know uh so you know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening this morning, you can follow us uh well I mean like okay like like uh uh on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you you you you you you uh um um you know I mean so so okay okay you you you you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.