Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to like well you know well I mean so I mean uh um to to to to to to to to to thank you for your support and um well um you know well uh you know uh well listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy I mean okay I mean so you know uh I mean uh you know enjoy enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to I mean um so well you know okay so okay um make podcast. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free that's creation so so you know I mean um uh you know okay okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from well okay well uh um I mean uh you know like from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your so like um like so like like so um podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can can be so I mean you know uh um you know like um you know heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can well um okay so so um I mean well okay can can can can can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything I mean you know well okay so um um I mean um you need to make a successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful podcast so okay okay uh I mean okay like um uh download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get get get get get get okay I mean you know uh uh you know so so I mean get get get get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps so um I mean you know well um like you know um the oldest question question question question question question question question question question in the book one I mean well well well so uh okay like like that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history history history history uh um so I mean so well you know uh so history history history history history history and one that I think every single human being like you know so I mean so okay so uh like comes face-to-face with individually at at at at at at at at at at some uh okay um okay so well okay so so time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.