Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys well uh like well um I mean well well you know know that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported uh like um well um well so um I mean by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so uh um well like okay like you know so anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain well okay um um so like uh well um it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that you know so well well uh um so well you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from okay well like okay uh so like I mean well from from from from from your phone or computer. I'm doing this so well so um so so okay okay you know ad from my phone as we we we we we we we we we I mean well I mean you know like um uh okay well we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can I mean like like I mean I mean I mean so uh okay be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple I mean okay like uh you know well okay you know I mean podcasts and many more you can make money from your your your your your your you know like um um you know uh like okay you know your your your your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't you know I mean like well so okay you know okay um talk. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to like well well you know um I mean so so um make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like um okay okay uh I mean okay um like Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get so I mean well okay um I mean you know okay I mean started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode episode episode episode episode um I mean so I mean well well okay okay well episode episode episode episode episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with um you know I mean you know like I mean okay so so a combine recap talking about how how how how how how how how how how okay you know um well well so uh okay like our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.