You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British you know I mean uh so well well like I mean I mean Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council for more information about the well well uh well okay well I mean um you know British Council or the language assistance program, please visit visit visit visit visit so uh so you know okay you know I mean like like visit visit visit visit visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola well well um um uh you know you know I mean I mean and welcome to the language assistance podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean well so uh like so I mean um I mean podcast podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to well uh like you know you know okay like you know okay our program and and and and and and and and and and Beyond today. I'm um uh I mean so so I mean uh you know well joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues I mean uh okay well like okay you know you know well colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from you know so so um um uh well well uh different departments. We are all linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked linked like well um like well so um like I mean to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working you know uh so okay so well well okay uh working working working working working working working working working on the team. So to so uh well uh well uh well um um start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base base base base like you know I mean so like you know like um like base base base base base base and what team you are in? Stop with you know like so uh um uh I mean like you know you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean you know well you know uh so okay you know okay I'm I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.