I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the I mean I mean uh so well you know okay um I mean fact that that that that that that that that that that someone created um okay like well um like okay okay uh pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and and and so well you know like like so well like uh and and and and and and and actually really fell in love with it. Um uh well well well so well uh I mean. A lot of them are just really fantastic. Fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic I mean like like so okay um um um like fantastic fantastic fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to like so well um you know um well so you know be doing this this this this this this this this this this in our uh okay well uh I mean well so like uh backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of you know like well you know like okay you know uh uh professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. So okay well um uh well uh so uh. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um uh so so I mean okay um like well podcast podcast podcast podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs I mean um uh well you know so um so well a website visible dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dot um you know um you know you know um I mean so like CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is is I mean well like um I mean so well you know I mean is is is is is is is is a big user of picks uh like I mean well okay uh uh uh um in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome welcome welcome welcome so uh you know um um uh so you know okay welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the uh okay you know okay like like uh uh um amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each each each each each each each each each each you know well like okay I mean you know okay like you know week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.