People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy well you know uh um uh okay you know you know like to be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this. I mean decent uh so okay uh uh like okay um you know Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast I mean so I mean you know uh well so like I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast but on my YouTube channel, like um um uh like um uh uh like we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a a a a a a um uh you know so well I mean well I mean I mean a a a a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you well well um you know um well like uh you know feel like you've accomplished something with with with with with with with with with with me um like so so well so so I mean uh because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say say like so well you know uh uh like well okay say say say say say say say say a big thank you to look for well okay uh so I mean uh okay I mean like a line it to be be be be be be be be be be possible so so okay well so um like okay so if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff stuff well you know well um um like well okay like stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff in on YouTube. Then you might I mean um um like like I mean you know uh okay as well start. Do I need to to to to to to to you know so well uh um uh I mean um I mean to to to spell out to you why you need to start listening I mean so well I mean you know well okay okay I mean to that YouTube content come come come come come come come come come come I mean I mean uh like um well like like okay on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say say um so okay so um so okay um well say say say say say say say say a lots happened in football, but a like you know like okay so you know you know okay okay lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. Steal steal steal steal steal steal like so I mean okay um like I mean you know you know steal steal steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a uh uh um I mean well well well so I mean fine. I I I I I I I I I I believe due to allegedly uh you know so I mean uh well um okay you know calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.