What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. Podcasts podcasts I mean well like so well uh I mean um uh podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Um uh like okay okay um okay you know I mean. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi Desi um I mean I mean um uh like like well so Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll so like uh well okay uh uh like well has has has has has has has has has has ended up getting you know well like you know uh um um you know like the W girls going to be talking about who we think think think I mean so well uh so well well okay I mean think think think think think think think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's so so like I mean I mean you know uh I mean um four teams that we think that could could could could could could could I mean um well like you know uh like I mean like could could could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might um like uh um I mean um you know you know so be and then then then then then then then then then then we're going um you know uh like okay like okay like you know to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about about about about about uh well um uh well I mean um like okay about about about about about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk like well I mean um you know uh you know uh so about that a little little little little little little little little little little bit. I mean I mean um um you know you know I mean you know like. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it it you know I mean you know well I mean uh uh um you know it it it it it it it it Saint Rose had a long I mean uh well okay you know okay okay so like week this week the Reversed North Central College and and and and and and and you know uh well uh okay uh well like I mean and and and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and um like um you know well okay um um well st. Francis. And now today today today today today today today today today today they're so uh um you know okay well I mean um um playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.