So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner partner um okay I mean I mean you know you know I mean uh okay partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner has another partner that person well okay well you know well well you know well like by the way, for those of you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like you know you know um so um well so um don't don't know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special uh um I mean okay so so okay you know okay word word word word word word word word word word for your partner's partner. So uh you know well okay like um like um. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone someone someone someone someone well well I mean I mean well I mean uh you know uh someone someone someone someone someone you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have you know well I mean like you know I mean well uh so a metamour and you you you you you you you you you you want to you know um okay you know so uh um I mean well know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Them them them them um uh okay okay well like okay you know you know them them them them them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that well well you know you know okay uh well you know okay you can can can can can can can can can can be on such good so so well you know well you know um um you know terms with your metamour that the two of you could could could could could could um okay well you know I mean well well so so could could could could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and well I mean like so okay well well uh I mean have a cup of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and like you know okay I mean uh okay like I mean like hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on well okay I mean okay I mean um like well um on on on on on on on on on your partner from time to so like okay so like so um okay um time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.