Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with with like you know like so so you know um like so with with with with with with with with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. I mean um um so well okay like okay um. Thank you guys so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning I mean uh um I mean I mean okay so I mean like tuning tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the I mean like like you know well you know you know well like who what why why why why why why why why why why when and um well like so well okay okay okay so how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, me, me, I mean okay so um um okay okay uh like me, me, me, me, me, me, me, let me at least help you understand well I mean okay okay you know um uh so I mean who I am. I've been an RD for about about about about about about about I mean um so so um like uh okay like about about about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started so um I mean so you know so so uh I mean off at a nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing home from there. So I mean uh uh I mean I mean well like uh. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at so so well um um you know um okay like at at at at at at at at at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made you know uh so uh well so so you know I mean it to the Private Practice World, which is is is is is is is is um so you know you know uh uh um I mean so is is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for like uh okay okay like like uh you know I mean for for for for for for for for for longer periods of time we set uh okay you know um um you know like okay okay realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able able able able able um you know like okay well so like uh like able able able able able to see each other for a bit more than okay okay um uh I mean I mean uh um well five or ten minutes and you're working working working working working working working working okay okay so uh so okay I mean like uh working working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in um okay you know uh like like so like um between the the the the the the the the the the doctors. The patients are you know so you know like so you know like you know well really tired at this point because they've been here for a a a a a uh okay um you know so okay well well I mean a a a a a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.