Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you uh um I mean well okay well okay well okay you you you you you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about like well so I mean I mean I mean okay you know um Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite you know I mean um I mean uh well I mean uh so favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free I mean I mean okay um okay uh like like well Hallelujah. No premium account necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary uh I mean uh so I mean uh okay you know uh Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening okay well like okay okay I mean you know okay um listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to right now and you like so um you know well uh okay uh uh can follow those podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an an you know I mean okay okay okay well so you know like an an an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on instagram. Okay you know you know uh I mean like I mean okay like. And if if if if if if if if if if you are a premium well like I mean you know so like okay so um user you can download episodes to listen to offline no no no no no no no uh uh well you know uh so so so so no no no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure you know like um uh you know like okay well well to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify app search uh well um I mean uh um okay like um for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your your your your your like well uh well you know like so I mean like your your your your your library Tab and give us a follow. So you like I mean I mean uh I mean okay I mean well I mean never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode speaking of um like uh I mean you know okay uh I mean so which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is is is um so so like so um um you know like is is is is is is is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I I mean okay um uh uh okay I mean uh uh wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.