Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my I mean um well uh okay like so well I mean my my my my my my my firm or see my portfolio head on over like uh okay uh uh like okay okay you know to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of of of of of uh okay so you know um uh I mean um I mean of of of of of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the like uh like um okay okay like um um office all day long long long long long long long long long long as uh you know well um so well uh you know okay you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including including like okay like I mean I mean well okay like like including including including including including including including including the one you're listening to right now. Well like you know you know okay um well you know so. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and uh well I mean okay well uh you know so you know and and and and and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow so you know um so you know um okay uh I mean your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you you you you never miss I mean you know um like okay uh so um you know an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever wherever so I mean like so okay um okay well uh wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with um you know okay so I mean so um well like your friends on Instagram. Haven't done done done done done done done done done done so um okay um uh like uh um you know uh already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers uh so I mean um um you know so okay I mean acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the okay well I mean well okay uh um well well your library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow you know um um so so like um you know um follow follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.