Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had um okay like so um well uh like well I talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked a lot about so okay so like you know well so um um getting out of your mind getting out of the head and and and and uh um okay well you know well uh okay uh and and and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is okay like well well you know uh okay okay okay all about me and be be be be be be be be be be you know like uh well uh um okay so I mean at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on like uh I mean I mean like so okay okay you know on on on on on on on on on what she does to get I mean um like like like um I mean so okay back tuned in with her heart tuned in in in in in in in in I mean like um well okay well um so well in in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation uh so well like like like okay well um it was recorded. Recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded. Quite some so okay I mean uh like I mean so I mean you know time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I I so okay so well I mean so well um okay I I I I I I I I would like. So my well like uh um um uh uh like uh apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. Schedule schedule schedule schedule so well like I mean so okay um well okay schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's okay um uh well I mean uh I mean I mean uh a lot of moving Parts happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening you know like uh I mean um you know well uh um happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either okay well uh okay like I mean you know like okay either either either either either either either either either you'll find it because you're subscribed so well um you know okay uh okay like so and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.