If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let well so um so um uh uh like well Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools so uh I mean well so well okay okay well that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record uh well well well I mean I mean so you know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute um so well well um so um so so your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be okay um uh um uh like okay I mean I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can well um uh okay okay you know I mean uh so can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you well you know uh I mean so okay uh so um you you you you you you you you you need to make podcasts in um you know uh um um like um okay you know one place download the free ankle up or or or or or or or um uh uh okay you know okay I mean like well or or or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson okay uh I mean okay uh like like okay uh This Is wealth talk. Talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. I'm um so I mean I mean um uh um like you know so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money you know like um you know you know well well okay I mean money money money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology you know like okay um um um um uh well and health because I believe that wealth is is is is is is is okay um okay like uh uh so I mean well is is is not just about how much money you have in your bank um um I mean so I mean you know like okay like account. It's about about about about about about about about about about establishing Harmony in like so like well like so I mean you know uh your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.