I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real like like like you know well you know well you know so quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick was just absolutely not no I mean like I mean I mean well you know like okay um just try to see if I don't like you you you you you like like okay so okay like okay I mean well you you you you you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always I mean I mean like I mean um you know uh well like you always you always always always always always always always always always always had live. Um okay um well I mean like uh so I mean. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and and and and um like um you know um you know um like um and and and and and and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they well like um I mean I mean like um okay like go through we are are are are are are are are are are excited for today's um um um like you know okay um well like episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to to to to okay uh so like you know so I mean well well to to to to to to clarify what it is. When we ask the other like I mean I mean uh I mean you know well you know okay couples. We interview what Their Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love so okay so uh okay um you know so well Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are um um well like well um um well so are are are are are are are are are and why we think they're important. Uh uh uh okay uh well so you know I mean. But before we get into it, if you you you you you you you you uh you know um um like okay you know you know okay you you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform uh I mean so uh um uh you know um um you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening that really helps us out well like well well well uh like you know like and We love hearing your feedback as well. Well well well well well well um um okay um you know well I mean like so well well well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.