Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends you know well so well I mean um um I mean well puff stuff podcast back back back back back back back back back back you know well so okay so well you know okay so on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing well um well you know you know okay uh uh I mean thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing right now with CBD American you know so um like um like um I mean okay Shaman of PA. They want to give away their their their their their their okay okay well you know so so okay uh I mean their their their their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what so okay you know um I mean I mean I mean okay um you like don't like questions things things things things things things things things things um uh um I mean like uh well you know um things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks well so um um so I mean you know uh you know supply of some some some some some some some some some some CBD okay I mean I mean um well well uh uh so products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some I mean I mean I mean uh uh okay you know well well testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials from us. This is um like so um uh you know um uh well what you got to do go to the puff and and and and and I mean well well you know I mean okay uh um um and and and and and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the uh like okay uh okay like okay well okay top of the page and just tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell like like you know I mean I mean so okay well well tell tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried you know so I mean so you know uh okay like um CBD products before and and and and and and and and and and you stop okay okay so I mean so so like uh so for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see see so um like well well so so so like see see see see see see see see how this Compares maybe you're just uh um well like well um uh like well curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific okay you know um well you know okay you know I mean um specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other well uh okay well I mean I mean so um you know to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.