Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler um like okay you know okay uh you know I mean um Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we well I mean um so like I mean I mean like um have top ten lists. These are are are are are are are are are are well uh um like well so like so like the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you uh uh you know so okay uh uh so okay you you you you you you you you you enjoy this show, please do consider um um well well so uh uh um so leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye okay I mean so well uh so you know um I mean Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me well uh I mean okay like I mean so you know you know on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter I mean uh well um you know so so uh uh Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say so well uh like I mean I mean you know well um say say say say say say say say hi to me. Let me like you know well uh okay I mean um well uh know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into okay so so I mean well um like uh you know into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 well so so um like um I mean um you know internet. And in in in in in in in in in in the video I mean like well uh uh um so I mean well today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as well well you know well so well uh uh you know as as as as as as as as as something totally different most of um I mean like um I mean uh uh okay I mean us go through life and not knowing who we are or or or or or or or like like you know um so um you know so like or or or what we want to do at least until a few decades so you know I mean like I mean you know I mean okay okay in we go go go go go go go go go go through many false starts and I mean like um uh um uh um you know you know travel through many dead and paths until we find find find find find so well um I mean so so you know like so find find find find find the one that's truly right for us many companies uh you know I mean so I mean uh you know I mean well are the same often times the the the the the the the the the okay uh you know so well um I mean like so the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.