I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard like well I mean I mean so so like well well Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I I mean I mean I mean okay I mean I mean like well I mean didn't see them. I saw him him him him him him him him him so uh okay I mean okay you know like uh uh him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so I mean I mean uh well so so so okay well good good good good good good good good good good like yeah a very uh um like so so okay uh okay well energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it it it it like I mean like like I mean so so uh um it it it it it it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like uh uh okay um like well okay you know well stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I mean I mean like you know well well well well like Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like I mean like I mean um like so so um always always always always always always always always always like people you may know and I mean well um you know so like you know uh uh then I see him and it's like him him him him him him him I mean um you know well so um you know okay I mean him him him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on okay so um I mean um I mean well uh I mean the floor. Floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor. Yeah, I think like um like like like so um well okay yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have have have have have have I mean okay okay um so you know I mean okay okay have have have have like a sin a coat on and like the okay you know uh like like like like uh so first note of the first song song song song song song song song okay uh like so uh like so like okay song song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has like you know so so okay so okay well um got the the the the the the the the the the mic stand up here. Just good um I mean uh like okay so you know I mean you know goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.