Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor you know you know like um uh I mean I mean I mean you know anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the app I'm using it is you know like I mean um okay so well uh uh definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free free free uh uh um um uh so like so um free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to uh so well um you know I mean I mean I mean um edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast from um you know so I mean uh um okay well uh your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast so I mean uh so okay okay like um I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to uh like so so so you know uh so okay do anything which is great and you you you you you you you you so well so well okay uh um so um you you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is well uh so uh you know you know okay okay so also great great great great great great great great great great man. You gotta okay I mean well like so so like uh you know grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's it's it's it's it's so I mean well well like well so I mean so it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to do all one place and um well okay you know okay so uh I mean um to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor like I mean you know you know you know I mean you know um um on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. You know uh okay uh um like um uh well. Madness madness madness madness madness madness madness madness madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob okay um like well uh well I mean so so everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 2 2 2 2 2 um like okay um uh like you know like okay 2 2 2 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. Okay okay I mean well you know okay uh I mean okay. The first episode alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone so like well uh so um um uh um did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking so I mean um like um so um so um it out and and and and and and and and and and reviewing it and I mean um well okay I mean like uh like well everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.