What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to uh well uh you know so so so um you know to to to to to to to to to talk to you guys about anchor like so uh so you know um I mean uh okay anchor is the app that I use to to to to to to to to to like so uh I mean like um okay you know so to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent well um well uh well you know so so uh free free free free free free free free free free and it allows you uh okay uh you know you know you know like I mean I mean to use tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and I mean like well like okay like um I mean I mean and and and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you you know like well I mean um so uh um uh to record record record record record record record record record record with friends as well after like like so like um um so okay um it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will will will will will will will I mean so so well okay well um you know so will will will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard you know you know you know you know you know okay um uh um on Spotify app a a a a a a a a a a podcast uh so um well so like um I mean so and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with with um well you know you know well I mean well I mean um with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well uh you know um well uh you know you know um need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download uh so so so like um uh okay I mean download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to well well I mean well okay I mean um well okay get started. Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before I so you know uh uh well I mean okay uh you know start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you you you you okay you know well um um um okay so well you you you you you you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning um so well um uh uh you know okay I mean you right now. It's only going going going going going going going going going okay um well you know uh you know so I mean like going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my uh I mean um okay like um uh I mean okay my my my my my my my my my whole setup. It works I guess you know uh okay well well well like so okay but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.