What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor um um okay like so like well well uh if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know about anchor um well uh like so okay I mean so well it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts well well I mean okay um uh you know you know you know podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a I mean um I mean um um okay well like okay podcast. Let me just break it it it it it it it it it it down uh um um you know uh well uh so like for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you have to um I mean well like okay you know um um so to to to to to to to to to pay for it comes with all you know so um you know um I mean well okay uh kinds of creation tools so that you you you you you you you you you um I mean like I mean you know you know you know like uh you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer well like like okay so okay like so you know computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for well so so you know um like okay like uh you so that it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard you know well I mean um you know well um um um heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it it uh okay so you know so so uh like okay it it it it it it it it you can make money from your podcast right uh so you know you know like you know okay so so out the gate. No minimum listenership. You You You You You You You You well well I mean uh like okay you know um um You You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you I mean I mean um uh well so well like so you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all you know um uh uh um uh I mean like like in one place. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well I mean okay well okay you know uh uh um anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Okay you know okay uh you know you know um so like. Enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode guys shit um uh you know uh you know well um um um out in a box and I'll look this way too too too too too too too I mean okay okay um okay um okay you know okay too too too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just you know you know so so so I mean so um okay reason with myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself like so okay uh so well so I mean like okay within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with well uh um well like like okay I mean like with with with with with with with with with some shit like that. It's bullshit. You know so um so okay uh so you know okay. It's what's under bro. Come on on on on on on on on on on uh uh okay like um like like okay you know son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.