Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the okay uh like I mean like uh so uh okay global celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity Tom Holland a I mean well I mean you know so so uh um um Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is is is is is so uh so like uh so um you know you know is is is is is an American film and television Studio. They are so well well you know like you know okay well well best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic I mean so okay like you know I mean I mean so well Cinematic Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back I mean okay um um uh uh like okay uh to to to to to to to to to to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm like I mean like um I mean um you know you know okay Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about about about about about about about like uh uh well so like so okay I mean about about about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took well okay you know um okay so uh like like a trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip to the movie theater uh okay okay you know I mean um I mean so like to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware unaware unaware unaware okay so like so like I mean okay like like unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man like okay so you know like so um okay um himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to to to to to to to to I mean well okay um I mean so um well like to to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on okay like uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay Tom. That's almost three years years years years years years years years years so okay so um I mean I mean uh so I mean years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me you know so well so um uh I mean I mean so back in in in in in in in in in in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.