Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually actually uh uh uh well you know you know like like um actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want you to tweet me your feedback on um I mean you know you know you know I mean well like so how you like weekly V and podcast form. Form form form form form form you know well okay you know okay okay um like so form form form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put you know well I mean like you know I mean like so I mean hashtag garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee podcast with the W um so well um uh uh so I mean uh in there as well so I can see your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback you know uh like I mean so um uh um I mean feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some so um you know you know uh I mean like like well feedback on Twitter on how you you you you you you you you you like I mean like like like well uh like I mean you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, so okay like well you know so okay okay so it's youtube.com slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash garyvee with you know so so I mean um like uh well uh double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What What What What What well you know like well well you know okay you know I mean What What What What What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent so um so uh you know uh well um you know phone call that Gary had with pearson. Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson um so so okay I mean well well uh okay Pearson Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all I mean so I mean like okay um uh I mean okay ages shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes and sizes. Uh okay like you know I mean uh you know you know I mean. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what what what so I mean I mean I mean so well like like you know what what what what what what what you thought with a review and I so so well you know so so I mean so like hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is is is is is is is is well you know you know uh like um you know uh well is is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong well okay you know like uh uh you know okay so wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.