Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood okay um okay um well you know well you know I mean forever. Forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever. I'm living sinatra. So like like well like so um uh well. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere um you know well okay okay you know I mean well okay anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop um okay like well so okay um um like it on them everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome well I mean okay well uh um well well like back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk talk I mean okay like I mean um like uh okay you know talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited you know uh well so okay you know um uh well about you Sheriff. I am am am am am am am am am am okay okay like um I mean I mean well you know um freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of um so like okay I mean so like I mean well the the the the the the the the the the the first like you know so I mean um like well like uh well not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key key key key key key like um so like um you know I mean so I mean key key key key Concepts and other things going to talk about you know well okay okay you know um well like uh besides just you know overarching principle. So So So So So So So So okay um okay uh well okay I mean so I mean So So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode well like you know like uh okay like you know so is all about about about about about about about about about about the difference between uh uh so like I mean I mean you know so uh a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what what you know you know so well you know uh well I mean um what what what what what what what what do we mean by that? We obviously um like well I mean um you know okay you know okay there's a difference between gold and idea like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I mean like I mean so well well so like I mean like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down okay um like so you know so uh you know okay real quick and and and and and and and and and and basically what me and sheriff came okay I mean you know you know like you know uh well uh up with one more thing about what what what what what what what what what um so I mean well okay um um uh you know what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and okay um I mean so um well okay like um we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.