This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor you know like like you know okay I mean well I mean uh the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to um like you know so like so okay um like make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free free free free free I mean um uh I mean well well um uh okay free free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the um well you know uh you know uh like um I mean podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone uh I mean well uh I mean so so okay well phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on um like so you know like you know I mean well like anchor so that that that that that that that that that that it can be uh okay uh I mean uh so I mean um um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can can can can so like uh like well uh like okay um can can can can can can really imagine you can make money from your uh okay I mean you know well so um so well podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well um you know I mean well you know you know well okay it's it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on uh okay so so okay well like well you know their their their their their their their their their their app. So guys you know okay I mean you know um okay uh um uh go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot okay um uh uh uh you know so well okay dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? um I mean I mean you know well well okay okay uh Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We uh well uh I mean so okay so uh well are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording recording well okay uh so uh um so like I mean recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording just having a good time. We first you know um I mean okay uh you know you know like uh off on our Instagram we decided that that that that that that that that that uh so um like well okay well I mean um that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.