Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is okay so um I mean I mean okay so so I mean your first first first first first first first first first first time listening, I mean okay um like okay like okay um uh I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the I mean okay I mean you know um well well you know like the the the the the the the the the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth okay uh uh well okay you know well okay you know strategy. I thought this episode was going to be be be be be well well you know um uh I mean um like well be be be be be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch well uh okay like um you know so I mean I mean of things that happened this this this this this this this this this this week. So uh okay uh you know uh like um like okay this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the the you know I mean like like um uh I mean uh um the the the the the the the the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to well you know okay so I mean you know okay I mean you know talk about We've got Bob iger. Iger Iger Iger Iger Iger Iger Iger Iger Iger. He's like you know uh well like you know you know I mean I mean out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase purchase okay like okay I mean okay you know you know I mean like purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer uh well so uh uh well um like like the opinions expressed in this podcast for for for for for for for for for for those uh okay well um so you know uh you know um of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Money uh well you know I mean you know so um you know like Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor okay like I mean you know um like uh okay I mean who serves as a portfolio manager to to to to to to to to to okay well um like okay okay well okay well to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. You know I mean okay I mean uh uh I mean uh I mean. Bush and and and and and and and and and and employees of so uh like so um so um like like amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.