What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of of you know um I mean uh so like you know like I mean of of of of of of of of the doubt Health podcast. My name is uh well um you know uh uh you know okay okay Derrick teal. I'm the owner and and and and and and and and and I mean like well like you know you know um like I mean and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now well you know okay I mean uh so so um I mean today. Our topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic is okay I mean well uh well uh like okay you know all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by by okay I mean you know you know uh well well uh well by by by by by by by by an underscore Austin in do thank you well well like well you know well like like like so much for this idea because because because because because because because because because because you know well like I mean you know uh uh well you know he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. Workouts workouts okay uh I mean so uh well so like I mean workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts. I put out our mixed in some so well uh um well uh um like you know form of a circuit. So you want to to to to to to okay I mean okay okay I mean I mean okay like like to to to to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for I mean so uh okay so okay um you know uh cyclists. Is it just just just just just just just just just just my style? I mean you know um um I mean like you know so I mean What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're we're we're we're I mean I mean you know okay um well you know like I mean we're we're we're we're we're we're also going to break down some reality because you know, you know I mean okay uh um well okay so like all the science in in in in in in in in in in the I mean okay I mean um so okay so okay well world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk talk talk talk talk well I mean like okay uh um like um I mean talk talk talk talk talk about both and then really why I choose to do uh I mean you know like uh okay uh I mean so them and why I do do do do do do do do do do believe that it uh I mean I mean okay um um you know okay like is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.