Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name name well um um uh like I mean you know um okay name name name name name name name name is Mike Rankin. I will be um uh um you know well okay okay I mean so your host this time around and boy. Do we we we we we we you know well okay so you know well okay uh well we we we we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in well uh um okay so uh well uh okay the basement podcast. You can follow them them them them them them them them them so well um uh um okay well you know uh them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you uh um okay um like um um um I mean jumping in with with with with with with with with with with us okay you know you know you know like well so well like to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is is is uh uh um like um like so okay well is is is is is is is going to be weird for me because um uh I mean you know so so uh like so I don't normally do interviews. I I I I I I I I I I you know like like I mean I mean you know like well you know normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate Appreciate I mean um I mean um you know I mean um I mean okay Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, okay I mean um um okay uh you know so you know we're excited over at Saks in in in in in in in in like uh well I mean so um um okay uh in in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for okay like you know um uh like like um okay almost two years and and and and and and and and and and well so well so so I mean like like I mean it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as like well you know so um okay I mean I mean I mean big big big big big big big big big big as it's turned okay okay uh like well uh um well you know into and now we're you know, we got this live event event event event event um uh you know you know so well I mean you know um event event event event event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, I mean you know uh okay you know you know like well so and we're going to be trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying I mean you know like well I mean okay okay um so out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be I mean well uh I mean okay you know well well um be be be be be be be be be going to two shows a so um well okay okay well uh you know um week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.