Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not well um so you know uh well um you know you know Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not so bad value self well I mean um so well well well you know I mean never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, um you know so you know well I mean you know um uh Well, Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict so well uh I mean okay so you know like um of interest. Oh get get get get get get get get get get your mind I mean well okay um uh so so okay like out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Okay okay like you know okay I mean okay I mean like. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I saw reports this morning that okay so like okay well like you know so like chili Doug Davis is looking into the the the the the the the the like like so you know you know so you know I mean you know the the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take you know well so uh well okay I mean I mean well a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hefty. Package I mean okay okay well well I mean I mean well well for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. After well okay so uh okay like well well I mean after after after after after after after after. You know why they call her chili you know so so uh okay well you know well you know dog. Don't you tell me cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow ate you know so uh so I mean well um I mean uh 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet well so I mean you know uh um you know okay like gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet and not 20 minutes later scored you know so um I mean uh um you know okay you know a 96 on our biology midterm. Midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm. Just so well uh you know uh okay um uh I mean shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a phenom. You know uh okay I mean uh well you know you know uh. I'm not not not not not not not not not not about to you know you know I mean so like um so you know um give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be like I mean uh um um uh uh like so Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Hasty. We think chili dog I mean like so well you know well I mean okay like will be a great fit in the halls of our our our our um okay so okay so you know so uh um our our our our our our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching so so um you know well I mean I mean you know like experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.