Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners so like you know well like okay okay I mean so listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like I mean well um like well like well okay like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor you know so I mean like so so so you know um sponsor sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make uh so um I mean you know I mean you know okay you know a podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. It's doesn't okay you know so um uh well well um uh cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools tools tools okay well uh like like well like um so tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so well I mean uh okay like um um well right from your phone and computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer you know uh um well you know you know I mean you know uh computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can um okay um uh well you know well well so be heard. On Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple um you know um okay so um I mean uh okay podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well you know uh you know um I mean well you know I mean and and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need uh you know I mean um well uh well so um to make a podcast right in one place download the free a a a so like you know well like um you know you know uh a a a a a a a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. Well like I mean well so like um you know well. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, um well uh uh like like so okay so Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I started I you know uh you know um okay you know well uh um don't give a fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. I started okay okay okay so you know so I mean like I mean sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.