Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you know I mean you know um so well uh I mean I mean voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices in the church like you know so so uh like like so like talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to to okay I mean you know you know uh so so um so to to to to to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. Like uh so like you know like uh um uh. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. Eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes. Like I mean uh so you know so well um you know. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to well like uh okay okay you know well um um to to to to to to to to start a podcast anchor dot f well so you know uh like I mean um uh I mean m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't like um I mean well uh I mean okay okay I mean haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like uh well like uh okay uh uh like explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's Russian tools you know like uh I mean well I mean like okay well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right well like I mean um you know well um um like right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your like um um okay so like so okay um podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard like well uh okay so okay so okay okay heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from okay okay well I mean okay uh so well so from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Uh well so uh so I mean so uh uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one um um um okay I mean so okay so okay one one one one one one one convenient location. So if you're interested download you know so like you know uh like well um um the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to um so okay um uh uh you know you know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.