All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your well so so well okay I mean so you know like your your your your your your your your your host future and I'm uh I mean um uh I mean so okay okay uh here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt skirt skirt skirt I mean okay uh you know um you know I mean okay I mean skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt and he's going to join us for the so well uh uh you know uh well I mean so ride on the first ever episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode well well um you know okay um you know you know okay episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? like like um you know like well um uh so Didn't well well well well well well well well well well can't complain gil. Okay you know like you know so you know well so like. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come come come uh like well like okay um so um so come come come come come come come back and relax at home. All right, so well okay I mean uh you know so um uh uh What do you think the goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal um so uh you know uh so okay uh okay goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me uh uh okay I mean I mean well so so well let let let let let let let let let let me try to Enlighten the that uh uh I mean well so I mean well well um a little bit. So basically it did did did did did did did did did so you know well I mean you know uh you know like uh did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord okay I mean like so okay so okay so like server server server server server server server server server server bunch of people were just okay okay well well um um um okay you know talking about us having great voice and we should should should should should like so well so so like okay well you know should should should should should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.