Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally so so okay um so uh so so um literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to make a okay um I mean um so um well like okay podcast. We use it for casual poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor uh I mean so you know well so um um like poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people um I mean uh so okay you know okay you know okay I I I I I I I I I I anchor so great one. Um like okay um you know you know um so so. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can can can so you know I mean well so so okay so like can can can can can can can only record and edit your podcast or you can so so you know okay well um like like so upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but but but but but but but but I mean well I mean um uh you know well I mean um but but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. Okay like like um like so like um I mean. It cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast okay so like I mean well you know uh so I mean Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and and and and and uh uh I mean well well you know well well so and and and and and on top of that you can even make well um I mean you know like okay you know um so money off of this app. App app app app app app app app app. So you know well okay you know like uh you know um um it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make like so okay okay well uh okay so okay make make make make make make make make make money anchor will automatically match I mean um like so well so I mean uh you know your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with with with with with with with well um I mean um you know um so um okay with with with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just you know I mean I mean so well I mean well well like go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.