Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U well well um I mean uh you know I mean like well U U U U U U U U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It uh um well I mean I mean like uh uh well is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart like I mean okay okay like so well um well Stewart Stewart Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all um well well I mean you know um well well like all all all all all all all all all of a sudden the 2020 um like uh um like well like uh okay season is upon us. We're just days away from from from from from from from you know like you know like like you know well you know so from from from opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost scott. Okay okay well I mean uh um I mean like uh. Do you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel kind of refreshed you know okay okay I mean you know well you know uh I mean ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was was okay well uh uh well um like you know okay was was was was was was was was like we're about to kick off and I so like well um like you know okay um um was like, oh good good good good good good good good good good so well so uh uh um okay well so good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy like uh you know so you know uh well uh you know Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, well like I mean uh well um well well well and I think the remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant remnant or um so you know so I mean like so uh okay like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up uh like well so you know uh you know I mean so up up up up up up up up up and I was like, like you know um like well I mean okay like so whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there there there you know you know like okay like um I mean uh well there there there there there there there soon as they beat Montreal. I was uh okay so okay well um I mean um uh just like yeah, we're back in the swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing so uh I mean well I mean uh like you know you know swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were back um okay okay like uh so um like like back back back back back back back back back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.