Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR I mean like I mean um I mean like like I mean I mean HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need like uh like like okay I mean so I mean uh to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply simply simply simply simply uh I mean so so okay uh uh okay like simply simply simply simply simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital um I mean um you know like you know like um like and analytical to to to to to to to to to to I mean okay okay I mean you know like um like uh deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features uh I mean well I mean um okay I mean okay well features features features features features features features features features a panel discussion, which took okay you know okay I mean well like okay so well place at the recent people analytics and future of work work work work work well well okay well so well so um you know work work work work work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled okay like so uh okay I mean I mean well um HR skills of the future and how how how how how how how how how how you know you know so you know like I mean so I mean so to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC UC UC uh you know you know you know so okay okay um um UC UC UC UC UC UC UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head you know uh like you know well you know um well you know of people strategy analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics learning I mean like well I mean I mean you know okay um like and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics analytics I mean you know well like so well I mean you know okay analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics boober and is a previous guest on um you know well um you know well like well like the show Andy and Bailey managing director of of of of of of of of of of like um well like like like um like so my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.