Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason so so I mean I mean um uh I mean well okay Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepción Juliet Littman and David you know um so you know so okay okay um okay Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought fought fought fought fought fought so uh well so well like well well like fought fought fought fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country well uh you know okay well so like like so needs is a a a a a a a a a a king. Oh my okay well okay like um like I mean okay well God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with um like like uh well well well um like with with with with with with absolute power. I'm not saying we need so well I mean um okay okay I mean uh I mean to go to some like Royal Dutch like like like like like like like um okay um like like so uh I mean like like like like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better um well like well well like you know well um would our political political political political political political political political political political discourse I mean so um well well so I mean uh I mean be if we would just elect the king for every like like like like so um like okay I mean um you know uh you know like like like like like like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump uh so uh well uh so uh okay well gets to be king. But we have a like like like like like like okay well you know like you know um so okay uh like like like like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually okay you know you know uh okay well okay I mean okay making the decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, right? So he's like like you know like you know I mean well okay uh have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is is is is is um um well so okay like um well okay is is is is is to go to NASCAR races and give uh so I mean okay okay um like uh so speeches and set off. The first first first first first first first first first first um you know okay okay you know like uh I mean um fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.