Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the the the the you know I mean um okay okay um um like I mean the the the the the the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a uh um uh like you know okay you know I mean okay very mean and nasty place and I I I I I I I you know you know uh I mean uh you know uh like so I I I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your uh uh I mean um well I mean you know um uh knees and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep you there so okay okay uh like um well I mean like permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit hit hit hit so I mean okay um um okay like so well hit hit hit hit hit hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how I mean I mean okay you know okay um so uh well hard you hit it's about about about about about about about about about about how uh uh so okay uh you know so I mean well hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you you you okay I mean I mean you know so okay like you know so you you you you you you you can take and keep moving well okay like um well like so I mean you know forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if if if if if if if okay well I mean okay um um uh well um if if if you know what you're worth then go out and get what well uh so um uh you know so you know I mean you're worth. But you you you you you you you you you you gotta uh so uh okay I mean so well I mean you know be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't um I mean like like uh uh you know so uh where where where where where where where where where where you wanna be because you know like well so okay so well okay I mean of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that that that that you know okay uh I mean so uh like so like that that that that that that ain't you you better than that. It's about like uh you know like you know you know um okay like how hard you can get hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit and I mean like um okay okay so I mean um well keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.