Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a okay like like so so okay you know uh um short short short short short short short short short short favor. If you're interested you know um um um so well you know you know okay in either of the two books that I have written and and and and okay um okay so okay like like okay so and and and and and and I'm about to release head on over to so well okay I mean okay uh well okay so my website at the anxious truth.com books there. There there there there there there there you know well like well I mean okay uh okay uh there there. You can learn about both books one of which is free like uh I mean so um so so you know you know and you you you you you you you you you you can get uh uh well so uh like like like I mean on my mailing list to be notified when each book is is is is is is like like you know like like I mean well I mean I mean is is is is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate so you know okay like like you know you know uh okay that. Okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get rolling. What is you know okay okay um uh well you know um you know up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious okay you know uh so uh uh like okay well anxious anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if I mean okay you know um you know I mean you know um you know to to to to to to to to to to left to get to a hundred. Like well so I mean well I mean okay so okay. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on on on on on you know so uh I mean like um um well I mean on on on on on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going um okay okay I mean okay like like okay I mean to work out but I'm trying but but but but but but but but but but okay um you know I mean um well you know okay you know that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm like so okay so okay um I mean so you know going to to to to to to to to to to rant a little Bit and so you know so like you know so um so like this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.