three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very I mean you know well um uh um I mean okay I mean excited. Excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. Like um like I mean um uh okay I mean um. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world world world uh well uh um well okay okay okay I mean world world world world world world world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today like well well well okay I mean like you know um the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and and and and and and and and and and okay you know you know so okay okay uh um okay probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of okay you know you know so you know so you know so uh everything. But But But But But But But But But But the reason we like um I mean um I mean you know okay okay uh wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion champion I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like I mean you know I mean champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion off the water, but he's done some okay um well like uh uh uh so okay amazing things off the water over the the the the the the the the the you know okay you know okay you know okay you know so so the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for well I mean so you know well well so you know okay having having having having having having having having having having me. So I'm going to I mean um uh well so well so um you know get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready ready ready ready ready ready I mean uh well okay you know okay um um I mean ready ready ready ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 well okay okay you know I mean like you know uh okay towers are good. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like like you know um okay well I mean uh well really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast forecast okay um you know uh well like like um uh forecast forecast forecast forecast forecast forecast forecast forecast is swung around and they grinding uh okay you know you know I mean you know I mean so um going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.