Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. Tonight tonight tonight like okay you know you know um okay well okay okay tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. It is right now. It is me Jared I mean like so you know I mean like you know well you know and Gabe the original crew. We have have have have have have have have well like like well I mean um um you know uh have have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets um you know I mean okay well uh um um so here it it it it it it it it it it is well well uh you know so you know you know well so just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to to to you know you know well like so so you know I mean like to to to to to to to the back to the roots. We're going back well um I mean well well I mean okay okay okay to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys Boys you know well you know so okay so I mean you know so Boys Boys Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, um like so I mean you know um like I mean well I'd say that that that that that that that that that that the dogs are like well so like well okay um well um who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have have um uh like I mean uh I mean uh I mean okay have have have have have have have have chosen to say it myself but but okay like uh I mean uh you know I mean well I mean you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, well uh like well so I mean so uh okay as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your I mean I mean like like um um you know like okay right right right right right right right right right right to see random things. So um like uh like okay well um you know. I support my right to party and you always you got to to um okay so uh uh uh okay so um to to to to to to to to fight for that right? Sure. It's what um okay uh uh um I mean so I mean uh I've always heard always said it to to to to to to to to to I mean so you know you know so well well I mean like to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.