For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, um so I mean uh I mean uh so well like we we we we we we we we we we save teachers hours each like you know okay okay well so you know well so week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms you know well like like like you know um uh I mean classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach um well I mean like uh uh like I mean you know starter.com. Hey teachers for on on on on on on on on on on okay okay like uh you know you know you know I mean I mean here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate okay you know well well you know you know uh so um rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate and review us any Apple um like um so I mean um I mean um I mean podcast app and help us to reach more more more more more more more more more well you know like you know like well like like I mean more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a uh um I mean uh okay well uh so well passionate teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher who is has used uh so well well so uh well okay so this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a like like so um um um um well um a a a a a a a a huge fan of the daily 5 you know you know well I mean okay uh you know so um and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram um well um okay so like you know so I mean Instagram Instagram Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer you know like like okay uh well so you know uh for her her her her her her her her her her and her students. My okay okay like you know uh I mean you know okay I mean students came to school on the second day and they they they they they they well um so like so I mean I mean you know like they they they they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that you know like like I mean I mean uh um like okay for me I was just just just just just just just just just just sold so I mean uh well like like well um uh um I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for for for I mean I mean you know well like like you know well uh for for for for for for for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.