What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast okay um so you know okay so uh uh like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in today's episode. We're going um well I mean well well I mean you know you know so to talk about what products you should not drop ship now now now now I mean so like uh well like okay uh you know now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking so uh um okay I mean uh uh like okay to get into e-commerce or build a a a a a a a a I mean well like you know you know well okay okay so a a new store or launch a new product line. There are three well you know you know you know um uh well I mean I mean different levels of where where where where where where where where where where you so I mean okay like like okay uh so so want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the the the you know well I mean I mean um like so like uh the the the the the the the first level is the niche level. That's uh like well I mean you know I mean I mean like like the highest one, right? What type of of of of of of of of of of you know um I mean like I mean I mean okay well so products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move like okay I mean well like um um well well to to to to to to to to to to the supplier level and so like um um okay like uh so well make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You You You You You okay okay like uh uh uh like okay I mean You You You You You actually want to work with if you want to make um well like um so so okay I mean so money doing this and and and and and and and and and and so okay I mean you know so okay uh like you know then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to well well well I mean well so you know okay you know share with with with with with with with with with with you in this podcast well you know I mean you know um I mean like I mean uh is what to look for at all three levels to make sure sure sure uh like well um like uh um well um sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you're not wasting your time. If you um like uh so like um so so okay decide to build one of these stores and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually so so you know like okay you know I mean um uh actually actually actually build a real business now before we get into um you know well like you know so okay uh I mean it, I should let let let let let let let let let let you know I mean um so you know you know like well so well that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.