Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if well well okay um like you know I mean like uh if if if if if if if if if you've been following us over the you know uh I mean um okay okay I mean well okay past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we we we we we we I mean well like well you know uh um I mean like we we we we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've well uh you know you know I mean okay you know like like already had dr. Chuck matias. Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias. He so you know you know so like you know I mean okay you know talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us us uh so so so I mean so well uh uh us us us us us us us us talking about fasting weekly and on this well like okay okay so okay you know like I mean episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We We We We We We um uh so I mean uh um like like um We We We We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and um like you know uh I mean I mean you know so uh she talks about about about about about about about about about about the uh okay so you know like uh um uh like gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we um so like okay so I mean like so so we we we we we we we we we engage with the you know you know like well um well well like so spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right right right like um well well okay uh um well okay right right right right right right right here with you guys. So your mom you're um uh um you know well like uh you know you know a loving wife and and and and and and and and and and um like you know so like okay uh well okay you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours uh you know uh well okay well um like okay and and and and and and and and and and hours and hours cultivating the uh I mean you know uh so I mean um okay well gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of of of of of of of okay I mean well well I mean um well well so of of of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.