So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our like I mean you know um you know so well I mean like our our our our our our our our our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of I mean um I mean okay um so okay uh okay the blacktop bantered podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is okay I mean like um okay you know okay well I mean stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap like like uh so well uh um I mean um handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap handicap logo for me amongst other so well well I mean well okay well you know so custom logos and different things for me as well. They have have have have uh like um okay you know um I mean I mean um have have have have have have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free uh well so well well so uh okay okay shipping on all orders over $50. $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50. Okay you know I mean I mean um you know uh like um. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots uh I mean you know uh um so okay you know you know of cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool Social Media stuff you know um um okay um like like so I mean going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and okay you know well uh okay uh so um so and and and and and and and and and they can create anything if they don't have like well um okay you know okay um like okay it already. So if you have something something something something something something something something something uh you know so well uh you know okay uh I mean something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their you know um like like like you know you know like well customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers needs of what they want like you know uh okay you know okay so well I mean what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.