Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's okay so um I mean okay well I mean you know uh in in in in in in in in in in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach um uh like you know you know okay you know well so white. This episode is all things travel during during during during during during during during during uh okay okay so okay um you know okay I mean during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and so well you know uh uh okay uh like um and and and and and and and and and to find out what creative plans he like uh okay so like I mean so uh uh is. Currently he currently has Brewing you you you you you you you you well so so you know so like like so okay you you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland so well like uh uh uh so um well boys a a a a a a a a a a group of creatives who well like well so uh okay well I mean so were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome Welcome Welcome you know well like you know well uh so so you know Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for um okay well um like so you know like like having me. So Zach and and and and and and and and and and I actually met so well like I mean okay you know like so like at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people people people people okay um like like well well um well well people people people people people people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when uh like okay I mean uh okay okay you know like our laptops and a a a a a a a a a a lot of like um you know I mean um um um I mean well people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and and and and um I mean you know I mean you know like um um you know and and and and and and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things um I mean I mean uh you know I mean um um I mean in common. And here we we we we we we we we we we like like I mean like uh um uh okay okay are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.