All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all I mean okay you know like like um uh well uh the shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter episodes that we've uh I mean well um so uh um I mean okay been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will will will will will like uh so you know uh okay like um okay will will will will will not be one of those. This is going to like I mean okay like uh like okay you know I mean be a nice long discussion because because because because because because because because because I mean I mean uh well uh I mean so well I mean because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To um like well um um you know okay you know you know be more more more more more more more more more more than um um you know okay you know uh well I mean you know one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this um I mean well I mean well okay like well so chemicals. Chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals. Like how you like like okay like uh so you know okay okay doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. That that you know like so uh so like like like like that that that that that that that. We got Michael join and ask because he's uh uh well you know so um so you know um going to make every Lamar Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson like I mean I mean so you know uh uh okay well Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? well you know like okay uh you know um well you know Hey, I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing good you know like I mean well like uh like I mean like Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here here here here here I mean okay okay you know so I mean um um uh here here here here here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.