In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. This um so so okay um okay uh um okay this this this this this this this this. Hey, you want to know why well you know well well um um okay uh okay my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you you you you you like like okay okay well well like so you know you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word okay I mean I mean I mean uh you know you know well okay Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Crazy Light it um you know so uh you know I mean okay you know like on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I um okay I mean I mean well so like um you know I I I I I I I I I was like braised. I hate you. You know I mean you know I mean okay I mean um so okay. Don't leave me who came up with with with with with with with with with uh well well okay uh I mean um you know I mean with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I I mean you know okay you know okay like like I mean like sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit on this couch and recline uh um you know you know so okay like so uh you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But But But But But But okay well um uh um well like well um But But But But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it so you know I mean I mean you know I mean uh so well but I've accepted it it it it it it it it it I mean so uh well um like I mean you know like it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My My you know well um you know well okay um okay like My My My My My My My My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm I mean so uh like you know you know like you know um failing Villa dough and we have have have have have have have have uh I mean I mean uh so um um okay so have have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know um you know so I mean okay like well okay so that I I I I I I I I I I was supposed to you know okay um like so so I mean so um introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.