Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal Universal Universal like I mean uh you know so okay so you know okay Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My well I mean like okay well so um okay so name is Chris Gardner. My name name name name name name name name name okay so okay you know uh so um you know okay name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with I mean like I mean um like well I mean well so with with with with with with with with with easy to understand scientific research. I mean uh like so um like um okay so. So you can walk away with practical tools to to to to to to okay so um well so so I mean you know so to to to to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward I mean uh uh I mean okay like so well um to this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and well you know well you know uh so you know you know you know also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today today um well okay okay so like you know okay um today today today today today today today today is Julie householder who is a like I mean uh well okay I mean I mean like like life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and and and and and and and well I mean well you know um like like you know so and and and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be I mean um you know I mean like okay so like I mean a fun episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Oh, yeah. So well you know so okay okay well so like. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of um okay so so well okay like you know I mean of of of of of of of of of forgiveness. Do you want to start like so I mean I mean you know okay I mean well you know it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.