What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope okay um okay uh okay okay you know like like hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope y'all are growing in your faith some uh okay okay like you know so I mean I mean I mean from this thing before I even introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced okay um well um you know okay okay so okay introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, uh like okay um I mean uh well uh um smash the the the the the the the the the the Subscribe button. If you loved um I mean I mean well well well um I mean I mean us then that would be so sweet of of of of of of of of I mean okay um I mean uh okay so well okay of of you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to um well you know uh well so um like um us and and and and and and and and and and it gets the message out you know like like um you know uh so uh well to more people with the way the the the the the the the the the uh I mean um like like well well um I mean the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, up, okay well um you know well you know like well um up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, I mean like um um okay like like like uh and you'll work on this entry. We need need need need need need need uh you know uh you know like like so you know you know need need need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are okay like um like well uh like okay so probably the power just just just just just just just just just just like I'm a I mean you know um I mean uh you know well well well skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's today's today's like I mean well well um uh you know well so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church uh like so so um like so you know like teaching series and we have covered quite quite quite quite quite quite quite well so well I mean I mean well okay you know well quite quite quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.