Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our well um well okay like okay okay um you know yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know did you know like um um like um so so uh um that when milk is start again when milk has come come come come come um I mean okay well well you know um like well come come come come come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus okay um uh well well uh uh okay um and blood in it it it it it it it it it it and your like so uh like like so like I mean um stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that that you know like so okay okay I mean I mean uh um that that that that that that that that is disgusting. I've tried like almond uh uh well I mean uh like so uh okay milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. Milk milk milk milk milk milk milk okay like well well well like I mean uh okay milk milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk um I mean well you know so so um well okay milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk is a thing. No well okay uh um you know so okay so I mean could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. Discussed discussed discussed discussed um well I mean uh I mean well okay okay you know discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know uh I mean well um you know so like uh I mean why people eat it. It it it it it it it it it. I mean I mean okay um I mean okay okay like like. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Okay well um okay so so so um you know. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you know what the problem I mean um so okay so well well um um is what you I don't think I'm a problem. Problem problem problem problem problem problem so okay so okay like you know well okay you know problem problem problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been so you know well uh so um you know I mean uh drinking cow milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.