Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. I mean like okay so so okay okay um um. Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per se taking control of our you know like I mean uh okay uh well so um emotions, but the big question is how do we take take take take take like you know okay I mean like okay I mean you know um take take take take take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are um I mean like so I mean uh I mean okay okay multiple ways that can kick you you you you you you you you you know um okay well uh so I mean okay okay you you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important okay um so like you know so like like I mean important important important important important important important important important points right now. And that's your physiology you know like uh I mean uh okay uh you know okay and your mindset physiology being the the the the the the the the the the science um um like like like so well um so of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal you know like well you know you know well okay okay well normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal functions of a living organism uh okay well uh well you know so uh so and its parts. But in this sense, what what what what what what what what okay okay uh uh I mean okay so you know uh what what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and uh like uh I mean like I mean so so I mean how how how how how how how how how how it is an extension of okay uh well like like I mean um well uh You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. Me me me me okay um okay I mean um I mean like I mean you know me me me me me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there well like um okay I mean well um um uh are others of course, but but but but but but but but but but those are like okay like like well um like like I mean kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in in um so I mean um uh you know well um um in in in in in in in in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.