Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look like um okay like uh you know okay like so no further. Further further further further further further further further further. If you haven't heard like okay uh um I mean um like like like of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so so you know uh so so okay uh so podcast podcast podcast podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have you know so well so well okay well you know uh to pay to host host host host host host host host host host your well okay like like like you know um okay okay content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean like you know so so okay I mean um well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer uh uh well well like you know well okay well an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So well uh um okay well okay well so okay So So So So So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your so like uh okay I mean uh well uh like RSS feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed to Spotify and apple you know you know uh uh like so well well okay and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can can can can can can like well well well you know uh so well you know can can can can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. Like like so um okay you know well okay I mean. It's everything that you want in a a a a a a a okay well uh like you know okay um you know you know a a a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want so um you know you know so like okay I mean so to get get get get get get get get get get it out. You well you know so I mean like um you know so so want to write a note just upload and turn on your your um uh well so you know I mean well um well your your your your your your your your anchor app on your phone and hit record and like so I mean okay like um so uh you know save notes to your library to to to to to to to to to to well okay um like uh like uh like uh upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.