Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me so like you know so well well so um you know me me me me me me me me me as always from Gamecock central.com you know okay um you know uh uh okay um um. The bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks okay um I mean so uh like okay uh well Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to I mean you know uh uh like so uh well like wear that albatross around your neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, um like uh well you know so uh you know okay neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's you know uh I mean you know so I mean I mean well um It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere you know well well you know like you know uh like um appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I I I I I I I uh like like I mean like okay well I mean like I I I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, so uh uh I mean okay okay well you know so but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm being serious because Friday uh like so so I mean um okay you know so you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and and and and and and and and uh okay like I mean you know well okay like uh and and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. Okay okay like I mean so so so okay like. And And And And And And And And And And then you said you stayed overnight uh so you know I mean um I mean you know uh well in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then then then then then then then then then you know um okay uh um okay okay uh uh then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball you know so uh okay okay well well I mean okay baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball game then came back to colombia. You know like well uh I mean so like like you know. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.