Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast I mean uh okay well I mean so um so well thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing now in launching a uh I mean like you know um you know like you know so patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori okay you know okay um you know you know you know okay like Nori Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do well uh like well like um well I mean like you want want want want want want want want want want to receive a special newsletter okay you know like okay you know uh you know well okay digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be be be be be be be be you know you know well like well okay so you know um be be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Uh well so you know okay so okay like okay. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go take a look at I mean um so um so you know I mean well like patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of of of of so you know like okay so like I mean uh uh of of of of of of being lean and that startup kind of way like like I mean uh okay so well okay like that That, you know, we like like like like like like like like like uh I mean like okay so okay you know like I mean like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much so I mean so like uh like so well um like like like like like like like like like like your feedback. Is there something you know like uh I mean well um I mean so like that you'd really like to see but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't okay well um like like you know well um you know isn't isn't isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape okay well like um uh you know uh you know so what we offer to to to to to to to to to to you. Um you know like well okay um like so I mean. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out out I mean so I mean so um well you know you know uh out out out out out out out out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, well so like I mean you know like so like I mean which you can find at nor e.com ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom I mean okay like um okay uh I mean so okay ecom ecom. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.