Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good well you know okay you know so okay like so I mean good good good good good good good good good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my like okay so like so okay I mean well so fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a a a a a a a a well I mean uh I mean I mean well okay like well a a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a like I mean I mean like I mean I mean so um like journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. Okay okay well like uh uh so so like. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on on on um um uh well you know um um well okay on on on on on on on the first amount of often the focus. Um okay I mean well you know I mean I mean uh like. Thank you very much for having me me me me me me me me like um uh uh I mean you know well okay um me me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own so like um like uh um like you know well medicine because because because because because because because because because because you run around the world you know you know you know like like so you know like um throwing my Mike's in front of people and go go go go go go uh so um so uh well so um like go go go go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for okay I mean uh um well well uh like well me to be be be be be be be be be be somebody that answers questions. But you know I mean I mean so okay uh I mean uh okay here we are. So I'll give it give it my my my my my my my okay I mean I mean you know um you know um um uh my my my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning like uh well I mean I mean I mean um so you know you were were were were were were were were were were on the road. Okay like you know um okay I mean okay like like. It was on a phone in or do you have to go go go I mean uh I mean you know you know so so well okay go go go go go go go to Studio ever say it was a phone in you know you know so okay um I mean so um like from the house. So I was was was was was was was was was was reading okay well um okay um like like like I mean up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really really really so you know well I mean so like you know well um really really really really really really really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.