Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're well you know like like you know uh uh uh I mean going going going going going going going going going going to talk about the Acres um uh well uh well uh so you know okay of diamonds program in total and we're going to to to to to to to like well well uh okay okay like I mean you know to to to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss so I mean well you know uh uh um okay I mean any Coughlin. You got got got got got got got got got got the last um you know you know uh like you know you know well uh call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong you know like okay um you know like okay you know you know wrong wrong wrong wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed like you know I mean I mean like um like you know um dog? We talk to to to to to to to to to to okay you know I mean well well you know uh you know you know them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably um like well I mean um uh you know I mean you know could could could could could could could could could could I you didn't you didn't um you know so um um well I mean um uh learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we we we we we uh um uh well okay well I mean you know uh we we we we we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with um so like you know okay uh you know okay so them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, so I mean you know like I mean um I mean like like Well, Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad um uh uh okay you know like well so um occasionally. Occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he you know like I mean like well you know so um well may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.