Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My so like like like like I mean I mean okay okay name is is is is is is is is is is Kiran krishnan. Um like okay um uh you know I mean so okay. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about about about you know okay like uh well I mean I mean I mean so about about about about about about about something that is kind of alien to like I mean like like I mean well okay um well me. I am not very I'm very informed informed informed informed informed informed informed so um okay like like okay uh like uh informed informed informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, like I mean um okay so okay um like you know Karen tell me something. Something something something something something something something something something. Have you watched like uh you know uh so so I mean you know well Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was was you know like so okay you know you know I mean well you know was was was was was was was was a culture. Where back where? I when I okay I mean well um well like I mean okay you know when we grew up so we should should should should should should should should should you know so like like like you know you know okay so should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, I mean um um okay okay like so well like right? right right right right right right right right right Yeah. So yeah, it so um well you know uh I mean um okay so was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I I I I I I I you know uh you know you know so you know I mean uh um I I I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. Um so uh you know you know so you know so uh. They just don't realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize well I mean you know well you know um I mean okay um it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies okay well you know I mean um uh you know uh okay now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.