Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for I mean uh well uh I mean like I mean um like for for for for for for for for for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in like um uh um um well so I mean so my house because we have a puppy and and and and and and and so okay well um so you know I mean well okay and and and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little okay um you know you know um okay so you know um bit different. I keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep thinking uh I mean I mean you know uh so well uh okay about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to well okay um uh so well so so okay resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate resonate with so many of uh um like like well like I mean I mean you know you out there. I want you to listen. This one all all all all okay um okay um um uh um uh uh all all all all all all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Like like okay so okay okay uh I mean well. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I mean I mean well um you know so well I mean okay pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by I mean I mean um I mean you know well I mean so okay fast. Now. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now. I know this like well I mean so you know like you know you know you know sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh you know isn't isn't isn't isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They so okay well you know I mean uh okay well I mean need to to to to to to to to to to hear about her like well well so I mean well you know uh I mean resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different different different different okay you know you know um I mean you know okay um well different different different different different different storms that have taken place in her well well well uh so well okay um you know life. Thanks for listening. Please let let let let let let let let let let me know I mean well so uh okay uh so okay you know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.