Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that okay so I mean I mean like I mean you know like uh that that that that that that that that if you listen to my stuff for free I mean okay well well so so like um you know every single day if you listen to to to to to to to to well I mean I mean uh well like you know I mean I mean to to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of uh you know so um um uh I mean you know you know content. Content content content content content content content content content. There's over tick like you can uh okay uh I mean you know uh well so uh listen to me once a day for 10 straight years years years years uh like so um like uh I mean um you know years years years years years years and not have to pay nothing. But guess you know you know well um I mean well you know I mean uh what happened in those 10 years years years years years years years years years years um like okay well I mean um well okay um Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went I mean you know I mean um um like well um um went went went went went went went went went to Auburn and told the coach you know I mean so I mean well well uh well so to come get me. Then he went to the pros pros pros pros pros pros pros I mean um I mean okay like I mean so okay uh pros pros pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all you know um um okay you know so I mean um okay these kids in the hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood who okay you know so um okay you know uh you know uh didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the the uh okay uh um well I mean I mean uh so the the the the the the the the NBA they Daddy with him when I mean um like like you know well like uh um I went to the NFL. They took their daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy like so um well so um like you know like daddy daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they uh so uh okay you know you know like you know well became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.