Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher I mean you know like so well like uh like so conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences here at Tommy's high okay well okay so uh you know like I mean okay school. So I thought maybe I would go around and and and so okay um so well um um okay I mean and and and and and and and do something special a little bit different going uh like I mean you know so um I mean well well to go around and ask random teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers like like okay like uh uh um so uh teachers teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have like I mean like well you know well so well you know written. I'm going going going going going going going going going going to pull um so um um like like so well you know a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're they're they're uh you know well so uh you know um okay well they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to answer it and we're going okay okay uh like you know okay okay you know you know to get some interesting answers. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay um well well well uh I mean you know like sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We We uh um well um I mean um uh um well We We We We We We We We have another official guest and okay okay uh I mean okay well I mean so like I cannot wait to interview our next guest here here here here here here um well okay well okay I mean uh I mean so here here here here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story I mean you know you know uh um uh uh like okay that they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to share okay you know well okay I mean you know um like I mean with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you you you you you uh um uh well so okay well so you know you you you you you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.