If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some I mean um uh well uh so okay you know okay some some some some some some some some workouts at home, if you are a like well I mean well um I mean you know like you know mom with kids and you really really struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle so you know um well you know well um uh okay struggle struggle struggle struggle to find the time or if you travel a okay okay you know you know I mean uh okay um you know lot then you need this this this this this this this this this I mean like um well like uh so so I mean this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll um well okay uh so well okay you know uh repeat again. Again again again again again again again again again. Been Ogden dot code well um you know you know um so like uh you know at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which which which which which which uh okay uh um well okay um okay okay which which which which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. Okay so I mean so you know you know so okay like. You also get access to to to to to to to to to to uh well uh um uh like like well like the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do uh um um like okay uh okay okay like do do do do do do do do do every single exercise on the plant. Like uh I mean um um like um you know okay. No equipment needed. You might need a a a a a a a a a so so okay well uh so so so um a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very so okay so I mean like so I mean I mean okay minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal equipment and stuff that you know uh uh I mean you know um well well so you can find around the house. And so if you answered answered answered answered answered you know well um I mean well um so um I mean answered answered answered answered answered yes to any of them questions at the start go I mean like well you know well um like um uh and get the planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet I mean um uh okay uh you know well so you know is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.