Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor you know so um like uh okay so okay uh anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to I mean okay uh so uh like I mean okay um make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free free free free free you know I mean um you know I mean um um okay I mean free free free free free this creation tools that allow you to record and uh okay so uh so um uh like I mean edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from um so um um I mean so okay you know um your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the you know um well so okay like you know um uh rest. Rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on um I mean I mean so okay uh um I mean well most popular platforms, like apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google I mean you know well so okay like well I mean well podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn uh I mean like um so uh uh you know um earn earn earn earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's you know so so um like like uh I mean like everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know well uh I mean uh okay okay you know well and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f like you know well I mean uh you know like I mean you know m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. You're well um um well I mean well so um uh listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows allows allows allows allows like uh um you know so okay I mean okay like allows allows allows allows allows people like you and me to invest our money um um you know so okay um so uh like in the more entertaining way. Way way way way way way way way way. Um um okay like uh so so like um. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I I mean um I mean uh okay well uh um uh I I I I I I I I I make most of my money by uh um so um well I mean well well okay flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down down down down down you know okay so I mean I mean you know well you know so down down down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process well like okay okay okay I mean so I mean um the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and so you know okay um um like well I mean so more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back back back well you know so I mean um you know well uh well back back back back back back back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival okay well I mean I mean I mean okay so um uh isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.