Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. So I mean well like I mean so okay like well. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to The so you know okay so well okay well okay well Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would would would would would I mean um so um well you know um okay I mean would would would would would like to talk about with your view to give okay uh um I mean like um so like I mean lessons that they learned from their their their their their their their their their so you know um uh uh you know so um okay their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given given so um like um I mean so you know so um given given given given given given given given the lesson behind everything we're going uh I mean I mean I mean you know okay well um you know to talk about today. Now in this episode. We We We We We We so like um okay I mean you know like you know um We We We We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say well like well so well uh okay you know uh exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly where but it is hella I mean um you know you know uh you know okay so um windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord well uh so okay you know like like so you know Lord Lord Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the well um so like um so well well uh storm hit and and and and and and and and and and stuff. People kind of like well you know okay um well well okay I mean Penny but this is next level. I am not used to to to to to like I mean I mean like like well you know you know um to to to to to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't uh so so okay well okay so uh you know just get ready. Let's raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise raise yourself. Let's well well well like you know like you know you know um not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's that's that's uh I mean I mean you know okay well like okay I mean that's that's that's that's that's been in the making for God knows how long don't so uh uh well like so okay I mean um you just you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.