Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you like well so okay so I mean like okay uh you you you you you you you you you about the anchor app. Okay so uh okay so so I mean like like. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to so okay um like um you know uh like like to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me tell you why I mean so I mean you know you know well well so uh first of all, it's because it's free. Free free free free free free free free like okay you know like um like well okay I mean free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit so you know you know um you know I mean well um you know your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your um um like well okay okay uh you know okay phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know uh like so so I mean so I mean uh podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher I mean uh you know like okay I mean so uh you know or any any any any any any any any any any pod catcher well you know well like I mean um so um well out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast so I mean uh well I mean you know um uh uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you okay I mean I mean so well I mean I mean um okay need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all in one okay like so um um uh well uh I mean place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot dot okay uh um okay I mean like okay so I mean dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- they have all the information so um you know like well you know like I mean well there for you right there. So do it, it, it, it, it, it, it, like so well okay okay um okay you know you know it, it, it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do like uh so I mean okay uh uh I mean so talk about about about about about about about about about about that for like that um you know well you know you know I mean okay okay okay like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay like well I mean um you know I mean you know so uh Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you you know like I mean so well so I mean okay well do the thing and then we get back back back back back back back back you know uh like uh so okay well I mean okay back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.