The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there okay like okay um I mean I mean like well um there there there there there there there there there to be found whether it's the you know you know okay um like like um so like normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in in in in in in in in you know well um uh okay um um okay um in in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show um um uh um like so um like you know tonight. I'm really really really really really really really really really really excited to so well you know uh you know you know um so so have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes I mean so I mean uh uh I mean like well okay everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone is able to achieve this so okay uh well uh so so um uh level of awareness if they're willing to to to to to to to to to like I mean so so like okay I mean like I mean to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go okay okay um so um um okay okay I mean of whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever stands in their so I mean so uh I mean so like so well way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality reality reality reality reality I mean okay I mean well uh like uh so so reality reality reality reality reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having okay uh like you know I mean okay I mean uh I mean me back hug daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of mine. You uh so like like you know uh um like so sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I I okay like okay like like I mean so okay I mean I I I I I I I I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I so you know like you know uh um well uh like live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.