Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by like you know um I mean well okay like okay you know custom offsets. Offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether this I mean okay uh like you know um uh uh okay is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you you you you you um well uh so um well you know well well you you you you you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin you know uh like like so so I mean so well and today in the studio joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining you know like you know you know uh um uh like okay joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, you know well so um I mean like okay you know I mean excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse me. If you're new here, well I mean well like um you know uh well uh you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. Is is is is is is I mean like well I mean so um I mean like um is is is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Uh um uh um okay like I mean so well. Faucets related we we we we we we we we we we you know you know uh okay I mean I mean um you know um talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So well you know okay uh so uh uh you know so So So So So So So So So So yeah, we just kind of um okay you know well so you know so you know like cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension I mean I mean so um you know um uh um I mean suspension suspension suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head you know I mean okay well so um um I mean uh on over to to to to to to to to to to you can find you know uh uh so uh so okay like I mean us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday well like you know well uh um uh okay so yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with uh um okay so um um like um um hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.