If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into I mean I mean well okay I mean you know um I mean I mean into into into into into into into into into the bank, that's that's different compared uh you know you know okay I mean you know okay well okay to my regular normal standard than I feel feel feel feel feel feel so so well so okay well um well like feel feel feel feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like like okay I mean okay uh uh I mean so like if it's let's just just just just just just just just just just uh uh I mean uh okay you know like like okay say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a a a a you know um you know well okay okay so um uh a a a a a a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a okay okay like uh like so so um like month where I'm like tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling tripling it out I mean okay uh so I mean so okay uh so of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why why why well uh you know okay so you know like like uh why why why why why why why I don't know how to put that well well like well like well uh well okay stupid. Why do I feel that that that that that that that that that that way? um well I mean so so um so well well Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside outside outside like I mean so okay I mean so okay so I mean outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the um so uh uh well well so so okay business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz well you know okay I mean well well I mean I mean so Liz Liz Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner um I mean well you know so okay you know like uh owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.