You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a okay um so okay so you know like I mean well podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a well I mean okay um um okay okay well uh proof. There are certain tools that allow you to to to to to to to to okay uh so uh so I mean I mean you know I mean to to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor okay um okay so okay like um I mean so will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for um so uh um like well okay I mean I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and well okay like um uh you know um um like and and and and and and many more you can make money from your you know so okay you know I mean like like um you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you well I mean I mean okay um you know like um you know you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary well so um so okay um you know you know so proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition last year three of um like well well you know like uh I mean uh my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The The The like well so uh like uh so okay you know The The The The The The The two parties are engaged and right before so okay um um like well uh I mean like the wedding the girl told him that she loves loves loves loves loves loves okay okay like you know uh okay um okay you know loves loves loves loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached um uh you know so I mean I mean I mean uh I mean the girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl ran away with well so uh you know uh okay okay I mean okay her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, married, married, married, married, married, you know well um you know okay uh uh so so married, married, married, married, but within a month my friend found out that well like uh well like like uh um okay she was still in touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch you know okay okay okay I mean well well well so with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce so you know I mean so okay you know well um okay divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce right away. Such experience has made me okay um so so like okay like well uh wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.