All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what um uh you know uh so so I mean like well what what what what what what what what what we host our podcast um I mean I mean uh uh like so um okay on anchor dot f m that's right. If If If If If If If you know uh like uh well I mean so I mean well If If If you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest so well uh I mean so uh um um well free way to get get get get get get get get get get started this like um you know okay you know you know uh um so got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the the the the the the like so I mean um so you know so uh uh the the the the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need uh um I mean um okay so like you know so a computer, but you you you you you you you you you you can do um well I mean I mean you know uh okay so well it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the the the I mean um I mean okay so you know I mean uh uh the the the the the the the most challenging part, you know want to mess so well uh um um uh uh um um with that. They got you covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered you know well you know I mean like um uh I mean so and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any any I mean um I mean okay like well uh like um any any any any any any any any other place podcast or founds And you I mean um okay okay so um okay so like know what, you can monetize it it it it it it it it it it like well you know um like you know like so so to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world okay uh uh well uh like so okay you know world world world world world world world world world everything. You need to make a okay okay so um uh like well so well podcast all in one individual place. So, you you you you you you you like so um uh uh so like um well you you you know what head over to your app store download the anchor a I mean so you know you know um um um okay like poor head head head head head head head head head head anchored on FM to you know so uh like I mean well I mean well well get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and and and and and and and well like uh okay like um like okay like and and and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This um so uh I mean you know so like okay so is wien amazing amount. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're listening well I mean so um well you know I mean okay so to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.