Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's uh okay well well well like I mean so um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time. I love cast I mean so like um well so well well you know Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You You You You You You um uh um so I mean well I mean uh I mean You You You You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome you know okay so you know you know you know uh uh like back to to to to to to to to to to another episode I mean well okay well uh so well so um of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new new new um uh well so uh I mean well like uh new new new new new new new studio yet because we had a little bit like okay you know I mean um uh uh uh so of a hangout if you watch the the the the the the the the the like okay well you know uh okay I mean um I mean the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few okay well I mean you know like so okay you know so few few few few few few few few few weeks ago we found Mice well um um um uh well I mean you know okay in our basement. So we had to put our project project project project like so okay uh uh well I mean so well project project project project project project on hold for a few while we get um so so um like uh well you know like rid of that. But in in in in in in in in in in the okay like um so I mean well I mean uh um meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a a okay um I mean okay you know um like so well a a a a a a a a podcast in three different places. This okay well okay um well okay uh so okay is definitely the most comfortable out of all all all all all all all all well like so okay okay like uh well you know all all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you know uh okay you know you know well I mean so you know seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen you in like a week and a like well so um okay okay like um you know half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.