This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the the you know I mean like so I mean um like you know uh the the the the the the the the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems I mean um um um okay uh I mean well like a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to to to to to to to um I mean you know uh so well well you know um to to to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this um uh uh like like okay you know I mean well right here. I promise you you you you you you you you you you you want so I mean well so uh okay um um well the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey Hey I mean well so well so like well um uh Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a I mean I mean so you know okay well so okay you know quick little intro on what you're about to to to to to to to to I mean well like um uh uh okay I mean well to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a you know um uh um well so like like uh teacher At Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Nations the class. He like you know so so like like okay like I mean teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked asked asked asked asked asked like uh so like okay uh okay okay you know asked asked asked asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it okay uh I mean you know uh well like well um it's really good talks about about about about about about about about about about core so uh uh okay like I mean okay okay uh values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know you know so okay you know like uh like like uh know know know know know know know know know what your core values are so um like so um um I mean well okay I mean you can create culture within your team within within within within within within um I mean okay well so well so you know uh within within within within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.