Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be be okay well um I mean um uh well I mean okay be be be be be be be be explaining to each and every single male like okay um okay like okay okay so okay out there specifically how to become more masculine to to to to to to to to like well you know well so like so like so to to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is um uh so you know uh okay well um I mean such an important important important important important important important important important important topic is I mean well um I mean um I mean you know so so because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny uh um you know you know so I mean so uh you know Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're like well well uh like um um well um in control of of of of of of of of of of like like um like so I mean I mean um uh what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. Like well okay so uh like so well okay. Success success success success success success success success success. This is ridiculously important to you know I mean well um so so uh um okay your happiness. And not only that if you want to to to to uh um you know okay so you know uh so well to to to to to to become a man of value so that I mean uh so uh uh um so you know well way other men or other people in in in in in in in in so like like um I mean I mean like you know okay in in general can lean on you. You're going to have to um um well I mean well you know well like you know learn this. So here's the deal. Deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal. Okay you know so like so uh you know um um. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person like well so um like uh uh well so who cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot sit there and like okay uh so so um you know uh well focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very very very you know I mean um like I mean like I mean okay like very very very very very very very well. Okay, because this video might take me well so I mean so I mean so uh so you know a little bit to explain so grab a pen pen pen pen pen pen pen okay I mean like you know I mean okay you know uh okay pen pen pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes I mean so like like okay so well like well to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.