With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be um well you know okay like I mean I mean well you know be be be be be be be be be an adventure a getaway okay well so like like like you know uh uh and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. Require require require require require require you know well like um well I mean I mean well okay require require require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to I mean uh like you know um so um you know well help you find it. It it it it it it it it it. I'm todd. Okay uh uh well uh okay um like okay. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so so uh you know I mean like um you know well like okay so so so so so so so so happy for you that you got the you know well so I mean I mean like I mean well so Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't uh like um so well uh uh uh okay weren't weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Uh um so um okay like okay okay so. Sports cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars in the winter you know um uh okay well you know well uh uh sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I I I uh like okay okay so so I mean okay um I I I I I I I last started it the day after Christmas because I like uh I mean uh okay so like um I mean had to get it out of the the the the the the the the the like well I mean um uh well okay I mean uh the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head head you know uh um well okay well well okay um head head head head head head head head around this you started it last night um um okay um like uh like well uh started was the day after Christmas. So that's been been been been been been been uh like okay so well well well okay um been been been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It I mean um okay well um well um you know you know moved was a a a a a a a a a a month before that. Well so um okay you know um you know uh like. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one one one I mean like uh okay I mean so so you know uh one one one one one one one thing. I mean I could tell mean you know like you know so I mean um well uh okay granted it's not a heavy car is is is is is is is is is I mean well I mean you know you know well you know so well is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.