Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, like well so you know you know I mean uh I mean you know Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and um like uh well I mean uh um well you know and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships I mean um you know so you know okay like I mean um Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean I mean so um like I mean so well uh like this this this this this this this this this this is I think the okay so like okay so okay like uh you know first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and and and and I mean okay uh uh I mean so I mean you know I mean and and and and and and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at I mean um okay well like you know okay like like hair Love retreat in May we're going going going going going going going going well okay okay well I mean uh okay I mean I mean going going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going um you know okay you know uh well so um you know to be be be be be be be be be be a salon? Because of okay okay like so uh so okay you know okay course we going to be there with her love retreats. Retreats Retreats Retreats like you know I mean okay so like so uh um Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have you know I mean uh I mean you know like you know um well Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to to to to to to to like um so well so well um so you know to to to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the um well I mean uh okay uh well well well very schedule is City City City City City City City City City City way, they're you know I mean okay you know you know you know well I mean well going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give give so so you know I mean you know well well so I mean give give give give give give give give away a ticket to handle of retreat well like um okay so well uh so well and Miss Elizabeth phase want to to to to to to to to to well you know okay well um like well I mean uh to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm okay so you know I mean um well well well I mean so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited schedule is so um okay you know I mean um I mean you know uh to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.