What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast I mean you know like so like uh uh so um where where where where where where where where where where we talk to you about you know like okay I mean um um like uh I mean how you can start and grow your hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping okay so okay uh I mean so so um um hardscaping hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. Uh well uh I mean well so um okay like. That That That That That That That That That That means every day this week. You okay so so okay um so like uh um are likely going to get an episode based based based based based based based well okay you know you know I mean okay like well um based based based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value um uh well uh so um I mean okay uh come and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually this um I mean um so uh I mean like so you know week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend well so well I mean you know so so okay so friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine. He like well well um okay um so you know so works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about about about about about I mean so um um you know like um I mean I mean about about about about about acquiring the right type of Clients for your um okay so so okay uh uh like so business not just any clients, but but but but but but but but you know well you know um uh well like well you know but but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to to to like uh okay you know okay okay uh okay like to to to to to to to get them into your business as leads and um uh like I mean I mean well um I mean uh where to take it from there? So So So So So So So So uh you know um okay you know uh well okay I mean So So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without I mean um I mean like uh well so you know I mean further Ado here here here here here here here here here here is our interview um I mean you know uh okay um I mean so um with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a well well like okay okay you know well well um a a a a a a a a a business development manager for intrigued uh um well I mean you know I mean so so like media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.