Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm so okay you know like okay um you know well I mean I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Simon and in today's so uh okay well you know um um um like episode. This is the audio version of video that that that that that I mean um you know like like okay um like I mean that that that that that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If well I mean I mean you know I mean you know um uh um you like this show, please do do do do do do do do do so so well so um um um um well do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be uh so well well you know you know well um um awesome and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it. Okay okay um well I mean uh like well okay. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And And And And I mean uh um you know uh um uh like I mean And And And And And And in the video today, we're looking at the like okay you know uh okay I mean so so okay top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st you know um um you know so um um like I mean 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer like you know you know okay uh so uh like so Norway seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking revenge for the okay um you know so like so okay I mean so 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and and and well well like like uh well you know well you know and and and and and and and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the like you know uh I mean so um I mean well okay murder was just another blunder by by by by by by by by by by a uh okay so uh like okay I mean so okay country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious well I mean uh you know um um I mean um um egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we I mean so okay uh okay well like like you know have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before before before before before before before um I mean um like um I mean well like okay before before before you get into the list. I will say that this uh well well okay um I mean so well so is a a a a a a a a a a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.