Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the the so I mean like okay okay well like like okay the the the the the the the the mentorship group as Leaders. We know uh uh well like uh so well I mean like that we need the wisdom of a mentor to to to to to to like like like you know I mean like um uh like to to to to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, so I mean okay I mean uh I mean okay like so too often finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding that person. Um like I mean so well well uh so um. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them them them them um so okay uh I mean uh like like so them them them them them them then on the other side of the world or is uh I mean um okay so like you know I mean like too expensive or they just just just just just just just just just just okay well you know so uh I mean um I mean so don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a I mean I mean well well well okay like I mean so one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one basis and at the okay well you know I mean like um I mean I mean uh start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about how I I I I mean you know um I mean uh well uh okay you know I I I I I I I can mentor more people how I can help more well like you know like you know um so well so people. So I have have have have have have have have have have created an like I mean I mean so so okay you know okay so online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live um well uh well so well well okay well for for for for for for for for for for monthly group mentorship sessions. I mean like I mean you know like okay I mean okay okay. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you you you you you you you you so well well you know um um like well like you you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this uh so you know uh you know uh you know well like would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.