Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and okay you know like so you know well okay um so and and and and and and and and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a um so I mean well so okay well I mean well new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so so so so so so so so so um I mean like okay well uh uh uh okay I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's uh okay um you know like well well uh like happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened in the news and I think like I mean um uh so you know well um you know the bigger story which we thought was was was was was was was was um you know I mean like well okay um so well was was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a like well well like you know um so like you know little chat together. So Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump went to india. You know well I mean so so I mean so okay I mean. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, there, there, okay I mean like um okay uh well so like there, there, there, there, there, there, there, I mean, okay look before we These okay uh you know so uh you know um uh you know I know everyone like beats up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump I mean like uh okay well um you know uh you know Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be be well like like okay uh you know well uh you know be be be be be be be be boring right now. I want to hear well uh okay so you know so so um uh about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously uh well okay uh um um I mean so okay hilariously hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen um okay like I mean well uh I mean like you know the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie names and stuff. You're I mean I mean I mean um okay um so you know you know talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I I I I I you know okay like um so you know uh I mean like I I I I I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk like I mean well you know you know um so uh well about them, which which which which which which which which which which is good. I I mean like uh you know okay so you know you know okay mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to to to to to to so okay um like so I mean well like you know to to to to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.