Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an okay okay like you know so so I mean well you know EF down. Down down down down down down down down down. So happy to you know uh uh uh like um like uh okay be here with you today the music in the background, you you you you you uh I mean like uh okay I mean so like I mean you you you you you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren um like I mean so I mean you know um you know well Wells make sure you grab a copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy copy well well you know I mean so uh well I mean so of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you you you you so like like well um I mean I mean so I mean you you you you you you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his you know so um I mean okay like um like you know wife Jill this week continue to to to to to to to to to to send I mean um uh so uh well um you know well your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's like so I mean I mean uh you know like so so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's again at pray for jill.com. Uh um okay I mean well I mean well well I mean. They on the show is one of my favorite the the the okay you know okay I mean okay so um well I mean the the the the the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the you know you know so well like you know okay well so original people that were writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing so you know um so uh um um uh okay in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's you know well so so so um I mean like um She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's a New York Times bestseller and you know like well uh I mean like I mean uh I mean her most recent book just came out out out out out out out uh like well so so I mean uh uh so out out out last week if called on the bright side and it is like I mean well so okay you know I mean well you know excellent. We jumped right right right right right right right right right right in we okay well uh I mean okay well um so like haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.