You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to you know uh uh well well you know so you know uh to to to to to to to to man Booth today on Monday, March like uh so um okay like um so like 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March March March March March March March March March so um I mean like well well you know I mean you know March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, like okay you know so so I mean well okay okay March 6th. 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. And as we go um um so well well so like like um through the spring, there's going to be a break again after after after after okay um you know you know like I mean you know well um after after after after after after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we well like okay so like well you know okay you know will try to to to to to to to to to to hit um um you know well so so like you know okay as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open okay uh okay I mean well uh like well you know open open open open open open open open open to the media how many we well okay well I mean so uh like okay well have Tim we have five open by Focus Focus Focus Focus Focus Focus Focus um okay like well so okay um you know um Focus Focus Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's you know okay I mean you know so um like um um and in in in in in in in in in in the new facility, so um so uh uh okay well okay um okay we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage you know like well well like you know okay I mean okay vantage vantage vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to I mean I mean like like okay you know okay well you know get a a a a a a a a a a or an hour like like you know um um you know I mean okay like to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can can can can can can well I mean well uh so so like so well can can can can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're well so I mean um uh I mean um so uh actually set up up up up up up up up up up and you know okay um um I mean okay so uh uh can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.