As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a uh well um okay uh okay well I mean uh half. Half half half half half half half half half. What does okay I mean like like I mean I mean so well like sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was was was was was was like like uh okay you know like well you know you know was was was was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that I mean I mean so so like like okay like well room was through the the the the the the the the the the roof. Okay I mean uh like you know uh so well like. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably probably uh okay well you know I mean I mean I mean like you know probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably a fire hazard looking back at it well well well okay I mean okay uh uh well but us being students not our number number number number number number number number okay uh uh uh uh uh um well okay number number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could I mean I mean so okay like well uh well well win and there were were were were were were were were were were Current objects um I mean um okay I mean okay I mean so like of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what what what what you know um you know um I mean I mean you know like like what what what what what what is safe for the radio. So I'm so well okay uh um okay I mean well um going to kind of curve that but also also also also also also also also also so I mean okay well okay you know I mean like okay also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting getting getting getting like um like so like okay you know I mean um getting getting getting getting getting getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a so so well like okay you know you know uh you know thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state state state state state state state state state state funded I mean I mean I mean um well I mean like you know uh money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.