Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly well so um like you know you know so okay I mean about about about about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can so okay okay uh so uh you know um uh listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one one one one one I mean well um well you know uh well so so one one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium like so so like you know okay um so um account and that is is is is is is is is is is great because so I mean like so uh well well you know like let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit like I mean okay well you know like so like I mean bit bit bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite I mean so uh like you know uh I mean uh like podcast. So you never never never never never never never never never never well um you know okay you know okay so like uh miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends friends friends okay well you know so you know like I mean I mean well friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can okay I mean well I mean you know okay so um uh even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and okay okay like so you know well well like well and and and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too well well you know so you know uh you know well I mean many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but you know so um okay uh I mean you know like like this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the the okay so so um okay you know okay so well the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for like well so so I mean like you know you know so your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the um uh okay well okay you know I mean um so the the the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on uh like like um you know um uh you know so there. So you you you you you you you you you you never well well okay you know I mean uh like okay like miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into into into you know like well like well so I mean okay uh into into into into into into into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 well I mean uh I mean okay so you know um uh of optimal living advice to podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean you know uh I mean uh uh uh uh podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.