If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so like you know okay uh well I mean well well podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's um I mean so so uh uh I mean I mean um free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and uh okay I mean well I mean you know uh okay so and and and and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um I mean like like okay like uh so you know pop your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. I mean like you know you know um okay I mean okay so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more so like so like you know you know um I mean you know more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast uh you know okay okay so I mean I mean like so with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need you know okay so well I mean um um so uh need need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able I mean um uh uh you know like um I mean okay to do do do do do do do do do do this without anchor. So thank uh I mean I mean well you know well well okay well you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free free free free free free free uh like well uh uh um so you know um free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey well um um you know I mean um well you know okay everybody. We We We We We We We We We We just wanted to let like okay so you know so so uh so uh you know for this one starts. It's not a a a a a a like uh well like okay well uh uh so a a a a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes uh I mean so so well I mean uh um like of Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Olive baseball and y'all okay um okay I mean you know um uh well well do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.