Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm like so so well well uh okay I mean well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, you know I mean like like um so uh um um huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I I I I I I I uh like you know well like uh like uh um I I I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've you know um okay I mean okay so I mean um like already listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to you okay okay well so um like so uh uh enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff stuff um um well well I mean like uh I mean I mean stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to go over today. Not really so uh you know so you know I mean like um well because we just watch the same teams play play play play play play play um well uh you know like you know okay um like play play play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Um well so um like you know okay you know you know. Yeah. Thanks both of you you you you you you you you you you um well you know you know so I mean uh okay I mean on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream okay uh like so um so so I mean uh and you you you you you you you you you you were like, oh, it's not so um okay you know uh like okay you know I mean that bad right on this pan. So now you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well I mean okay um so okay uh I mean you know you're you're you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I uh well so well I mean um okay um you know did not not not not not not not not not not that bad. But what uh you know um you know okay like you know so okay I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own own own own own you know like you know uh I mean so okay like you know own own own own own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about okay you know you know you know uh so you know okay okay it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections okay like I mean so um I mean uh like you know selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke woke I mean well so um so um so you know uh woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.