You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a um okay I mean well um uh uh um like podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. So I mean well um well you know I mean like uh. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit edit um I mean like okay okay you know okay I mean like edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast, right you're from phone I mean well um well well you know you know um uh or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it uh I mean you know well so you know um uh you know it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay like like okay so um I mean I mean you know more you can make make make make make make make make make make money so well like I mean you know so I mean I mean well from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like I mean I mean uh uh I mean well okay so a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Uh you know uh I mean so well well like you know. I want to ask you a question. Are you living living living living living living so okay um you know I mean like well okay well living living living living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all uh I mean um um you know so okay like I mean have that that that that that that that that that that picture in our mind not like um okay so um well uh okay well that life. You want to live my question to you is is is is is I mean uh so um um okay um like okay is is is is is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would I mean like you know uh uh I mean um like I mean say no. Well why why why why why why why why why why um like um um you know you know I mean well you know the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't doesn't well um you know well um well you know okay uh doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't seem feasible. I don't have like like well okay okay like so um well those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in in in in in in in so okay um well you know well okay um like in in in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.