I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the well like I mean okay you know um um well so basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement on my mama's new um like so I mean so so uh uh okay couch. That's when I heard it all a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance uh you know uh I mean so um you know uh okay chance chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He uh so so well I mean like well um so knees are shot. The The The The The The The The The The top graphic cards uh um uh well okay you know so um um got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering towering towering towering towering towering you know like okay okay okay okay like um so towering towering towering towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving I mean you know I mean well uh so so like I mean the larger Bay topped topped topped topped topped topped topped topped topped topped it I mean okay um so I mean um like you know you know off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. Out out out um I mean okay okay you know well okay you know so out out out out out out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP you know so like well I mean okay like um well engineer. My friends and family family family family family family family family family you know okay well uh you know okay well I mean like family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them like so you know you know like like so so well eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat their words because I like you know okay you know well uh okay uh well don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um well so uh like like uh like you know don't don't don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire so like um I mean well so I mean so you know selecting software and and and and and and and and and and reading the notes. Uh you know um like well you know okay um uh. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick Rick Rick Rick well okay I mean I mean um like okay um you know Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my um I mean so so I mean okay you know so I mean mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.