Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. Today so like I mean you know um like well you know well today today today today today today today today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and you know okay you know well um you know I mean um I mean grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. Grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother you know um like uh you know you know uh well uh grandmother grandmother grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. So um you know like uh okay uh you know so. We've not not not not not not not not not not seen for a long time. So you know I mean I mean like so so okay well. We get to share stories about this woman that that that that that that that that um um uh okay like I mean um you know like that that was in our life and so important to many of us and you know so um okay I mean uh uh like like I wanted to to to to to to to to to to just acknowledge that um um so you know like well I mean well you know story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today today today today today today today um like uh uh you know I mean okay well uh today today today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about okay um um okay well um um uh like this woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman that we're grieving okay okay well you know so okay uh okay uh and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks quirks quirks I mean you know okay um okay like um I mean uh quirks quirks quirks quirks quirks quirks quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human like I mean well uh so you know uh well I mean nature. And so today I want you to to to to to uh like so well like so you know uh you know to to to to to kind of join me not just with the people you know you know you know you know like so like I mean so that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.