Okay. The question was um what what is your opinion of youth uh spending a year or two in in public service. I think it would be a great idea. I'm not sure about requiring it you know of people because people are going you know feeling resentful. I don't know. But I think it would be a great idea. Yeah. <SEP> Seems like there's so many kids that don't have any since of you know what they want to be or do. Or you know they could learn something and maybe help other people at the same time. And we sure our country all countries sure need help. So. Huh-uh. Would uh would you be more in favor of uh you know like a local uh. My only experience with it I was in Central America for a while and uh in San Salvador in El Salvador. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. For instance everybody had what they called there social year that they had to put in. Oh really. And basically it was a uh repayment for for uh high school education. <SEP> Huh-uh. And most of them joined the Red Cross. And it was done internally. I just. There was very little external. I think possibly what uh they're thinking about here more external Peace Corps Type things where we're sending people off shore. Yeah. <SEP> Well I think that would be real interesting for people to do. But I guess my concern about that would be the cost involved trying to train people in a new language and ship them you know to other countries. Huh-uh. And but I don't know. If you did it internally and it was just people in your own country then maybe countries that are so poor that they wouldn't be able to really you know send children to do that. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't know. I don't I don't know how the Peace Corps works. I guess I was of age when the Peace Corps came in and all that. Yeah. I was too. <SEP> I thought seriously about joining at that time. I thought it was a fantastic idea. Did you ever get any information on it like. I sent off for stuff on it. But I don't remember that much. About it. I know that they trained you in the language. And um. That's what I was wondering about was whether they actually. <SEP> You actually got paid too while in the Peace Corps. It wasn't much. Yeah. But I guess they you could put some money aside while you were there your expenses and. Wasn't Jimmy Carter's mama that was in the Peace Corps? <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. But it might be interesting to see what would happen if you took kids at a and then took then to another country instead of having being exposed to all the drugs and violence and sex and everything here and take them to some other country that had different moral values like Saudi Arabia where they couldn't drink. Where they couldn't do that. Yeah. You might end up with a revolution. I don't know which end though. <SEP> Really. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's been interesting though the kids that have been over you know coming back right now you know. Yeah. You wonder if being exposed to that for a while what percentage of them would actually say Hey that's not a bad way to do it. Because from what I understand from some of the guys I know you know crime uh is punishable just almost uh instantly and public. <SEP> Public hanging. Yeah. Public hanging and this sort of thing you know. So you don't have just a whole lot of what we consider street crimes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I've heard that like in China and stuff there is virtually no such thing as rape because if you rape somebody you'd be murdered you know on the you know street. So. Yeah. Well I guess that's uh the price of freedom I guess is a little anyway. The uh uh the the public service thing again. I I I guess in my own having had the whole three or four minutes to you know give it a great deal of thought you know Um I I think I agree with you one hundred percent about it being some sort of voluntary. But when you do that then it becomes almost uh a. Or it can be. <SEP> Yeah. You know there have. People will kind of set up their own little club. Yeah. That's true. And uh but if you know. <SEP> People that might benefit most from it might not go in that situation you know like people that really are trapped in a ghetto or something like that. Yeah. Might not go if it was voluntary. But I don't know how they'd enforce it. If it was. Yeah. Well if they went AWOL what are you going to do. <SEP> Yeah. Shoot them. Put them in jail. <SEP> I don't know. Send them over to Iraq. Yeah. Right. Have a vacation in Iraq for a year. I know my dad always talked about uh. He was in C C C during uh. <SEP> Yeah. And he was uh a rock rib Iowa type republican. And the only good thing he could ever say about uh the whole Roosevelt administration was uh civilian conservation corps. Huh-uh. Because he was in it. He thought that was great. <SEP> Yeah. The rest of it was all hog wash. But that was great. Well it seems like it would develop pride you know in people if if it's in their own country. It would certainly help them to appreciate some of the things that we have here and develop some pride in them if it was handled that way. I I. It would take quite a few people. I think it might build jobs for people you know that were administrating and running and training and coordinating and all that. So maybe that part of it would be helpful too. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. Yeah. The only. Like to have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and. Well you know that brings up the interesting subject too you know. What would you have who who who would determine what these people do. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know if uh you know if it's run by the individual state. You know like C C C was run by the army. And in effect. Huh-uh. And the only opposition to it really was that it was you know starting some sort of a military elitist type you know special corps of cadre of people and that sort of thing. <SEP> Huh-uh. And uh when the politics get real confusing. Yeah. Really there could be um some scandals involved if you know it wasn't people that were really fair and le- you know in a legal way or something. Yeah. <SEP> They could send all the people over to uh you know one particular part of town or one particular project that somebody had paid somebody to you know get supported. Or. Yeah. Well. We've gotten to the point where you know if if well if the racial make up of the group was such and such you know they'd have to do that percentage of work and what is perceived to be that part of town and you know That kind of thing. <SEP> Yeah. That could be a complicated too couldn't it. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Suppose uh well you know they had a group who were construction oriented. And they went and they they built uh can't think of a good example a swimming pool or anything you know. And one you can you can only build it in one place you know. And know matter where you build it somebody else is going to scream well you didn't build one over here. Yeah. That's true. Unfair or something. Yeah. Yeah. I think uh. Oh boy. <SEP> It's one of those things on the surface you know it seems like a great idea. It's like a joke I heard once about uh elephant foot soup you know. It's easy to do once you find a elephant foot. It's uh the logistics of the thing that uh gets you going. <SEP> Yeah. Really. Yeah. Well it seems like there's there's a lot. You don't hear much on the news about young people really you know wanting to do anything good or anything like that. But you know I'm sure that there are a lot of young people out there that really do have good hearts and are willing to help and serve and that kind of thing. I just I saw on the news the other night that the uh the little girl that used to be the littlest girl on the Cosby show Kisha Knight Pullman was starting a. I guess now she's practically a teenager. Yeah. <SEP> She started some type of um national organization for youth to volunteer to teach tutor other kids to read and you know do different service projects like that and trying to get youth more directed towards you know helpful things. And I know everyone like in the high schools in Dallas. There's a couple high schools that have wanted to start like a um minority you know. I think it was in a Hispanic area. They wanted to start like a club for the teenagers instead of they said all these gangs kids could join to belong. Huh-uh. But they didn't have anything positive the kids could be doing helping you know. Yeah. <SEP> So they were trying to start that out. So if there's people out there that are willing to you know kids that are willing to sacrifice their time and energy. Gosh we ought to use them. You know. If they're willing to do it. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's just the you know. Here you are to the logistics of the thing again you know. <SEP> Yeah. Who's going to run it you know. What. How. Oh it's just so many. Yeah. Like like I said at the beginning I've got so many connections with people in Central America. My daughter-in-law is Panamanian you know. <SEP> Huh-uh. And they have situations like like that down there. Where they they have these the social in some sort of way. Huh-uh. If you want to go to school outside the country and many Salvadorians did they'd go to school in Cornell Iowa of all places. <SEP> Huh-uh. And when they came back they'd have to serve this this year. And it turned out to be kind of a joke. The ones I knew you know always chose the Red Cross because they didn't do anything. Oh I see. And they had all kinds of uh things they could go into agricultural and you know Really good stuff. <SEP> Yeah. But uh unless there was a flood or a fire or something like that Red Cross it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was it was very slim. Yeah. Yeah. And so. <SEP> Well we um belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints which is like the Mormon church. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. And um there there is men and also women. Women aren't nearly as frequent. And also that have elderly couples once their kids have left that can volunteer to go on a mission. And um they're all over the world. And it's incredible logistics. I mean they have a training center where they teach them. It's called the Missionary Training Center in Utah. And they have to be taught the language and customs and all those kinds of things. Yeah. <SEP> And then they um you know go and actually live in that country for the the uh. Young men do it for two years and the young women for eighteen months. Okay. Then that's uh kind of a private organization. Right. You know I'm I'm familiar with. My instructor pilot was a Mormon. He was he was a good construction uh you know in- instructor pilot because he considered himself indestructible. <SEP> Oh yeah. He had a direct connection somewhere uh. Yeah. Right. He felt that he really had an in. So You know things he would do with an airplane. <SEP> Yeah. But any rate that's off the subject. Yeah. But I. <SEP> They they don't get paid for it. And um but there is funding that comes. They're supposedly saving up on their own. And the church helps them out some. Huh-uh. But you know that it is incredible you know. I see how they were organized in Central and South America. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's uh. Yeah.