Hi. Hi. Um okay. What now uh what particularly particularly what kind of music do you like? Well I mostly listen to popular music. I uh listen to it all the time in in my car. So I I tend to be one of those people who switches stations a lot because I don't like commercials. But uh I find myself listening to popular music. <SEP> Yeah. And uh quite honestly I I have some little children. And I unfortunately found myself listening to a lot of nursery rhyme music here lately. But that's not by my choice. Oh really. How about you? <SEP> Well um I don't have that I don't have that experience to share. Lucky you. I I do I do listen to a lot of. You know I do I switch the stations a lot because I don't have a cassette player in my car. Um um. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh uh however I I do I do like a lot of different forms of music. So I switch quite often. Um I think I like. I I'm really particular about the type of music that I listen to. Uh-huh. But the uh. There's such a wide selection. I think I like a lot I like a little bit of a lot of different types of music. You know I I I like music that is that I feel. If it is performed correctly or if it's done right or if the version is done right I like it. Yeah. <SEP> But if if it's not then I won't. I I really don't. How do you feel about rap music? Rap. It seems to be so popular these days. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I don't really have anything against rap music. I. The one thing I do object to about rap music is is when it becomes militant or if it's uh violence oriented. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I I have strong objections to that. Um actually I listen to. One time I remember this was back when even uh. I would say about ten or fifteen years ago I. When it was really just starting. Yeah. Right. When it was just starting I heard what was called talking blues which actually is rap. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it was about. The the piece of music the piece of music was about I think about forty or fifty years old. And it was incredible I mean the parallel you know between it and rap. Right. And um you you listen a lot. If you if you hear a lot of old gospel uh uh especially well the black gospel. You know you will you know you can really pick it up. I mean. Yeah. You really. It seemed to be influenced by a lot of different music. A lot of times you'll hear songs that you know they're not original but have been put to a rap kind of a rhythm. <SEP> Yeah. And uh sounds it sounds so much different. And yet I I have a much younger sister who listens to a lot of rap music. And uh she thinks it's pretty funny how often I know all of the words to songs that she's listening to. And yet she thought they were brand new original pieces. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. They they do they do copy versions they do cover versions of of you know like standards I guess you could call it. That's right. <SEP> I think it's kind of absurd you know the fact that you know they don't really they don't really give you know the original artist or the original composer the credit that is really due to them. No. Yeah. I guess there was even a a bit of ruckus caused by the M C Hammer who's really you know. <SEP> Yeah. Seems to be the hot one of of today. He used um WILD THING. Do you remember that that song. Yeah. He used um. I can't remember who the artist was on that. <SEP> Jimi Hendrix was the original. Who? Jimi Hendrix was the original. He wrote. Was it. Well ma- maybe it wasn't that one. Because it was a living it was a living person that I'm I'm thinking of that um that said `` You know hey that those are my words. ''. <SEP> Okay. And uh I guess that they because they hadn't originally gotten um permission from him to use it. Uh-huh. And he he since then has has amended that and paid them his royalties every time the the song goes on. But. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know. It may have it may have been somebody else because I think I think that even Jimi Hendrix did it. I think that was a cov-. You know come to think of it I think that was a cover version of like a John Lee Hooker song or something. Maybe so. I I can't think. I mean it was just like. It was really old. <SEP> I mean I I. There are a lot there are so many different songs. I mean like the whole thing about cover versions a lot of times. I mean I've heard some songs that that I just thought were horrendous cover versions of. I'm like you know I I don't want to listen to this. Because you know you think of the original is like. Yeah. You know oh that was really great. That was a you know a really good piece of work. And then when you hear the cover it's like you know God what are they doing. Right. They destroyed it. <SEP> I I think a good one was um. There was a Peter Frampton song. Oh yeah !. And then the cover version I think I mean I thought was absolutely it was pitiful. I I remember seeing the video of it on M T V. And I thought it was hideous. <SEP> Yeah. I did too. It was. Ugh I didn't like that either. Yeah. But you know whatever became of Peter Frampton. I mean there was nothing. He was a phenomenon. I me- there was no reason for him to really come into you know great stardom or anything. I remember I saw him in a concert when I was. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think I think it. I think it was in high school. Yeah. I think that probably what did it for him was the fact that he was a good stage performer. Uh-huh. He was very good. I remember I saw him in a huge stadium in uh Philadelphia. It was in J F K Stadium if I can remember. <SEP> Oh man. Hundreds of thousands of people is what it seemed like. Yeah. I've I graduated back in seventy-nine. So. Um um. Uh-huh. <SEP> But but I've really. I I loved. I mean I was I was really into the album oriented music even then. Uh-huh. So I was really familiar with a lot with a lot of of the A O R type music. Um the album oriented like the uh James Taylor and the uh the Beatles. Oh yeah. <SEP> And you know I mean a lot of people they go they're better than the Beatles. And I'm like you know you don't know what you're talking about. No. <SEP> I mean the comparison made between New Kids On The Block with the Beatles. It was just. You can only laugh. Yeah. You just sort of. You know well I guess I can just humor them you know. At this point. Right. Well they. I guess our age is showing when we we think that. <SEP> Yeah. But well you know I I I've liked a lot of the new music. I think um um when. Uh-huh. I saw some promise you know with with a lot of the new wave when it when it came out uh back in the mid and early eighties. Yeah. <SEP> And then um I don't know. Music is kind of in a weird it's in a very weird position right now. I think that. I mean I like you know things like to hear you know what they call world music. Which is you know using all these natural forms of music. And. Like Paul Simon. Like. Yeah. Yeah. Paul Simon. Yeah. <SEP> Well you know really that's not world music. But what what Paul Simon's doing I think is is is great because he's you know I think I think that using I guess what they call it is eclectic you know. Drawing from a lot of different sources and making you know a synthesis of a new type of music. Um. Yeah. What do you mean by world music? <SEP> Well world music is um. A lot of the a lot of where they where they make music that they adapt to a to another kind of to another type of listener. Uh-huh. Uh for example let's say you're taking like an original Brazilian form of music and with a certain style. And then you try to make it a little bit more listenable for let's say another audience let's say a North American. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then when they hear it it it's a really it's another form of music and you know sort of um trying to draw out the best sources. Um. The the best of every type of music. Right. <SEP> Because I mean there are some I mean. I I li-. There are some you know types of heavy metal that I really like. But but I wouldn't I wouldn't say that I I completely like heavy metal. No. I I think. You know and it's the same way with. You know world music takes the forms that have really been um. I guess I. You know the best example or you know the cream of the crop I guess you could say. And then and then taking those those qualities and then applying in the styles that are really um that are extremely enjoyable and then taking. So then it becomes a kind of music of of its own so to speak. Or uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It becomes a kind of music of its own. I mean when you listen to it it's um uh. I think that they don't use elec-. Some of it. It's. They use electronic and acoustic interchangeably. Uh-huh. So you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles. Right. <SEP> But they're they're trying to make it somewhat more modern. I I I. A good another good example was I heard Miles Davis. And Miles Davis worked with Robbie Shoncar if you can believe it. Uh-huh. I mean You know he's a jazz performer. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then he's playing with Robbie Shoncar who's a very good. He's a very good arranger. Uh arrangement to uh. We're going to have to get off. The. Are they trying to. I don't know. But uh. We've talked our five minutes though. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. But I mean when I heard his album I heard it and it was just incredible. I've been listening to that a lot lately. Yeah. I I listened. And I heard. You know you hear this guitar. And then you hear the muted trumpet. I. Me. And you never would think that they that they can actually play together. But. Oh yeah.