Okay um. I don't know about you. But where I am we have a like an extremely lax dress policy at work. And it varies like every day. I mean from jeans one day to business suits the next. It's pretty bad. But it's true you know. They tend to try to be you know real lax. And supposedly the policy is like you know we you know we hire these wonderful creative people. And we don't want to smush their creativity you know. We want to go ahead and let them do what ever they want. And you know you really will see people in in jeans one day and business suits the next. <SEP> Well I'm kind of that way too. I work in the legal department. And where we are now what we're doing is some very big lawsuits that happen to have a heck of a lot of boxes of documents. Yeah. And I get to toting around boxes of documents several times a day. It always seems like I'm doing that. And I can't see getting dressed up and wearing heels and stuff when you have to carry you know boxes of documents around. So if I'm just going to be there working in the litigation center and doing you know odds and ends and stuff with the boxes of documents I dress down. But if we're going to have a meeting where we're having the attorneys come in or people from uh other party's attorneys and stuff then I normally dress up. Yeah. And I'll wear a dress and hose and stuff. Yeah. You know we're kind of that way too. I try to. I'm the same way you are. I kind of try to judge from day to day. I know you know where I am we work a lot with the customers. And we have a lot of government folks come in all the time. And and you know if I know that they're going to be there you know you I try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if I know they're not you know. I I've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know. Uh-huh. And it's just it's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress. <SEP> That's right. That's right. It is. And so. As a matter of fact I thought I had one funny story. When uh I was at T I the first year or so we were sent out to our record retention facility to look through two thousand boxes. We had them in the warehouse. Uh. <SEP> And at that point it the warehouse was over across the road. And it wasn't air conditioned. And it we were there like in the middle of the summer. It's unair-conditioned. It was dusty and dirty uh. There was like a fan at the very end of the row. And that was it. And so we didn't really know we weren't supposed to. We thought T I dress code was just dress appropriate to your job. Uh-huh. We wore shorts. We didn't know that was a big no no. Oh no. <SEP> And the supervisor from another area came up to us. And you know this area where record retention is there's only a few people that work there. And he sho- he knew who worked there. He should have realized that we weren't regulars in the warehouse there. And he came up to us. And he just said who's your supervisor. Well he called our supervisor and our supervisor and our supervisor's supervisor. And it went up all the way to the head of facilities complaining that we were wearing shorts. Oh no. He didn't at at least say to us did you know you're not supposed to do that. That could have alleviated a big problem. We ended up getting called out on it. Oh how awful. It sounds like Mister Power Hungry. <SEP> Yeah. You know just yesterday though I saw a girl in the spine out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts. Uh-huh. And I don't care. You can call them split skirts. And you can call them culottes all you want. But these were shorts. That's all they were. <SEP> I don't care what else you call them you know. If they're below the knee okay. Maybe you can call them split skirts. If they're above the knee they turn into shorts you know. And these weren't even really full ones. I mean they had a problem out here with it last summer wearing these shorts that were you know the real wide full ones you know. And becau- these weren't even those. These were like pretty short black. And they were very dressy. The were black velvet shorts. And she had on black hose and black heels. And she looked very very nice. <SEP> Um. But you don't wear shorts to work. You know I mean as far as I'm considered she was in violation. And nobody says anything to them. It's always been a big problem in Lewisville in the summertime. Um. You know if they just you know. The management doesn't ever seem to want to take an cut off you know that no. This is wear we're going to draw the line. This is shorts you know. <SEP> Yeah. And and nobody will ever kind of take control and do that you know. Um. So it always gets annoying because the rest of us are going well God we have a pair of those at home too. It sure would be cool and comfortable to wear you know. But. <SEP> Well I've seen some people try to just come in like over the weekend because they want to use the TexTeller machine. Yeah. And they have said no. Yeah. And then during the week you see these women in the you know. Just because you put on a pair of hose with them doesn't make them not shorts anymore you know. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I've never seen them do it without hose. I mean they always have hose on. But still it's they're shorts. I don't care what you say. They're shorts. Well I think T I's dress code is pretty lax considering everything anyway you know uh. <SEP> I know I didn't know that E D S has a very strict dress code. I had a friend. Oh do they really? Oh definitely. I had a friend who worked there for a year or so. And they spell it out. For men it's particular suits uh the pin stripe and the particular colors of shirts and win- wing tipped shoes. Oh my God. <SEP> Oh it is definitely lined out. Women are not allowed to wear slacks. You wear coordinated suits. I coul- I couldn't afford to work there. And and a particular kind of shoe you know so high heel. Oh it is spelled out. Oh no. <SEP> When I was looking at her materials when she first started you know she had her benefits package and all that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. And it told about the dress code. And it said these are the color pastel shirts you may wear or white shirts with this kind of stripe in it for the men and this kind of shoe and hair just this way. T I -s says no shorts and no halters. I know that's it. <SEP> Yeah. And E D S is very particular about this hair cuts. Wow. I mean it was like you can't have you know such and such facial hair no beards you know and just really detailed. I don't know that that would be a good environment to work in. I mean I see. I I am more. I don't know about anybody else. And a lot of bosses may say I'm nuts. But I am more productive when I'm in pants. <SEP> I I am. I work faster. I get things done faster than when I'm in a dress and heels you know. I. And it's weird. But I it's I do I can I can get so much more done if I'm dressed comfortable you know. Well the the time we were there at the warehouse we felt really bad because we had uh another person coming from Washington our outside counsel. And she was told that we were going to be in a warehouse. But she really didn't get the idea that we were in the warehouse part of the warehouse not the office to the warehouse but the warehouse. Right. <SEP> And she came with skirts just like she'd be going into the office. Yeah. And we'd try we'd try to say didn't you bring any pants or anything. We're we're out here in the warehouse you know. You you got your skid of you know that wooden pallet of boxes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you're going to have un- unload you skid look at the documents in the in the boxes and then repack your skid. And she And she was so she was so hot and miserable you know in the skirt. You can't do that in a skirt poor soul. Oh yuck. <SEP> She finally tried to go buy you know a pair of pants. But you know I mean it was just completely miserable for her. Yeah. That's terrible. That's terrible. Gosh. Well I don't know. I just figure you know yeah. Sometimes I worry about you know if I go in in pants. And I never I never ever ever ever go in in a pair of jeans you know. But I'll go in in pants. I mean today I had on a pair of you know navy blue dress slacks and and uh like a peach colored top and you know not cruddy but not a dress either. And sometimes I wonder if stuff like that would will hold you back you know if you don't dress in you know your dress for success business suits everyday if you know if upper management doesn't notice that and remember that later on. But you know I don't know if they do or not. You know I see a lot of the managers. And they're in jeans. So you know. <SEP> Some of our people in the legal department. We have um assistants to the general counsel. And it's funny. Because there's one that always wears a suit. A matter of fact he's never seen without his jacket to the suit on buttoned. Really wow. And then there's another one who's who's a little younger and a little more yuppish. And he's always kind of like in the khaki pants and you know a shirt. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes he wears the jacket to it. Yeah. And some of the patent attorneys have been real casual in their clothes. And then other ones tend to always wear a suit with a very starched cotton shirt. So that's just. Isn't that funny. <SEP> With the you know the little suspenders or something on. So. We've we've kind of had a variety there. That's great. But I think a lot of times it's it's mainly who they're going to meet with. Or they're meeting with people that they know is going to be dressed that way then that's how they are. Yeah. <SEP> If they're just going to be meeting with T I -ers like to talk about a patent kind of thing and the they're engineers that they're talking too they dress kind of like how the engineers are dressed. And they're usually casual. That's the way to do it. I mean that's the smart way to do it. Yeah. It really is because you're making you know. If when they're meeting with the engineers who they know are going to be dressed down if they come in in you know a six hundred dollar three piece suit it's going to make the people they're meeting with feel very uncomfortable you know. Or it would me you know. <SEP> It's one of those slippery attorneys coming in here. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this slick guy. I wonder what kind of money does he make. Uh-huh. I can see it now. Well it was good to talk to you. It was really enjoyable. <SEP> Yeah. This is this is kind of a fun project. It really is. I've done some of the other speech programs. But we've never got to talk to another person. It was always just talking to the computer. Oh yuck. Yeah. <SEP> So this is a little different. Well it's kind of enjoyable. I'm really looking forward to it. Yeah. Well thanks a lot. <SEP> Okay. Bye. Bye-bye.