Uh well how is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes? We uh. Well uh my my husband is right now teaching an aerobics class. Uh-huh. <SEP> He's an aerobics instructor. And um is going to be uh entering North Texas for uh a Kinesiology program there. Uh-huh. And um the the. How I met him was through uh the aerobics class that he used to teach. Uh-huh. You're a student? <SEP> Yeah. So. I'm I'm an avid aerobics uh person and just very very athletic. Uh-huh. Enjoying a th- you know uh anything dealing with sports. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So and how do you feel about it? Uh I'm I am a person who wishes I had more time to exercise. I I don't feel like I. I don't very often do things for the sake of exercise. I don't feel well unless I am exercising. And I try to do things that involve exercise. But I very rarely do things like um. I've never done aerobics or any sort of structured. This is my exercise time. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I do lots of outdoor sports and things bicycling uh you know mountaineering a little mountaineering this and that. And I spend a lot of time. And I probably get more exercise than your average person. But it's not a a structured sort of thing. And I have to admit I have a certain resistance to the idea of exercising for exercising's sake. Uh-huh. And perhaps it's because somehow that implies to me it's not fun or something like that. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I've. My. That's the way my mother stands on it. She feels like if it's something that you have to do you know if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes it becomes a chore. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. Yes. And and she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore. So um and I feel that way too as far as you know just sitting and doing you know to the idea of doing fifty sit-ups or something you know. To. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> You're a calcu- you know. Calculated down. And do your calisthenics you know three times a week. Uh-huh. Or but but I do try and um I do try and regulate how much exercise I get a week. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Is that why you like aerobics classes because you're not sort of someone else is doing the counting for you so it makes it less of a chore? Yeah. <SEP> And it's got. And I've always enjoyed dance. Yeah. So it involves you know. I I can't get out to dance all the time. And. Yeah. Would that we could. <SEP> Yeah. And it's and it's more regulated. I mean you're you're using different parts of the body. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So it it is like dance. An- and it's structured like that. But you have the music and someone like you said someone else is counting so it makes it easier for me. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And someone else is telling me okay you know let's move this way let's move that way instead of me having to think about it so much. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. You can just trust someone else to give you full exercise. And all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm like you. I also um like to participate in uh things like. Well we just went to the uh Myererson Symphony Run this past weekend. And and that was a lot of fun. And you get to meet different people and um just get out you know out and about. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it's it it's something you can all. Like our. We did it as a family. So it was it was quite a lot of fun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And biking. And I I I love to swim. So I love it when you know it's swimming weather. Um. <SEP> And uh. Well you're talking to someone from California where it's often swimming weather. Oh. I didn't realize that. Uh. <SEP> I'm sorry. Well I'm in Texas. I I just assumed that I had. This is the first call I've done. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I didn't realize that they ha- were going to reach out to people from all over the country. <SEP> You wouldn't know that. Oh I. So it's the it's it's the the act- well it's actually. It's interesting because there are re- real regional differences. Um in California there's uh almost an assumption um unless you're sort of clearly of an older generation or something you know in your sixties or something like that. I'm I'm I'm not. Uh. There's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness and and at least in urban California. And maybe not. I don't know about rural California too well. But in urban California it's just you know. For all I know aerobics started out here. I don't know where they actually started. But they you know the craze really picked up big here. And before that there was the running craze. And they. California gets you know tends to be a bit faddish. But the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere. <SEP> Uh-huh. So there must be something to some of them. And uh. Well I think people are are more inc- um um. People from California seem to be more health motivated all around. I mean as far as the diet and everything. Uh the diet and uh just your health consciousness. And I mean it just seems like uh a lot of those ideas generate out of California. Uh-huh. <SEP> Not just exercise but health health related ideas. Yeah. And I. It's curious I don't know why don't know if it's. Do you. Does California have a. Well there's a sense of it being a package. <SEP> I think. There there is a sense of you know whole. There's a lot of you know. You'll get organizations like institutes for the whole health or whatever. And uh oh the the the uni- University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER. Which is uh turned into a fairly well subscribed to uh newsletter monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that. Uh-huh. And and it doesn't deal with just exercise or just stress management or just diet or anything. It it's on fairly so- solid scientific ground. Uh it's just dispensed with these distinctions. It says ever- all sorts of factors go into health and there's no reason to talk about one rather than another so that they they combined them all together. And uh so it's had that orientation for quite some time. Um there's been some progressive medical schools out here that have taken that approach. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um. Now do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that the you know you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program. Boy. <SEP> Do you think the program came first or the. Yeah. That. There's a. I I can say there's a correlation but I couldn't say which which caused the other. They sort of dev- you know each developed a little bit and then would feed off one another and develop a little bit more and a little bit more. Yeah. The more money they put into it. Yeah. And. <SEP> I can see that. And cause I. Knowing. From institutes of learning like that I know that they've got to get their money somewhere. And somebody's got to be willing to pay for it and believe in it. So. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And part of it is California you know in back in the sixties had a lot of alternative movements. And some of them fizzled out. And some of them were disastrous. And others of them um had an impact on the society around here. And one of the ones that had an impact was uh people becoming interested in alternate practices. I'm not sure if it was a meditation practice or if it was you know which is similar to a stress management practice or alternates to uh A M A approved medicine. Uh you have you know major um acupuncture schools and things out here. And and you could have them around long enough. And more and more people start believing them or wondering how to combine them with other things. <SEP> Uh-huh. And before long you you get this this whole kind of Gestalt this whole package of of health of health care and options. Uh-huh. And uh and exercise is is strongly considered one of them. The irony is is it's people in the cities in my experience that are most oriented towards doing the exercise. And I guess because they spend all day in back of their desks. The average person out on the farm at least traditionally now they drive fancy tractors as much as anything but at least traditionally the laborers. <SEP> Yeah. Last thing. Or they're older. Pardon me. <SEP> Well don't you think they tend to be older in the rural ar-. I I sometimes think that it's almost frantic effort on the part of the people in the city. Oh like everything else. I live in a rural area. So you know I see that. Yeah. Yeah. The rat race to exercise. <SEP> It's yeah it's it's like it's frantic to you know to uh achieve something that that a person in a rural area uh almost doesn't worry about it to such a degree but stays you know almost healthier you know. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I I think so. <SEP> As a fit person. I mean you you've. If you look at cert- if you look at other cultures. Like I know a little bit about people who were considered very healthy in China. And they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all. But they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise. And they combine it with a you know meditation or whatever. Some sort of relaxation. Uh-huh. And they seem pretty you know. They don't have the hard body. They don't have that perfect look. And an awful lot of exercise is sort of image conscious. But they you know they live to a hundred and ten some you know. <SEP> Yeah. And that that's. Well don't you think a lot of that is diet too? And a lot of that is diet. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean they eat they eat a lot of carbohydrates and not much fat. Um for economical reasons not for preference. Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> Yeah. And as we can see. Well I'm a I'm a practicing vegetarian. So uh I've read a lot of information knowing that to be true. Yeah. Am I actually. What's that? I as am I. <SEP> Oh are you also. Yes. Well that's that's good as far as the cal-. Is that is that um pretty predominant as far as California do- doe-. It is in the urban areas. Yes. <SEP> In the urban areas? Most for example most restaurants in an urban area will have a little vegetarian section now. Uh-huh. Oh that's wonderful. Well most most mo- sort of modern looking restaurants will. <SEP> Yeah. You can. That's great. I mean we uh. It's such a chor- it's such a trouble here. I mean you just have to eat at home basically. I was wondering that. Because I was actually applying for a job in Texas. And and and uh it occurred to me. <SEP> Well of course in the cities. Yeah. Well in the cities. We live close to Dallas. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh which you know. You get uh an influx of a lot of people from all over the country. So you're going to have a lot of di- more choices. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But but in urban areas it's you know steak places. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> An and it's not a you know. Yeah. It's uh it's definitely. It it's it's changing to a degree. But um it's very frustrating. And even even with health food stores and stores where you can buy natural products or uh organic you know materials and foods and things. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You don't really have that. I mean you would think.