Have you ever gotten one of those calls that is either generated by a computer or somebody going down a list. And they're either offering a service. Or they're introducing some new product in the area. And normally when they call you're either in the shower. Or you're in the middle of cooking something. And you have to stop everything to run to the phone. Yes. Yes. Is is that one that you're talking about. That was the big one I'm talking about. I work weird hours. And invariably just about the time I'm going to sleep the phone tears off the wall. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you are trying to crawl out of a half unconscious sleep and answer the phone. You either hear the cli- as soon as you say hello you hear the click of the recording coming on. Uh-huh. Or you hear somebody all ready starting reading off a list of stuff that they've read probably a thousand times that day already. <SEP> That's true. Or the ones that are are generated by a computer. It's just a computer voice that comes on the line. Those are the ones that I really really hate too. I've even had some of them. The they're voice activated. And you've got to say hello twice before they'll do anything. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Sometimes I I get them on my uh answering machine at home. So and I hate that when I've got a whole bunch of messages. And I go through them. And most of them aren't from anybody at all. What I would love to see done to stop all of this. <SEP> Uh-huh. We've got a thing in this country. You can have your phone number unlisted. Uh-huh. And I think a law should be passed to where any of these people. I think it's great that you know freedom of speech in this country and everything. But if they're going to offer these services or these recorded message everything they ought to be stuck working with the phone book like everybody else instead of using a computer to go through and just go down every sequence of numbers for this certain area code and call them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. See I have an unlisted telephone number. But I still get all of those calls. And then some of them are speaking in a foreign language that I don't even understand. So yeah. I do. I really feel that's uh an invasion of my privacy. I agree with you on that particular subject there. Let me see. That's about that as far as any other everyday occurrences. I put a stop to some of them as far as the door to door either religious groups or people peddling products. If I wanted their products I would have either gone to the store to bought it. Or I would have called for their salesman to come out. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's true. Living in an apartment complex though you know you can't um you can't really stop those people from coming around even though they put up signs out front that says no solicitations uh. But they still come up to the front door and uh you know walk around. So usually what I do is I'll call the apartment manager and tell them hey there's people coming around you know. And they're trying to sell something. Or or they're from a religious organization. And I really hate that. I really really do. I had somebody come to the door about two weeks ago. And uh gosh it was about nine o'clock at night too. It wasn't even what I would consider you know family hours. Time to you know start going to bed. And uh and it was somebody from um oh what was it the uh Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. And uh I've read a lot about uh that particular sect. And I don't particularly care for it. So I especially don't like for them to come up to my door and and try and talk to me. Now I agree with their right to uh pursue their religion of choice in that whatever manner they want to. But I think they should also respect the sanctity of the American home whether it be in a house or in an apartment. I'm on my turf. If I want them there I'll call for them. Otherwise I don't want to know they exist. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. No. I I agree with you there. If they want to choose that particular religion that's fine with me too you know as long as they don't try and pull me in and drag me in. And and I don't like the way that they do it either. And and it's their mission that they do it. They go door to door. And they go out into the public. And they actually have the uh teenagers serving two years like you would say like in an army and two years in going around and doing missionary type work. And uh I don't know. I just um don't particularly care for that at all. And that that's one thing that I feel really strongly about though is uh you know people coming up to my door and especially religious organizations and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion. Because I have my own. Now the part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting. I've even gone so far as to put that. I've got a storm door on the front of the house. And I've put in. I don't know how much clearer it can be. It's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting. I should have I guess I should make another one that says religious or otherwise cause I still get. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. No. I don't uh I don't have I didn't go that far. But uh yeah. I probably could do the same thing uh you know. I don't have a storm door. But I'm sure I could rig up something. But you know I don't think that that would stop people. I it's like they see that word. And it says go instead of stop. Oh goodness. I wonder if there would be some way we could get these people to do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers. And then reverse it. And do. Well that would be technically illegal. It would be harassment. <SEP> Oh gosh. But I consider an invasion of my privacy a harassment in itself. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true um. Well what else? I believe we've pretty much summed everything up. I know. But I remember you you talked about something. You started off and said. Well let me think. You talked about the telephone calls and people coming and soliciting and selling things at the door. You said something else. I can't remember what it was. And I thought yeah. That that kind of touched a nerve right there. But we got uh we got to talking about the uh uh people coming to you at the front door. I'm drawing a blank. <SEP> Oh goodness. Okay. Is our five minutes up? Uh pretty close to it. Pretty close. Well I've enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> Well it was nice talking to you too Jim. And take it easy now. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Good night.