Okay. So um. Yes. We do keep uh well we started out keeping a budget about two years ago. We have a computer here at the house. Uh-huh. And I made a Lotus spreadsheet and went through the year using all of our our checkbook to figure out what we spent each time and whether we were over or under for each month. And then basically since then what I've done is is keep track of it through the checkbook. So that based on whatever we've got coming in the check coming in then how much I'm spending each half of the month and then trying to also spe-. Because our house payment is once a month. That's our our biggest uh expense. So I take half of that amount out of my checkbook each with each paycheck even thought it's really still there so that I can keep uh uh good balance a running total yeah through the month. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> A running total. Yeah. What do you all do? <SEP> Uh we've we've uh taken how much we have you know write down how much we have coming in each month. And then uh we've. At the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend. We sat dow- made up different accounts like you know. We've set a budget for each you know household expenses or food and clothing and entertainment and then our our own fun money and just stuff like that. And then we write down each each time we spend something we write down in a book. And at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we you know. We we try to stay within a certain budget. So. Is it is it hard to keep track of it. Or does it work out pretty well? Um it takes some it takes some dedication to do it. But it it works out real well. So. And and you're staying within your budget and keep- everything is working pretty good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I stay wi- I have to stay within it. So I you know. And then we have that you know. If you can't stay if something comes up and you can't stay within it then we have uh you know a budget for you know like we call our slush fund or something. And some- an unexpected comes up then you're not you know you don't feel it so strapped. You don't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and do that. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Because we don't you know we don't charge anything that we can't pay off by the end of the month. That's a good choice. We've been trying we're trying to uh do that this year. We've budgeted the money that we used to spend we were spending on a CODA account with T I and then money we were also buying stock with for that year. We've taken that this year and said we're going to pay off all of our credit cards. You've got paper under your table. And uh we have uh another loan with the bank. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so we hope by the end of this year that by doing that we'll be free and clear. <SEP> To be out of that. Free. <SEP> Yeah. The only thing we have it to pay off is our is a automobile loan and our house payment. And that's the only thing we ever. That's good to be in that kind of shape. We try to stay out of debt. What are you all trying to do long term. <SEP> Huh. Oh it's long term. We just. He ha- you know his retirement plan and then to CODA and stuff like that that's all we. And you know we just have our life insurance for right now. Uh-huh. So we don't have any long term you know in stocks or anything like that right now. So. Yeah. Mostly what we're doing we've worked we've done the uh CODA account with T I where they we put in so much a month. And then they or so much a pay check and then they match it. <SEP> Yeah. That's what we're doing. So that's that's worked out pretty good. And then I used to work for T I. And I have. When I retired from there or left I took the money I that I had in mine and put it in an I R A. And we had an out we had an existing I R A. So we have both of us have some money in an I R A that we're also trying to figure. To put it we're putting it in C D's right now. Uh-huh. And then we're also looking at it in possibly getting a mutual fund. <SEP> Yeah. When ever we get enough saved we stick it in a C D for a while. And then uh you know and then when if we need it we wait until it it's expired. And then so. Yeah. The other thing that we've done that that was really nice to see we had one of the financial companies um. Han- uh John Hancock company came out. And their agent did a long term analysis based on salary and uh what we were pla- what what our uh goals were on a long term budget in terms of retirement kids college paying off the house buying a different house um special thing buying land and building our own house. Uh-huh. And they did an analysis for us based on what we were putting in and the time frame that we wanted to look at and then gave us a good idea back you know some good information back on whether or not we were going to achieve those goals and or not and what we needed to do so that we could achieve them and the money we could put in at what time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or not. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. That sounds interesting. We've never done any-. We have. You know just our our life insurance guy has come out you know. And he's set up uh you know determined how much we need to you know we need if something were to happen. Yeah. That that's the other financial thing I guess that we've done is with our life insurance is since I'm at home now is is figuring out uh what we would need if something happened to my husband or what he would need if something happened to me. That's a a big thing to think about. Right. Yeah you know. If I would sell the you know. If he something would happen to him I wouldn't stay in Texas. I would uh sell the house and move back home you know to my home town. And and uh I wouldn't stay here in Texas. So you know I don't know what he would do. Okay. I guess that's most of my um financial plans right now. <SEP> Yeah. Mine too. Is is there anything you'd like to add? No. That's about all for mine. Well it's been nice talking to you. <SEP> Nice talking to you too. Bye bye. Bye bye.