Okay. I don't know. Which end do we push. But okay. Okay. Well um let's see. I I think there's a lot of people that don't vote because they don't really think their their uh opinion is going to be heard. And you know there's such a small voice and such a huge number of people in the United States. And that you know. Their yo- vote's not going to make that much difference. And whether you vote for one person or the other person the issues is what you know what you believe in. And that person is going to have a lot of uh. Since there's so many issues this one person can believe a lot of different ways on all of them. Right. Yeah. <SEP> So it would be really difficult to have that one pers- perfect person that believed exactly what you believed. That's true. You know a lot of people uh uh. I think the that it ends up the people that uh vote every time uh elections come around are more the the polly uh the party type followers the guys that uh you know follow the party lines you know. And they you know just go in. Yeah. And if they're Republican they vo- vote Republican every year you know. And uh the people that are independent you know are the ones that don't uh don't really uh show up every year because they can't seem to to decide which are the good aspects and which are the bad aspects of a candidate. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Ye-. I always thought. It was back when Anderson was running I was hoping that things would change and he'd actually get elected and party politics would start going down the tubes. But um that didn't work. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's uh a lot of extremes on the parties too with the you know the real uh far side of the Democrats. They're real liberal now and to where probably fifty or a hundred years ago um the Democrat party being liberal like they are now you know would never be thought of. It would be the other way that the Republicans were real liberal minded as far as like uh moral standings and those kinds of things. Uh-huh. <SEP> But. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh. And then and then people always get upset about it too because you know every year the the the politicians are the ones that are usually pushing for more people to vote. Uh-huh. They they each think that uh if more people vote they'll get more votes huh? <SEP> Yeah. I'm always amazed at that that each candidate thinks it's going to be the people that come out that will vote for him you know. Yeah. That's that's true. I think in uh the Texas governor elections I think more people turned out to vote against somebody than for somebody this time. Yeah. Well that uh. I know that there's certain issues that can really motivate people because we live in a pr- pr- predominately Catholic type area. <SEP> Oh really? And when things start uh. When when abortion comes on the issues and people just get all insp- inspired you know. Right. And uh still on the other hand we're also uh. This particular community is a Catholic community. But uh uh down in D C where where things are a little bit different uh you know it's it's women's rights and the and that sort of movement. And so it's uh quite the opposite. So elections start getting very uh. The elections where they have that topic seem to be a little bit better attended than some of the other ones. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. But uh. Yeah. That's true that the different places in America that uh you know different issues would be a lot more important than say in another place. Yeah. I can understand why why some of the the rural areas the voter turnout isn't as much because it does seem sometimes like the lobbyists in D C are like controlling things for the the Midwest. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it doesn't matter who they put in office they're going to fall subject to uh the pressure that the lobbyists can put. Right. Yeah. And it's uh real true that uh you know they'll say one thing to get elected. <SEP> And then once they do get elected they don't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised you know beforehand. Right. You know maybe it just wasn't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing. You know that's uh. With the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to even try to do. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well I don't think he's going to have to worry about that next year. I think he can probably raise taxes and still get elected. Right. Uh. <SEP> Right. After the war. Uh-huh. That really uh. Unfortunately that will probably even drop lower the voters turndown even more because more Democrats will think that they don't have a shot. So they won't even bother turning out. <SEP> Uh that's true. Yeah. They'll just say oh well you know the Republicans have this election. We'll see you in four years. Right. Yeah. Hope some of the local. Well that's what they they keep saying that it seems like people with old-fashioned values are the ones that aren't turning out at the at the booths. They they say that these older voters that uh you know they they feel like the kids are running the the country. So they they don't come out turn out to vote. And they're the ones that uh you know really know what's going on have the experience and seen you know how politicians can you know screwup or what ever. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I know my grandmother hasn't voted in years. Right. That's. You know neither has mine as a matter of fact. And uh that's true. They I think they look at it as well everybody the majority of the people think this way when that's not necessarily true because you know that's what the media says. <SEP> Well the majority believes this way. So uh they don't even bother turning out to vote to express their uh opinions. So that's that's true. Yeah. Wonder if they're going to take into account this computerized conversation that there's little children you know bouncing in your knee the whole time you're talking. <SEP> Yeah. Do you hear the dogs in the background here? No. I can't hear them. Okay. They're. The children next door just opened the fence. And they went off. Oh yeah? <SEP> Yeah. But anyway that's. I guess we've uh talked long enough. And uh that was sort of interesting. Yeah. What part of the country are you from? Uh Washington D C. <SEP> Are you really? Uh-huh. Wow. This is. I'm in from. This is Dallas where I'm at. Oh okay. <SEP> The outskirts of Dallas. Well I figured with Texas Instruments they'd probably have a few uh Texans on the line now and then. Yeah. Do do you work for T I in any way? No. Huh-uh. <SEP> Wow. How did you how did they get you? Um they they went through engineering companies. Oh. And uh we're communications. I I work in a communications company. <SEP> Oh okay. Right. I work for T I. So we saw it on the uh T News one day. And I thought wow that might be interesting. Yeah. Sort of different. Yeah. They called me at uh ten o'clock one night. That was very strange. <SEP> Yeah. I guess they were doing Eastern Standard Time. I was like. I don't know how long it takes whether it takes five minutes or twenty minutes. Yeah. Central Standard Time is what they're doing it by. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I still haven't figured out what the zero through six days which day is which yet. But I didn't study it that hard. So maybe I'll figure it out. Uh-huh. <SEP> But anyway it was nice to talk to you and uh sort of meet you. And that was an interesting topic. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well if you're ever in uh D C come look up Wayne Sherman you'll say oh yeah talked to that guy. <SEP> Okay. I'm I'm Kyle Hunt too if you ever come to to Dallas area. Oh. Okay. <SEP> We live right by the airport. Yeah. Yeah. So do we. Oh okay. Yeah. Right next to Dulles. <SEP> Yeah. All right I'll talk to you later. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.