All right have you lived in this area long? No. I've only been here a couple of years. Okay. <SEP> Uh but uh I've I've noticed that uh this year it seems to have been a lot warmer than it has in the past. Yeah. It it it's it's a lot warmer a lot drier too because usually about this time of year this you know you see a little bit more rain. I mean by by mid February I mean we start getting a lot of rain. Yeah. Yeah. Well I remember last year or the year before uh we had ice and snow uh uh. But it. <SEP> Terrible ice storm uh around this time of the year. Uh-huh. And uh this year it's been so hot and uh sunny. It it's really quite uh quite amazing. Yeah. Unseasonable. I used to my wife and I we used to live in San Antonio couple years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was it was I remember the first day of Spring. It was so much ice that came down later on that afte- that afternoon and evening. Um. Yes. It was just it was horrible. <SEP> I was just talking to my son today. He's up in Boston. And it was twenty-nine there. And it was you know in the seventies out here. And it was really uh. Yeah. <SEP> He really wished he could be here rather than there. Yeah. Well um I don't know. I I guess I'm just sort of acclimated to colder weather. Oh really. Um I I like it warmer. I mean I like it you know I like it warm. But it doesn't really matter. I mean I'd I would much rather see it cool at this time of year anyway because it would mean a little bit more rain possibly. But uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I have you know. I I don-. I think it's really been delightful. I come uh I've spent most of my time in in warm weather areas. And uh uh the ice and snow just doesn't uh hold any allure for me at all. Well I spent three years in Germany. So I'm not too thrilled with the whole thing anyway. But I got used to it. It was really strange. I mean when I when when when we came to San Antonio it was just like uh you know it just just swelter. And then we got used to it. And then we went up to Dallas. And it was just. It's it's not not that it's just hot or dry. It's just not very comfortable. It just. <SEP> Her-. Do you you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas. Yeah. A little bit. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> You must well uh. It must be quite a bit hotter down there isn't it? Yeah. My wife and I the last day we were in Florida we my visiting my uh my parents and my brother and sister. We were we were down there. And the last day right before we left we had to I had to ride with my sister. And the air conditioning went out on the car. Oh wow. And we you you just get used to air conditioning all the time. <SEP> Oh yes. And this. It was just. The humidity was like eighty plus eighty percent plus. And it was just killing us. Oh yeah. It's terrible. Orlando is the only place I've ever been where I've seen the car sweat. Yeah. <SEP> I mean that's really bad. Yeah. Well I mean I I I guess I've been in some places you know where the weather was just so mild you know places like Monterey California or you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Just you know so mild. And then you've been to such extremes like San Angelo Texas where you just where you walk outside and you sweat. You know you're sweating. <SEP> Yeah. You look down at your arm. But you see the water leaving your arm. It's so hot you just feel it pulling away bizarre. Oh wow uh. <SEP> I know I I tend to I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the weather when it's very temperate. Yeah. Uh it doesn't. Some people say uh they they like to watch the changing of the seasons. But uh I'd rather you know like southern California you know have it kind of sunny and temperate all the time. Yeah. <SEP> So it's kind of a luxury. I tend to agree. But I don't know. I I think in in some in some respects it probably more tolerable. Yeah. Well I guess this the weather isn't as lively a topic as uh as some of the others we might have gotten. No. The other topics. I got one topic. They said talk about the Middle East situ- well. <SEP> I guess we're supposed to say good-bye or something and think about what. My daughter is here prodding me to say good-bye. We messed up the conversation anyway. Well I mean I've had some pretty bad I guess some pretty controversial topics. So it's just like well that was my fault. But then the weather's like. Man I mean it gets pretty mundane. I mean you can only talk about about the situation just so long. Yeah. I know. Weather's just not all that inspiring. Okay. Well it's nice talking to you. Okay. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye.