Okay. I'll let you start first okay? Okay. We um I'm presently living in a house uh. First time uh. We had the house built. And so this is our our fifth year in it I guess. And uh um it was a real excitement to uh to go out and select the house and have one made and built. And like you wanted it we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses. And um as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home. And they're good for about five years or four years. And after that they start falling apart. So I would uh not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in uh because they're overpriced uh. But they're a cheap house. If you can't afford something good you know. They're good for that. And um you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head. But as far as the costs for what you're getting uh the longevity of the house is not uh is not worth it. How about in your case? Well in my case my husband is not a carpenter. But in fact he's in electronics. But he knew the only way we'd ever have a new home is if he would build it. So it took him about two and a half years. But uh he built us a house. It's uh. We have thirty-two hundred square feet. And it's a brick house. And price-wise it was great because he did it all himself you know. So that way he could we could kind of control in control it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we live in kind of a small town. Uh-huh. And I mean it's nothing fancy you know. It's it's a house. It's nice. And it's real pretty. And we're all comfortable in it. <SEP> Well that's great. That's great. That's uh. I've heard. I have another gentleman friend of mine who uh who had a house built. As a matter of fact another guy is building one now. He's been doing it for three years. And the city's a little upset with him. But I understand you save a lot of money off uh by doing that. And uh. Oh you can because that way you're not having to pay the middle men and everybody else. Nothing wrong with that. You know. <SEP> Uh I'll vouch for that. Um. But uh of course my husband did everything except. My brother's a trim carpenter. And he came in you know and did the inside for us. And that helped. That was a big savings. And uh. Yes. And uh we had to hire of course the plumbing and the brick and everything else nothing you know. He did everything else. We've been in it six years. <SEP> Well that's great. W- uh have you been in it long? Oh really. Well have you any plans to uh maybe uh expand or move onward? N- no. We're. Well uh our kids are kind of still small now. And we had thought before maybe a lot older we don't need such a large house that we'll sell it. But he will not build a second one himself. Because he says age-wise he'll never be able to handle that again. <SEP> I see. Well. First one is always a bear. Yes. Yes. <SEP> We're having a an architect friend of mine design a house for us. And that can basically be be put on any lot in any state any kin- you know. So that's kind of we just got with him and told him what all we wanted. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it. And he's re- certified and registered. So at least we know we're it's not going to fall in or something if it's built. Yeah. Oh. But uh I have heard that your approach is is right. You can actually go out and sub it if even if you don't want to get hands on. Uh-huh. <SEP> You can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things. And and that's kind of the plan I have. So I'm uh. Yeah. Everyone I talk to uh I file in my little book and do other things with it. That's great. That's great. But uh like I said otherwise you know a- the expense. But you know we could not have one as large as we have if you know we hadn't did it ourselves. <SEP> Sure. I can imagine. Yeah. I mean it's not an Eldorado house or anything like that. But you know it's ours. If you're happy with it that's all that counts. That's right. That's right. <SEP> That's all. On- you only have to uh satisfy yourself and no one else. Ap- apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high. Oh that's uh that's uh an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell I guess. Isn't it? It really is. Because I I'm always shocked at about you know what they have it appraised at. I think oh my goodness. <SEP> Well that's great. Well yeah. I guess that about does it. Okay. And it was nice talking to you. Nice talking with you too. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.