Hi Diana. Hi. Have you all been able to do much as a family these days? <SEP> Pardon me. Have you all been able to do much as uh as a full family these days all of you. Oh yes. We've uh been um we've gone other you know all kinds of places. We go out to dinner. Yeah. <SEP> We take the kids to the park. And uh you know whenever we he my husband has time off or something we take them to the zoo. Or we you know we do everything we can possibly as a family. Do you work outside the home? No. I don't. Yeah. I don't either. It makes it a little bit easier I think that way. <SEP> Yeah. It does. An an then uh you know my husband enjoys spending time with the kids you know. He'll he'll take them out just to be with them. Yeah. So he they can have time with him an. So you have a break too. <SEP> Right. So and we uh we try to teach our kids as much as we can at home you know we have we try to spend like Monday nights we call it family home evening and have our kids uh you know have little lessons with them and you know just see count see how things are going in our family and you know teach them about their grandparents or something like that. Bring out pictures of them so they get to know them. Uh-huh. And we just do all kinds of fun things like that. An. Yeah. We have family that's far away. It sounds like you might too. <SEP> Yeah. We do. So they you know the only way they know their grandparents is by pictures. Yeah. And uh. Right. And phone calls that's about about it. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And uh you know they we you know we go to the park. Or we go in the backyard and sit down. An. That's wha- yeah that's what we mostly do pretty simple things. Yeah. Especially since my youngest one is excuse me only fourteen months. <SEP> Right. She she's really getting to the age where she's playing and likes to go places. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And with you know me being at home and just having the one income you know you don't have this lot of extra money to to do a lot of you know extra things. That's right. So you you make more fun than you know. You know the kids just think it's wonderful just maybe to go get an ice cream cone or yeah or uh you know go get a bag of M and M's or something like that. Oh that's a big thrill for them. <SEP> They they think that's a lot of fun. So we just we try to spend as much time as we can. We you know. Our our whole weekends are divi- are devoted to our children except for we might go out you know one evening or something. Yeah. But during the day you know it's all devoted to our kids. And they come go to church with us. And so. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. So. Have um have you ever been to the Science it's called the Science Place? Yes. Yes. That's what. We ju- we haven't lived here too long. And we went there a couple of weeks ago. And uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. The kids thought that was wonderful. Oh yeah. We. I guess there's Science Place One and Science Place Two. We've only been in I think it's Science Place Two. I is I'm not sure which one we went into. It was about a year or so ago when we went. The one we went in had uh. The thing that sticks out most in my mind is that like a kid's place area. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. That really seem they really seemed to go wild in there. Yeah. Yeah. They had a lot of fun in there. And uh there's uh there's some petting you know like uh uh. I think it's Owens Country Farms has a free petting you know like a farm that you can go to. And the kids can pet animals and stuff. Where's that. <SEP> That's on Plano Road. Uh it's like in Richardson you go up Plano Road. It's like a little bit past Campbell and Plano Road. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that's a lot of fun. Oh yeah. <SEP> They have tours going through there. And uh the kids think that was a lot of fun too. Oh that does sound like fun. It's a little bit of a ways. We take you know whenever we take them to Showbiz. Or they think it's wonderful just to go to McDonald's you know. They don't go for the food. They go for the to play around. And There's another place in Mesquite called Monkey Business. That's right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's a indoor fun park. And it has a bunch of different rides for kids. That's sounds fun too. <SEP> And parents get in free. And it's like during the week. It's like five dollars admission per child all day. And and you said about Plano and Campbell is the petting. The petting farm. Yeah. That sounds fun. I think maybe we'll try to do that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And the one in Mesquite is uh Scyene exit. Uh-huh. And it's it's uh. The kids just had a wonderful time there. They you know you just pay that admission. And then all the the the rides are free. You know of course they have all the little video games and you know those little quarter rides you know to and stuff like that. But they thought that was lot of fun. Yeah. <SEP> You can have birthday parties there. An I think that was better than like Showbiz Pizza cause there's more for them to do. Because they can just do. You don't have to have tokens for everything. Yeah. Right. Yeah. <SEP> So they had a lot of fun. That does sound like fun. Well I've gotten some good ideas from you. Yeah. I we try to do a lot of things as a family and you know inexpensively as possible. So. Definitely. Well I think I don't know if we've done five minutes. But I'm sure that will be good. <SEP> Yeah. That will be good. Yeah. It was good talking to you. Well it was good talking to you. I really appreciate your suggestions. <SEP> Oh no problem. Well take care. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.