Okay. What do you like to cook? I like well I like to cook foods I like to eat. I like to eat Italian food best. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I find that I that's pretty easy to cook because a lot of it is one dish meals type things and they're kind of convenient. Uh-huh. That would be good for a dinner party that you know to cook that because you don't have to deal with eight different things coming out at once. <SEP> Right. Is that what you usually cook when you have a party. Um I usually have parties that are smaller groups. I don't have I've never had a real big dinner party except at traditional holidays like Thanksgiving and such. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so um yeah. I guess I usually do. I like to cook um heavy sauces and um noodles and pasta and such. Really. That sounds good. Um fattening. <SEP> Yeah. Actually. How about you. What do you like to to cook? Uh we. It's funny that um we're talking about this. We just had a dinner party. And we had um. Our senior pastor and his wife came over. Uh-huh. And I catered to their diet is the only thing though. So it wasn't something I really wanted to make. I really wanted to make red beans and rice and with. You know sausage. <SEP> Oh yeah. Because I'm from New Orleans originally. Uh-huh. And um I was going to make that red beans and rice with the those Cajun sausage and French bread with garlic butter and stuff. And uh well there's salad. And then for desert I would I really wanted to make um just brownies. Or French donuts would have been good. But it's real hard to make them. They don't really come out like they do in New Orleans up here. I don't know why. <SEP> Oh really. I don't know if it's me or the water or the recipe I have. But. Humidity or something. Um that's what I want. That's what I like to make is just real neat stuff like that. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. Kind of like the Italian. It's really good. But instead I catered to their diet. So I made baked chicken in the crock pot. And um it was good and everything. It had all the vegetables in it. But it seemed kind of boring compared. It kind of uh kind of down played compared to what you would like huh. Right. <SEP> Do you find yourself um with all the um cholesterol and and high fiber changing the way that you fi- that you entertain? I find it changing the way that I eat but not the way I entertain. Because I guess I guess I feel like if they're on a diet like that I'm going to you know honor that. But if it's just. Another couple came um over a couple weeks later. And I made. What did I make that night. I made a roast. Uh-huh. And I made um uh. I can't believe this. My husband broke the coffee pot I just bought yesterday. <SEP> Oh no. I can't believe that. Anyway but I asked. When Ricky and Carrie came over we made um a pot roast with rice and gravy and salad and the whole bit. Uh-huh. And normally I don't eat we don't eat like that during the week because of the you know the calories and the fat in it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you know when we're having guests we just kind of say oh just do it. And I made blueberry cobbler. And we had extra crust with it. Yeah. It was so fattening. <SEP> That sounds good. But I don't think we gained any weight from it. So. Well every once in a while I I think I feel the same way. When I'm entertaining I don't take that thing into consideration unless it's really really. Like a lot of women will turn down dessert if it's too rich simply because they don't want the extra calories. So I think dessert is the only thing that I kind of down play sometimes. Right. I made an apple pan downy when the pastor and his wife came over. And she didn't eat it. <SEP> Oh yeah. But I did bake apples so that it would be not brownies you know. I figured there was less calories in apple pan downy than in fudge brownies. Yeah. Yeah. So um I've read a good brownie recipe. <SEP> Oh that's good. But uh anyway so I guess that's about what I did when I entertained. Uh-huh. So do you have anything else you want to say about it? <SEP> Um nothing comes to mind right off. So I guess not. Okay. Well it was nice talking to you. Okay. You too. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye bye.