You want to start? Well I guess I would first identify myself as middle aged. And therefore having seen the last generation I guess it puts me in you know gives me a perspective on that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I am quite positive on the things that I have seen happen recently relative to women in both in society and in the work place. Uh there's no doubt about the fact that when I was first graduated from college the impression was that a woman's career would consist of a childbearing years and perhaps a return to the office but not necessarily. Uh now I think the change that I've seen as much as anything is one where couples uh are more carefully planning their intention on how to both share homemaking duties and also how women will uh have their children and then deliberately sort of plan how they go back to the work place. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I guess that's a significant change that I've both participated in an- and noticed. I agree uh. The equality of uh the roles now between the sexes I guess has been dramatically demonstrated with this war especially compared with uh the Vietnam war. And you see women going off to wars as well as men. Uh-huh. Uh I have wondered why they allowed or let you know both the father and mother go uh. And the children are left without either parent. Now to me that's kind of a drawback. But uh I guess it's a price you pay. And I also wonder about the children that are being brought up in the uh uh day care centers. <SEP> Wonder about them in what way? Well uh from what I understand there's been studies that uh these children are uh more rebellious. Uh they term it as more uh creative. But uh that they uh are much more contentious. Uh-huh. So I I don't I I guess we'll have to see another generation to see what differences a child being brought up you know in a uh kind of a uh community rather than a home. <SEP> Uh-huh. I have not to be honest had much experience with children in that situation. Yeah. <SEP> I I guess one knows one's own storly. And I know uh in my children's case it was one where uh pretty much up until the older of two was in uh let's see I guess basically starting junior high. And the younger was in fifth grade when my wife reentered the work force. Uh-huh. Uh. So they. <SEP> So I guess my experience is is just with what we did. And and so they didn't really go through the child care route. Yeah. They were able to be home together. Uh and we never actually experienced that. What in terms of changes relative to women in the work place and the potential changes over the the next generation or so I guess I anticipate uh an increasing equality uh greater presence of women in management roles. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't know whether there will be an increased amount of of surrogacy that we see. I just don't know. What do you mean? Uh deliberate childbirth by surrogate mother. Oh yeah. <SEP> Sort of rent-a-mom. To be you know not to be crass about it but uh uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh uh a professional mother a- person. For instance that. Yeah. That's strange. <SEP> A nanny sort of? Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I could you know I could envision a society where that would happen and make an interesting uh uh story or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> I I don't think I have a philosophical problem with that. In fact I think it sort of raises nurturing and being a mother to what it ought to be which is a respected profession. That's right. That's right. Uh I I don't have a other than than a reading and and male perspective on on the ver- on the biological urges involved relative to being a mother or not. Uh I know that that my sense is that I have very much an interest and had one in being a parent. I I don't know that I uh felt myself necessarily encumbered with the necessity to have heirs. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't have boys. That doesn't didn't bother me. Never has. Vision more women deliberately raising children either in surrogacy or or as a professional nanny nanny as you put it uh. Yeah. Maybe we'll see a growth in that where someone makes a career out of say taking care of five or six children as opposed to day care. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> It would be a sort of day care. But it would be more of a family setting. Right. Uh I know that there are young people characterized I guess as being half my age so that by definition that means they're young. Uh that in my work place who are both of them earning rather decent professional salaries who probably would consider paying a woman uh eight or nine or ten thousand dollars a year to take care of their child. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> To come in and live with them? I could easily envision that. Pardon? To come in and live with them? <SEP> Or to put their child into a s- into a home setting where they would you know like they they would get leave at eight in the morning and and drop a two year old off in a home where you knew there were going to be four other kids. Uh-huh. And and you were paying for really high quality care. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Uh I have acquaintances of mine where I know that they are paying figures on on the order of what I quoted to someone because that's what the experience they want. And I would imagine if there are more of people like that with an opportunity that that's a possibility of a change that we could see in the next few years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then you might have more control over uh the the morals that they would be taught rather than in like a classroom or a day care center. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I know the day care centers are not cheap either. You know they're. <SEP> I haven't ever really looked at them. Are you aware at all of of what they would what they cost? Uh well no. I just know I know several single mothers who absolutely can't afford it. They have to go with the a single uh wh- I mean a baby-sitter more more or less. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I think it's like about sixty dollars a week for two children if I'm not mistaken. Uh-huh. And you have to pay that whether you're on vacation you know and taking care of the children or if the children are at home at home sick. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean that is you know just a a rate that you have to pay. And uh. What what do you envision for the next twenty years as far as women in American society? Uh I think I really don't have a vision. <SEP> That's okay too. Yeah. I I I think that they will be more in the work place because uh the door's open. Uh-huh. And uh it's just human nature to walk through an open door. So and I would be glad to see that. I hope I don't see a lot more single moms. But i- it seems in my experience I'm running across single women all the time. <SEP> I'm I'm noticing that too. And and I notice the the a terming ex- em- emerging called solo parents that I'm very aware of the number of solo mothers that that I encounter in the work place. Yeah. <SEP> And that that is a little troublesome. Uh because the pressures on them are are rather rather formidable. Yeah. Yeah. It's awful. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and maybe that's a change we'll see. Maybe uh the possibility of of women uh who deliberately say no. We'll let the man will take care of the children perhaps in the event of a separation or whatever. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. So. Well I think we've done it. <SEP> Well I think we're about done. Okay. Thank you very much. Uh good-bye. It's been interesting. <SEP> You take care. Okay. Bye. Bye.