Okay. Where to start. <SEP> Well I think uh. I haven't had that much of course. I just heard. But I haven't had that much time to think about it either. I guess the uh biggest thing I f- find is the financial aspects uh particularly the ability of people to access you know your financial records or for example your credit uh rating almost at will. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's true. I didn't think about that. And uh of course flying uh. Using your Social Security number of course permits people to do that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And almost anything you do now a Social Security number is required. Uh-huh. And uh of course there's another aspect of this too uh in terms of invasion of privacy. I just thought about it. Being a professional and of course you probably belong to one or more professional organizations. And that is that. Some of the organizations sell their mailing lists which I think is a is an invasion of privacy. Uh-huh. <SEP> I agree. Yes. I get some of these things in the mail that I wonder where in the world did they get my address or where did they get my name. <SEP> Uh-huh. And in fact some of these things I get some of these questionnaires. It's funny because I'm I was in the process of filling one out when I decided I would make this phone call. But uh I haven't got to the end of it yet where it asks all that salary information and everything. But when you have to send that back in the mail with your name on it your salary information I I just have a real hard time doing that uh. And they ask you what type of household items do you own like stereos and T V -s and V C R -s. And and you hate to send something off with your name and address. And what types of things do you own. And what kind of money do you make. And you wonder well who's going to get ahold of this and think um that's a nice place to go rob. And not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations. Right. <SEP> And I I've noticed more and more I would say over the last six months. Uh-huh. I am getting more at home phone solicitations for a variety of things from. Uh-huh. <SEP> I got one tonight about six thirty when I sat down to eat dinner. Carpet cleaning. I've had them for carpet cleaning. I've had them for of course for you know real estate investments. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know you get uh please send in your uh you know this particular card and you get uh a free trip or something along those lines. Right. And so that uh that bothers me because I of course I enjoy being at home and I do not enjoy getting called by strangers uh particularly solicit- you know soliciting. Uh-huh. <SEP> So g- having your. And I know that a lot of these of course are random phone calls. Uh-huh. They just you know start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers. But some of them are sold. And I know you. Talking about mailing lists the. I. There is one particular group to which I belong. And for some. The reason they have three different names for me. Um. <SEP> Now the address is the same you know my my office address. Uh-huh. But they have one under you know my first name James. They have one under my first name and initial middle initial. Uh-huh. <SEP> Then they have a a third one under my just my two initials. Uh-huh. And and I get mail here at home under each of those names. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh no. So I know that they have sold their mailing list. Right. <SEP> And uh I think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy. Yeah. And uh I can't really think of anything else offhand that uh. I think I dislike the phone number part the worst. I mean it's it's one thing to get junk mail because you can you can just put it right in the trash. But it's the phone calls. And you know usually when they call you it's going to be when you s- right when you sit down to dinner because they know they pretty much know that you're at work all day. And they call you right when when you've just gotten home from work. The last thing you want is a phone call unless it's you know something halfway enjoyable. But if it's a salesperson it's just something you don't want to have to mess with. And and I've gotten a lot of them lately. Or I'll. Sometimes I come home from work. And there's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine. And I'm just assuming it's probably a salesman that called during the day. And I wasn't home. And they'll probably call me up and you know call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on. But I find that very annoying. The uh mail stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah you know. It's kind of irritating. But it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls. I think I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner. <SEP> I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity you know to talk and see what's going on and all those things. Uh-huh. Even if friends call it irritates me. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So I try to. I actually during that period of time from you know usually from six o'clock or six thirty whenever I get home until eight or so I will shut off the phone. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh my daughter gets irate when I when I do that because you know she's a teenager. Uh-huh. Uh oh. <SEP> So she'll you know. Why are you cutting off the phone I might get an important phone call. But So tho- I guess those three things are the uh uh most irritating to me. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. I agree with the phone too in that I'm single. But when I come home from work there's times I need to pay bills. I need to balance my checking account. I need to do all kinds of different things like that. And even though it's friends calling sometimes you just feel like this is my quiet time. I need to get things done. And the phone ringing bothers me. But that's that's where answering machines are nice because if it's really important they'll leave a message. And I can call them back. That's right. But uh at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in. Sometimes it is just I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it it really does annoy me. And uh if I've had a lot of phone calls during the day when occasionally when we have uh. Like this past week. We have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system. And uh phone rings like crazy. And you come home. And the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone. And if it's some salesman that just makes it even that much worse. And uh it just. I get to where I I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone. But now with this thing I'm participating in I kind of have to answer it because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's uh you know somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone. <SEP> Well I have now we have a you know voice mail system at uh at the office. Uh-huh. Now what I have done is I have forwarded my home phone to the answering service at the office so that I do not have to have a uh a ring at all. If I if I want to do that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. A ring at all. <SEP> Oh huh. That's an idea. Right. <SEP> And uh or I will just let the phone ring three or four times and know that it will forward to uh to the office. Uh-huh. And so it's you know it makes it convenient. But at the office when I you know. We can uh on our system and I imagine on most systems you can just route it directly to the answering service. Yeah. Ours is that way too. <SEP> And when I when I want to be you know not bothered during the day that's exactly what I do. Uh-huh. And so uh. Well yours is probably the same as ours. It's uh Tigon. Isn't Tigon uh part of G T E or vice versa or something like that. <SEP> Uh. Seems I read. Yeah. Well Tigon is part of G T E. Okay. <SEP> Okay. That's it. That G T E had purchased Tigon. And. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's what we have. <SEP> Except we call it Aspen. Aspen? Yes. Huh. <SEP> And uh we. I couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased G T E -s phone mail services or if G T E had purchased Tigon. I knew there was some type of a tie in there. I remember reading in the paper a few months back. But. Yeah. G T E purchased Tigon. Okay. <SEP> And so we had had been using a the Aspen service before they purchased Tigon. Uh-huh. So I imagine we will be uh shifting over to that service uh for a while or if in a while. As soon as we determine what we're going to do with Contel after we bought Contel. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh no. <SEP> Yeah. Oh Dana I think we have probably conversed long enough. I think we did. Well. That's good. <SEP> All right. I didn't think we could go too far on this privacy thing. But uh I guess it's close enough. <SEP> All right. Well thank you for calling. I ha- I I enjoyed talking to you. Sure good talking to you Jim. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Take care.