Okay. Okay. Well what do you think about the idea of uh kids having to do public service work for a year? Do you think it's a. <SEP> Well I I think it's a pretty good idea. I think they should either do that or or afford some time to the military or or helping elderly people. Yes. Yes. Def-. I I you know I think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help. And I think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home. And I'm not sure that that's not a bad idea. That's true. <SEP> And or the military for a year or two wouldn't be bad for. Yeah. I think it teaches kids how to grow. How about yourself? Uh I agree with you. Uh uh what I'm thinking about is back well when I was a kid and much earlier than that kids were kind of i- i-. You know the parents kind of pushed them to join like the Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts. And they did do do do a lot of public service activities. But these days they're not uh. Par- parents aren't encouraging their kids to do things like that. Because when I was in the Girl Scouts we did a lot of public service things because that's just part o- of of the scouting and you know. <SEP> Yeah. I've I've. That's really great. I I really think that both the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts is a excellent two excellent organizations. They are. But parents. You know kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that. Yeah. They do. <SEP> And they don't follow it at all you know. There are very few Scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts. Oh no. And and I don't know what the high rank is for the gals. But. I I uh. Senior. <SEP> Oh. Senior. Okay. So there's not uh. Oh they're just not. Once they get into junior high it just not done anymore. Yeah. They they lose interest. <SEP> And then when they young young adults there's even less interest there. Uh-huh. They're more for I g-. Me. <SEP> Not not. Yeah. Grab. Grab. Grab. Walk out. Yeah. You're absolutely right. Yeah. <SEP> I think it's a really a good thing. I I like to see. Of course there's you know third world countries that can use all kind of help. Yeah. But there's a lot that can be done right here in this country too. But I think we ought to start right here at home. <SEP> I'm you know. Yeah. Uh I'm not I'm not so sure that overseas help helping overseas would be such a hot idea for for uh a lot of young k- people. No. It it. But since there is much that needs to be done here. <SEP> I think that yeah I think that we need to really address what we've done here. And and then perhaps even a six month tour overseas that gives them much broader outlook. Uh-huh. Well it's been really good. We talked about this for a few minutes. And uh hopefully we'll have other good topic maybe another call someday. But I I don't really have too much more to say on this topic I guess. No. I I agree with you. <SEP> It we I guess we both agree that it's a good thing that they should do sometime. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> Well you take care. And and enjoy the day. You too. You too. <SEP> Thank you ma'am. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.