Okay Mary. Yes. Um the uh the latest one I've seen uh had to do with a uh uh the uh basically a manhunt um. And it was uh it was called MANHUNTER actually. Uh the uh the guy uh apparently had a a mental disfunction in which he needed to go out and just slay people. Uh just uh kill them with with as much blood and and guts as possible. <SEP> Oh how awful. It was true it was truly awful. It was not one that I picked. But uh uh it it did show some some uh some interesting things about the F B I. Because they were the the uh the characters trying trying to get him were F B I people. And uh uh of the of the few good things that were in it it did show uh a lot about the F B I. About the training and and how they go through training and how they try to to develop uh uh a mental picture of who they're looking for before they go out and do it and all the different ways they go about doing that. And it was uh uh it was pretty telling about the the the F B I and their procedures. I wonder how truthful all of that was or whether there was fiction. Yeah. I I imagine a lot of it had to be fictional just to keep the F B I uh going I guess. <SEP> Yeah. Well they keep it rather secretive. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well the most recent movie I saw uh I'm afraid was uh. Well two two of them actually. Uh the RAIN MAN was one. Oh that was great one. <SEP> Wasn't that fabulous. And and DRIVING MISS DAISY. Oh I loved it. You know I haven't seen that one yet. And I need to go see it. <SEP> Oh you need to see that. Yeah. That is the most heart rendering story of relationships between two people. Two diametrically opposed people from the stand point that one was Jewish and one was black. Uh-huh. <SEP> And this all took place in the South. Oh my. And uh normally never the twain shall meet. You bet especially in the South. <SEP> Yes. Right. And um uh it it really was a fantastic movie. The acting was phenomenal. Well as it as I recall it got some Academy Awards didn't it. Oh yes. Jessica Tandy won best actress. And uh. Oh yeah. That's right. It it might have one best picture too. <SEP> Yes. It did. Yes. It did. Yeah. Just as RAIN MAN uh with Dustin Hoffman uh that that was tremendous and Tom Cruise. That was. <SEP> Yeah. I I think it was more a lesson for Tom Cruise than anything else in terms of uh of how to act from Dustin Hoffman. But uh. Yes. Uh oh that was that was uh what the much of the hype was that Tom Cruise learned so much from Dustin Hoffman. Yeah. It must have been great just being with him on on a daily basis and seeing how he prepares for his for his lines and all that stuff. <SEP> Yeah. And a good bit of that was filmed right in Cincinnati. Which is just forty-five miles from from where I am where I actually live in a suburb of Dayton. Oh. Is is the Kmart there? <SEP> Oh we do have Kmart here. You better believe it. Isn't there a Kmart everywhere? That was that was so funny. He had to. Or was it Kmart. Yes. He had to buy his underwear at Kmart. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. That was hilarious. The the I guess the the first the first uh scene in that movie that really got my attention uh concerning the the disease and all that was when he uh dropped the the uh the toothpicks. Oh yes. And he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image. <SEP> Yes. Yes. Unbelievable. Well you know there are people uh referred to as savants also uh who can do most phenomenal things. Yeah. <SEP> And everyone feels they are totally retarded. Yeah. Wel- because that's the way they they might seem outwardly. That's right. But boy there's a lots going on in there. <SEP> It's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And I the the I think the the best thing about RAINMAN was the uh the way that they put together the the real awfulness of the of the of the disease only. Yes. An and then they balanced it with the wonderfulness of it you know. And and and you need to to work with it uh you know certainly on on a daily basis but then ag- then again work with it toward a good end. Not not toward winning in Las Vegas for example. <SEP> Yes. And the. Right. Well the warmth that developed between them. And again it I think was a picture of relationships. Yeah. <SEP> Again the relationship uh between the two uh that uh never would have occurred uh by accident. Right. Right. I was uh I was so impressed with that movie. I saw it three times. Did you. I can I can se- tell you oh so much about that movie just because it it really rang uh rang a lot of my uh my personal background. I I have a a brother myself that's that's older. And uh he's not you know. Nothing nothing of course serious is wrong with him. But uh but we have gone through these these lapses of of a relationship somewhat sometimes. <SEP> Yes. And then you know uh for for for no real you know direct reason I guess uh we we get into uh uh a really good relationship for a while and then you know back and forth. So I I was really able to to relate to the the relationship aspect of the movie between the brothers. That was neat. Uh-huh. Well that's tremendous. That it's good because it does make you think about your own family. Yeah. A lot. <SEP> And see it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother. Uh-huh. No question. He the he was he's one of these guys though that doesn't really like to go see movies like that. He likes the bang them up and shoot them up things. Uh-huh. And and uh it it was like pulling teeth to go get him to to see it. But uh oh boy. He was uh uh he he gave the the best response that I've heard him give of this type of movie for RAIN MAN. I mean he certainly didn't. He only saw it one time. And he didn't go back for more. But uh he he said he enjoyed it. And and. <SEP> Well he at least saw it one time. Yeah. Yeah. And and he really. I don't know. He he's kind of a Dustin Hoffman fan anyway. But he wa- but before he saw the movie he was like disappointed that Dustin Hoffman would do this. I'm like oh come on. <SEP> Just think of what a phenomenal actor Dustin Hoffman is. Yeah. He will do that to research it and to be able to mimic a person uh uh with the kinds of problems that he had. And to make it believable. <SEP> Yes. I mean I was I was believing it. I don't know about any body else. But I was it was great. Well I'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with them. He did great. <SEP> Well it's just uh been delightful talking with you. Yeah. Yeah. You take care up there. And uh let's hear it for the summertime. Absolutely. I'm ready for it. But they're predicting some more snow for our direction. No. Oh no. Oh well take care. <SEP> Take care now. Bye bye. Bye bye.