Okay. I think we're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing threat to the United States. Okay. How do you feel about that. <SEP> I don't really. I more. I don't know about the government as much as uh. The people uh I wouldn't consider to be a threat at all. And I really don't feel much like the Soviet Union itself is a threat anymore. I'm I'm worried about them. They're in a very uh tumultuous state right now with the kinds of uh adaptations that they're attempting to go through uh. I'm concerned about them not as a military threat but as a burden. They're very large. Yeah. And they can become very quickly a large financial burden as as one more stepchild we have to carry around. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's that's a real important aspect. And that uh as the the mo- the most the mo-. Let's see the more that we do that we do or that we can do to help them become self-sufficient is going to eliminate more of the risk of that becoming uh you know a reality. I know that uh this last winter was very hard on uh several areas in the in the the Ukraine particularly the coal mining regions of Siberia uh. The people there have money. That's not their problem. But there's no food for them to buy. And it's. You can't eat money. And they have a a problem their their whole attitude uh. I I'm not sure which crop it was. But they had a crop that rotted in the fields because they couldn't get anyone to harvest it. Yeah. And the people in the city were saying well why should I go do that. Make the government do that that's not my job. <SEP> Right. They've got a lot of adjustments to make with coming out of what they've been through now. And uh they've been they've been under under the oppression that they've been under for so long that now they have some freedoms. But they don't know how to act yet. They don't understand that to make that work. They've got to take some responsibility for themselves. It's not just the government's responsibility anymore. You can't just blame it on the government when they give you the freedom to take care of yourself then that puts some responsibility on you as well. Absolutely. And and I think that they're having a hard time with the concept of you can not go back. People only go forward. And I think that that is giving them. I'm expecting a call. And unfortunately I think it's come through. I've enjoyed talking to you. Okay. Thank you. Bye. <SEP> All right. Bye-bye.