Well how do you feel about it? Well uh I don't have any strong convictions about it. That's for sure. Um I know I haven't done any Peace Corps service. And I don't know anybody in my immediate family that has or you know has ever even thought about it. Do you know uh do you know anybody that's been it? No. The the only people I know that have done anything remotely like that are people that have gone to be missionaries. And that's only because I went to Baylor. And a lot of students from Baylor go and and serve as missionaries during the summer. But I think I think that's a terrible idea. That's like forcing someone to donate to a charity. <SEP> Yeah. I mean and it's nice to to try to teach young people some some uh uh civil uh consciousness but forcing them to to donate basically their time and efforts. Yeah. It's definitely up to the person uh. So I'd have to say that uh it you know the people who do it well some feel it's rewarding. I don't know you know. But uh I don't know how we got the subject. You have to. <SEP> I don't either. I have nothing to say about this. I don't either. I was I almost hung up because I thought well gosh I don't I don't really have an opinion except for no. I think that's dumb. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh. Well how long you been in San Antonio? I've been here for um just almost fiv- well no almost four years. <SEP> Um okay. And I lived with Dana in school. Oh okay. That's how we know each other. <SEP> And uh you you were just up there then huh. Uh-huh. Last weekend. We went to Six Flags Saturday. Oh okay. Had a good old time. <SEP> Well that's good. Well back to the topic at hand. What other types of community service would they be talking about. I mean the the recording mentioned the Peace Corps. Well it sounded like I mean this is like major long term commitment like a year or six months. Yeah. <SEP> Or so you're looking at the Peace Corps or sabbatical maybe. Or you know I don't know. I mean but uh. I mean I'm all for donating my time to worthy causes. Like I do some volunteer work here and there. And every once in a while I'll do uh a uh local Big Brother Big Sister thing. Uh-huh. Or I'll go you know do a. <SEP> But that that time is minuscule compared to what what they were referring to. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't possibly commit a year or two of my life to to go do something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They couldn't cover my hourly rate. I couldn't afford it. No kidding. <SEP> But uh. I have this thing against bugs too. And seems to me like the Peace Corps. They send you someplace that there's a lot of bugs. Yeah. Africa. Yeah. Have to live in a shack with no air conditioning and no medicine and no anything. I'd probably catch a terrible disease and die. <SEP> Yeah. Well. I doubt that. But you know how it is. W- I I mean it would it would have to be tough going somewhere you don't know the culture usually I guess. Yeah. <SEP> I think that maybe that's why some people do it is uh to see the other cultures or you know and some of that. Uh-huh. But uh to do that I don't know. I'd have to be. I don't know. Oh I don't know either. Growing up all I knew was you go to high school you you know you work you go to college you get out of college and you get a good job and you work. And and none of this you go spend two years in the Peace Corps to ex- to broaden your horizons. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you know uh I know American Express. I'm n- I'm working at American Express now. And they. After a certain amount of years of service these employees can take off like six months or something for some type of sabbatical or some you know some something like that. Uh-huh. And they're allowed to take that time off and then come back where they left off. Oh. <SEP> So it is something that I think uh you know even the larger organizations will support. Uh it's it's really for the community to give you know to to give back to the community type of thing. I don't know. It's for I think at the same it's for some people to you know help them grow in other areas. Kind of like joining the military. <SEP> Well I mean in that respect a lot of people join the military to to grow up and to decide what they want to do. Yeah. M-. And the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as as that kind of a time. <SEP> Yeah. Maybe a little bit in that perspective. But uh and a lot of people have gone in the military I mean you know when they're in the college. Sometimes it's to sup- help support college you know the money. Uh-huh. Uh others people don't know what they want to do. But as far as uh you know the Peace Corps. I guess I suppose there's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives. But I think a lot of it's you know when the- people get older they'll do something like that. I'd probably have a different perspective if I actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps. <SEP> Yeah. But I don't. I I I don't. And none of my. <SEP> Didn't mean to cut you off there. Oh that's okay. N- and none of my really close friends in college went off to be missionaries or anything. So I don't really know anyone first hand that's that's com- committed a chunk of their life to do service work. I. Everybody I know has been. Well I'm going to go get a goo- good job and make some money and buy a nice car. So. <SEP> Yeah or or try to make a living. Yeah. But uh. Yeah. I I have no I don't know anybody that's done that either. So I I. It's interesting we got this topic because I I I don't know what I marked off to get this. But. I certainly didn't mark off anything to get this one. I I can't imagine. And the switchboard's been down for several days. And the last time I called it before it went down I had this topic. And I didn't feel like talking about it. So I hung up. And I guess they they keep you on the same topic until you actually talk to somebody about it. <SEP> So you had the same one huh. Yeah. Oh well. Well you'll you'll get it over with here. I know. <SEP> How many times have you talked? Oh probably five or six. Yeah. Not a whole lot. <SEP> Oh I've done maybe four or five. Yeah. Did Dana sign you up for this? Well she just sent me the information out. I I got a hold of it you know. I just sent it back in. And. Yeah. That's. She stuck my name on some list. So they mailed me the information that I filled out. <SEP> What other topics have you had? Um I've talked about camping with someone. I've talked about the weather. Great. Great. That one was interesting because I talked to a man in in Washington D C. And it was hot here. And it was snowing there. So that was pretty interesting. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I talked to someone about the uh the uh education system. I forget exactly what the focus was on that one. But that was fairly interesting. And I talked to somebody about credit card usage. Yeah. And I talked to this person who I gathered from speaking to her that that she and her family just didn't have much. And they didn't have much credit available to them. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so she basically didn't use credit cards and didn't know very much about them and how they work and and how you can use them to your advantage and and how you know you you can do certain things with them. Huh. <SEP> Yeah. I always I use everything with my Visa. And I pay it all off. Yeah. So that's a good deal for me. I get free money for thirty days. Yeah. <SEP> That's the way I use them uh. Yeah. I try I try to make sure I don't get in debt. So. Yeah. Well that's always a good plan. I can't think of anything else that I've talked about. All that th- most of the ones on the list I checked off stuff like football and and stuff that I can I I would enjoy talking about. And I haven't gotten a one of them yet when I've called. <SEP> I had uh. Let's see. I've had fishing. And uh I can't remember me and I think me and Dana had football. Yeah. We did. Oh how funny. Yeah. So we talked about the Cowboys a little bit. And I'm out here in Phoenix. So we talked about Phoe- Cardinals. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so so that one was all right. And then what else did I have? I think I had some other uh like staying in shape or working out. This other guy I got this guy from New York. So. I had to talk to someone about hobbies. And the switchboard called me. So I was caught a little off guard. And I couldn't think of anything at all. So I started making stuff up. I told this woman that my hobby was gardening. And I can't even I can't even grow an ivy. And you've probably never gardened in your life. My grandfather gave me a plant once. That told and he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill. You could freeze it. You could you could dry it out. No matter what you couldn't kill it. Well I killed it pretty quick. <SEP> Yeah. I don't have too much of a green thumb either. So. I do have one plant here. It's been hanging out for a while. But I think it's one of the easiest plants. I can't I don't know the name of it. But I'm not too much into.