Okay. Uh what do you think about uh the idea of having volunteer service for everyone? Uh I think that uh really it wouldn't hurt most of the young people of the country to have to go and do voluntary service. Uh and you know I mean there have been so many people that have done it. <SEP> And I've talked with several. And I think they've gotten a lot out of it. Well are you doing any kind of volunteer work now? Not right now. But I have done uh Red Clo- Cross work. And uh I've taught C P R training. A-. What about when when would people do it when they finished high school? <SEP> I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal because a lot of times i- if they go straight into college I think they're going in too quick. But. I think particular boys that the maturity. In fact I wasn't very mature when I left high school. And I think there's a there's a real challenge there. There's also this this issue of of uh you know whether you're really ready. And I think it gives a different perspective. Right. Uh y-. I I think if you've been out of school a year year and a half before you start to college you appreciate college more than someone that just goes right straight into college. <SEP> The only complication is is is how do you fund something like this? Well a lot of parents fund their children. There are uh some groups that have their children you know go away for a year. Even the religious organizations. Yeah. I think the Mormon church has sends out missionaries that. <SEP> Right. And the parents fund them for the whole year year and a half that they're gone. That's uh it's interesting. It gets them away from home and and gets them to do something useful. Although the kids today though it it seems that almost that their concern for money. I we were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in in trying to find a job study something that will give them a job as opposed to be curious be curious. As to if. If there was if there was mandatory you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary. Do you think that would be reasonable? I think it would. In in Israel the even the women are are required to to be in the military for a certain period of time. Uh I was in the military. And I personally feel if if they have draf- the draft that they should draft women as quickly as they do the men. Well but the the issue of of of which. What what would what would you find what would you have them do? You know there are a lot of people around with. There's a lot of unemployment right now. What would you have these people do if they were brought in? <SEP> What into the service? Well yeah. Or. Or say say the volunteer. Say that say that it was mandatory. <SEP> Well I I I think that they ought to have something for the the unemployed in a voluntary field like the uh. I don't know if you know remember about the W P A. Yes. My father was in the C C C. <SEP> He was in that? I mean you know uh it's not the best thing in the world. But uh it gave them something to do. Well it seems that there's some things like the uh the programs at least just go around and and and clean up streets and and and pick up trash and even aluminum cans and some of these kinds of things. R-. Or go into the the more depressed areas and help repair the houses. Yeah. In fact we we helped with uh oh Help To Help Humanities. And that was a that was a good experience. But you take the kids out. And and a lot of the buildings in downtown areas that that either need demolishing or need fixing up. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. It would be a good idea. Uh we've been doing this three or four minutes. I think that uh. Do you have any other further comments? No. Not really. Well it was good talking to you Betty. <SEP> O-. Okay. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night. Bye.