Okay. Well personally I don't have any children. I'm twenty-two. And I'm doing my Master's at N C State. Oh uh-huh. So uh uh children wouldn't be very convenient for me right now. <SEP> Well no. Would they. No. So what what how do you spend the time with your children? Well both of mine are boys. They're eight and eleven. Um. <SEP> Okay. And did. And they're into sports. Yeah. <SEP> I mean as a matter of fact that's what we're doing tonight. What what are you doing? Baseball has started. Oh okay. Do do they play like uh like does the eight year old play baseball? <SEP> Oh oh yes. We start here at uh five. Okay. And and in in his league do they have like a pitcher. Or do they have a standing ball or a machine or what? Up until. It's coach pitch until you get nine which my little boy will be nine in May. Okay. <SEP> So he's going to be with uh regular pitching. Oh okay. And my eleven year old of course you know is pitching. Yeah. I I used to play soccer when I was that age up in New York. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. But yes. We're into baseball. And it seems like soon as that over with we get into basketball. We even have peewee basketball here. <SEP> So there's always something. Yeah. And how about how about like on the weekends. Do you do sports. Or do you go out? Both. If we're not doing sports we go somewhere. Do you go how about like for uh do you go for long vacations like a week or something when they have school off? <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In the summer or like in the Easter time like around now? No. Usually in the summer time. And where do you go? <SEP> Different places every year. We. Have have you been out of the country? No. Oh okay. Well first they always say get to know your country first before you leave. I mean I I lived in places like. <SEP> Uh-huh. When I lived in Washington uh Washington D C I never went to the Washington Memorial. And then when I went back to visit I went to the Washington Memorial. You know I've heard we have a couple of friends that goes to Washington quite often. And that must be the thing. They really hadn't either. They went to the Memorial you know. When they go it's on business. Right. <SEP> It's not really just to getting to sight see. Right. Well it's it's a beautiful city. Oh I bet it is too. But the problem is like first time I went out of here and they took me to Las Vegas. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was the most boring place on earth. Oh now my husband and I we go different places. But our child- but when we go with our children we usually kind of stay close. Yeah. Did uh did like did you go to Disneyland? <SEP> Oh yes. Yes. Yes. Oh okay. So but um now I don't know. But um but let's see. When I was eleven I went also to the Caribbean. Oh. That that was fun. That was. And uh then after that I. My sister lives in Turkey. So when I was like fourteen fifteen I went I went to Turkey. <SEP> Oh. And this Christmas I went to Turkey. But basically it's a. For the past couple of years I. Since my parents are are well. I'm from Argentina. And my parents live down there. So all the traveling I do is alone. Uh-huh. And uh we were never much of. Uh a very uh family thing you know made like go skiing in Vermont or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. That was uh that was a lot of fun. Yes. But what happens is we used to fight a lot. So there's never much of a family family thing. You know one of those hell family vacations. <SEP> Oh yes. But we try you know I try. My husband also we're involved in everything our kids does. Yeah. Because uh my dad died you know when I was less than a year old. Yeah. <SEP> So I always just had a mother. So I always thought when I have kids you know I really want to be involved with them. Well my dad all he all he wanted to do was get money for us. So he could buy us material things. Material things. Yes. That is. Yes. And and to me you know it's like now I'm twenty-two. But I still feel you know. It's like yeah we never threw a football or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the way I was brought up. And he wants me now. He like he you know like he wants to be best friends now. Best friends now. And it's very hard for me. Because you know it's like you grow up to be twenty years old. And it's always the same man. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then suddenly he sees that he's getting old. And he wants to be best friends. Yeah. But uh you know it's like I can only express myself so much. Because you know um everything that he taught me you know that my family taught me which is very hard to change that all of a sudden from one year to the next and say I'm sorry you know. It's like you know I love you. And let's go out and do things together when I don't feel like it you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so that's that whole thing that he'll say when like like. I've seen my uncle and his family you know does everything together. And you know his kids are you know. When his little girl was five years old and everything they uh they would go to the beach. And she could go to sleep at two in the morning you know. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I was brought up the same way. It doesn't matter what age you have. Just so long as you can get up to go to class the next morning you can stay up you know. Uh-huh. But his what he does is when he gets home he separates his work from his house. <SEP> Yeah. You have to. Yeah. I mean you honestly do. Now I have friends that I love to death. But and they have children. But their children does anything. We have to take them and you know to do it. Yeah. <SEP> And that really gets kind of aggravating after a while. Because you're saying Well I work full time too you know. Yeah. Yeah. But uh it's just it's just something that you know. My theory is you know when when you have kids and all you you want to do well. What I'll do is you know like. I mean you might have problems. But it's not your kids' problems you know. Yeah. Oh yeah. And you got to try to be with them as much as you can. And to you know like. Thing is is that you know like if if they would ever happen to have a drug problem suppose that they could feel comfortable coming to me and saying I got a problem you know. <SEP> Problem. Uh-huh. And uh and that would make any parent feel good and bad at the same time you know. Yeah. First of all you're coming to me. And let's see how we can get rid of the problem you know. And that's uh that's very that's very hard to do. Because once you're best friends with your parents then I think everything go a lot better. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I agree with you very much so. Now we waited several years before we started having children because we was still in college. And we knew time wise or and money wise too. Yeah. Would it would not have been a good idea to had them then. Yeah. My my father was raising four ki- oh well three kids before he had me. So it was uh you know. You're trying to support uh four kids. And it's pretty hard you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I I told him listen you could have had a lot of money if you would have only had two kids. Uh-huh. Yeah. He says yeah. But then I wouldn't have you. I go yeah. But then you would have a lot of money. <SEP> That's right. But you can't take this money with us though. Yeah. That's how I keep looking at it. But you know like four I mean fou- four children is expensive especially when you consider like especially for me which I'm paying out of state tuition. I'm paying you know three thousand. No. What is it two thousand six hundred dollars for one semester. <SEP> Oh. And you know people say you know it's expensive to think it's college. But if if everybody would be a little bit responsible you know. It's like. What does it what does it cost. It costs five hundred dollars a semester suppose. Now they go to a state college. And they live at home you know. Uh-huh. And well it costs two hundred dollars for books. But you know seven hundred dollars a semester. A lot of people can spare that if they planned ahead you know like. <SEP> Oh yeah. If you cou- if you can. Yeah. I mean it's like if you plan a year ahead you can probably save up seven hundred dollars you know one thousand four hundred dollars to send your child to college you know. Yeah. <SEP> What are you learning to be? Oh oh excuse me? What degree I mean what are you wanting to do after you get out of college? Well I I'm doing computer science computer engineering. <SEP> Oh that's. My husband's into uh computers. Yeah. And and now I'm looking for a job before they have to send me back home. Uh-huh. Because since I'm an international student they want to send me back to Argentina. <SEP> Yeah. Well my dad wants me to go back. So. And you don't want to? No. <SEP> No. No. No. Because if you go back there then you can never get out. Oh. Like you don't have any money to to get out. <SEP> Oh. So uh and uh I was thinking you know like Oh my God you know I go back there. And then and I get married there. And now I have kids there. And then I'll never leave the place you know. Then you'll never leave. Yeah. I know. And that's that's what happened to my brother. He came to school up here. And then when he went down there. He was just so bad off you know from not being able to stay up here that his life just went down the drain. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Well maybe something will open up for you. Yeah. I've been calling a lot of companies. There. Some of them are interested. Well at least for a year and a half I can work. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Well may-. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. All right. Same here. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.