I was trying to think about some of my favorite people that I liked in music. And they're none of them are recent right. Uh-huh. So I like Gordon Lightfoot. Do you know who he is? <SEP> Yeah. And the Moody Blues. And I like to listen to piano music a whole lot. And Willie Nelson. Uh-huh. So you like a a variety. Yeah. <SEP> Sort of easy listening because you like country. But then. But not all country. I don't like that when they start. Um. I don't know. I just like Willie Nelson I guess because he's such a character. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Yeah. I I like some of his songs though. They're they're not so they're not so sad country all the time. They're just kind of sweet sometimes. Yeah. You know I mean they're not the the typical country where they're just you know my wife left me my dog left me you know. My truck is broken down. <SEP> Yeah. My truck's broken down. And my house just burned down you know. Yeah. But. There there's a guy. Have you ever heard of George Winston. He plays piano. <SEP> No. I think he's dead now. But he plays wonderfully. Uh-huh. I like that. <SEP> Are d- are you do you play the piano. Is. Or you just like it? Very badly. I've got a piano. <SEP> Yeah. My mother got a piano. And uh vowed that someone in the family was going to learn. So we all had to take lessons. And I was the one that did the least poorly. So she gave it to me. And it's sitting here mostly taking up space. But sometimes it makes you feel good to sit down and play it. It is real relaxing. <SEP> Yeah. It must be fun to be able to play it. And you know if you can play tunes that people can sing along to it'd be it'd be kind of fun I think. Yeah. Because I mean I play the flute. And not many things you can play that'll you know people will sit there and sing along to. And you can't sing along either. So but uh I like a lot uh. I like classical music just because of the. When I I don't play. I like jazz music. But. Oh so do I. <SEP> What's that? Forgot about that. What's that? I said so do I. I forgot about jazz. <SEP> Yeah. I like a lot like. I like uh is it the New Age music like with uh uh the. I don't know if you've heard Neurotic Collection. Yes. We've got about five of those. I love them. Yeah. I love those too. They're just so relaxing. Uh-huh. I'd never heard them before until I went in a music store. And you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it. <SEP> Yeah. And I just I heard a piece. And it was just so wonderful. Yeah. And then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it. <SEP> Isn't that nice. I mean it's nice when you have a piece that that is so so peaceful that everybody likes you know. Yeah. And uh it it it it you know it has pieces that are uplifting. But it it's mostly relaxing. And you don't because it doesn't have words you know you don't feel like there's anything you have to remember you know as far as singing a song or something like that or interpreting what they mean. Or but uh. I mean you can just sit. You know those little booklets that come along with it. <SEP> Yeah. And you can just see the things that they're trying to show with music. Yeah. My my little boy has gotten so into it that. He's identified the the people that have written certain songs. Then he buys the pieces that have that person. You know on it. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I see what you're saying. Huh? <SEP> Yeah. I mean I don't even know who did which ones. But he does. I I can't identify them either. I just like them. I could I know which ones come next. But I don't even know their names. Most of them I don't know their names of the song. But I I can identify them. But I like that. And I like uh course I I like classical music. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. Were you in the band? I was in the band. Yeah. So was I. <SEP> And I was in like chamber music groups and stuff. So I'm used to pieces. And and I played classical flute. I didn't play play jazz flute or anything like that. So. I c- I can relate to it I suppose. But uh and I like I'm like you I like the older stuff too. Because I like Chicago. Yeah. And I like I like uh uh let me think who uh. I like uh Hebert uh oh. You don't know Hebert Laws. But Hebert Laws a flute player. He's a jazz flute player. And I like uh uh Chuck Mangione. Do you know who Chuck Mangione is? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I like Chuck Mangione. Trying to think of all uh oh. What's his name plays the trumpet. Uh Yeah. I like the Moody Blues. Did you like them? <SEP> Yeah. I like Moody Blues. I I like mostly the older groups I think. Oh c-. But we do have. I like Simply Red. We got Simply Red. I figure all our C Ds that we have what I really like. And uh I like Breeze. I like the group. I think just because they all sort of sound they sound l- a lot like r- uh Simply Red. If I'm going to listen to that kind of music nowadays that's it's easy listening. Uh. So what type Simply Red. I've never heard of that. Is it just instrumental? <SEP> No. It's it's got people singing. But it's it is instrumental. But it's it's got people singing. But it's got a like a whole bunch of people singing. Yeah. You know how many people are in Simply Red Stuart. He can't hear me. I I don't remember how many people. But it's it's got men and women. And it's not it's it's nice. I mean it's pleasant you know music. It's not where it's it hurts your ears to hear it. But it's not as it's not like uh Chicago where it's got that much instrument to it. You know it doesn't have like all the brass and everything. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well my husband is telling me we have to hit the road. We're going to go to Commerce and see a friend. And then I'm going to go to Sulphur Springs. <SEP> Oh you must live in this area. Yeah. Where are you? We're in Sherman. Okay. So we're in Garland. <SEP> Oh okay. You're going to Commerce? Yeah. For East Texas or something? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Oh okay. Just because there's a friend up there. Not because there's much else. Oh okay. Well they're having a lot of recruiting this week in all the different areas. That's why I was just w-. For colleges? <SEP> Yeah. East Texas is recruiting for you know their fall semester. Well they're not c-. And they're they've been doing a lot of that in the area. They're not going to recruit me anymore. I'm through. <SEP> No more for me. No more huh. What what do you do? <SEP> Well right now I'm just a homemaker. But I'm going to school uh for legal assistant. And that's what I know. So and uh just nothing basically. Are you going to go to East Texas for that? No. No. It. No. I don't go to East Texas. I got a degree from T W U. But I'm really interested in legal you know in the legal environment. But I don't want to be a lawyer. So I said well I think I'll go back to school and see about being a legal assistant. That'd probably be pretty interesting. I was summonsed down to the courthouse last week. They had summonsed eight hundred people. About four hundred showed up. And it was for a murder trial. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. This guy had supposedly uh strangled this woman and stuffed cotton toweling down her throat and up her nose. Anyway this is happened in nineteen eighty-three. Yeah. And they had us fill out a long questionnaire. We stayed till about one thirty. And they're going to call the ones that they're interested in from the questionnaire two to three at a time. And the trial won't take place until June. <SEP> Yeah. That's how it works. And they say it's going to last about two to three weeks. And this guy in front of me said I can't believe I was summonsed. I was an investigator. And I was tailing the woman that was killed. Well then I have a friend at school that has a boyfriend that's a lawyer. And he said that this woman this socialite in Plano had hired four guys to kill her husband. And the one that's accused was the one that actually did it. And she has since taken off with another lawyer who had been uh getting cocaine from his client and then selling it. And he had skipped bail. And they finally extradited him. And he's going to testify for the State against her so he'll have his sentence reduced. And this is the man that was in front of you? Yeah. <SEP> Oh well they'll weed him out. The the investigator. Yeah. He he got off right away. <SEP> Yeah. And I wrote that down on my questionnaire that he'd told me that. Uh-huh. So I figure that that will make me biased. And I won't be chosen. <SEP> Well not necessarily. Hopefully. But there's probably something else that might make you. Because you could know about you could know about the crime but not necessarily be taken off the jury you know not be accepted for j- the jury. Yeah. <SEP> I mean pretty much a lot of people would know about it you know and and know some of the different things about it. But uh they they might weed you out some other way. You know if you if you don't believe like if this was a capital crime and and you don't believe in if you don't believe in death penalty you're not going to be picked at all. The death penalty. No. <SEP> So but. I said that I could believe in it in certain instances but I would be I'd find it hard to levy that against somebody. Yeah. So see there there they would have a doubt about you that you know. You know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because if that's what if that's what the punishment is in that in that instance then you're always going to say you know not gui-. You're you're not going to want to have him have that cri- uh that punishment. So. Yeah. But then when you're when you're picked. See I was picked for another murder trial before. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh gosh and it's so hard because you know everybody is wanting to go on and get the sentence done. And if you're trying to hold out you know there's so much pressure on you. And you've got to come up with a decision. Well especially with something where you have to f- you have to find it beyond a reasonable doubt. You have to find whether they're guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. And it's like do you really feel that sure about.