Well since you live close I don't know if you know um about what Louisville is doing with recycling. Or are you familiar with any of that? Well I know that we have some relatives that live around like the area in there. Huh-uh. <SEP> I know they're doing some curbside recycling as a kind of a test there. Yeah. You know I read you know. When they first started doing that in the paper and I read about that. I was just praying that that would be in our area because we've been recycling for quite some time. And you know we separate everything out and then have to haul it up to a Metco you know which is a real pain. Huh-uh. So if they would come up curbside recycling. <SEP> They'll help you recycle because we there is some bins like behind Wal-Mart that take some things. Well now have they moved them behind Wal-Mart? <SEP> Yeah. Oh God. Because I finally asked because you know we had all of those milk cartons. And there was nowhere else to take them. And they had it in front of Wal-Mart. And I ask in Wal-Mart. And they said they moved it just behind. Oh. That's really nice to know because we were doing the same thing. Because to take it to a Metco you have to take it when they're open you know which is always a real pain. <SEP> Huh-uh. And so when that thing came up in Wal-Mart parking lot we thought oh this is great. And we started taking them up there. And then all the sudden it disappeared you know. I didn't know. And we're going oh no there goes our recycling place. Yeah. That's really nice to find out that it's behind there. Well we pretty much do um plastic milk cartons and um um um newspapers. I couldn't even think of what you call them. <SEP> Yeah. Plastic milk cartons newspapers and cans and glass I guess is the four is really the four things that we do. Like aluminum cans? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> That's about what we do too. And really that's about that's really about it. Is there anything any place else that really takes anything other than that that you know of? Well I guess um down in kind of in North Dallas there is a place that will take almost anything. Oh really. <SEP> Uh I don't we just don't have the room to store all that much you know. I know. I don't want to be running down there every week or whatever. I know. I know. <SEP> We're kind of the same way. You know at first you know you. At first it was a real it was a real hassle. And I'm wondering are we really going to do this. But you kind of get I guess into a little routine you know where it becomes is automatic now to throw different things in different places. Yeah. You know. So I just go you know. We have a pretty good size pantry in our kitchen. And I've just got three trash cans sitting in there. You know we just kind of dump things in each one if you know if we get them. <SEP> Yeah. So. Those milk cartons take up so much room. Oh they do too. <SEP> And they're impossible to crush. I mean you can't get the down to any size you know. If you get four milk cartons and that fills up trash bag you know pretty easily. So. You know. I guess we kind of started recycling after I moved here about a year and a half ago. Oh really. <SEP> We were using baby food. And there was so many baby food jars kind of what started it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Some of our neighbors were doing it. And so you know when I found out some places to take it. And um like um they also take some things at the Flower Mound dump behind the fire station there. And I know that they're going to use you know the money for that to build some kind of multipurpose field and that type of thing. Put lights and stuff. Oh that will be good. So you know if I'm not going to get the money for aluminum I would just assume give it to the city of Flower Mound. To do something with you know. Sure. <SEP> Let somebody get something out of it. Yeah. That's true. And they won't raise our taxes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Ha-ha. Well I was kind of hoping with. You know do you work for T I? <SEP> No. I don't. I have a friend of mine told me about this program is the reason that I'm. No. Yeah. There was a. T I has got this organization called T A D which is T I'ers Against Drugs. And you know we're recycling aluminum cans up here and uh just what you would buy out of the machines and drink here. And there was crushers out in all of the hallways you know. And that's. They use the money from that to fund this T I'ers Against Drugs Program. It's. You know T I doesn't give them any money all everything is made from that. And they had talked about having a thing like one Saturday a month you could come and drop your aluminum cans off from home you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm kind of like yeah. I shall. They would do that because at least somebody was getting the money out of it you know. That was going to use it for good. So. Sorry. Sounds like you have a little one just like I do. <SEP> She'll be two in July. Yeah. Mine was two in December. Oh. Well it was good to talk to you. <SEP> Well it was nice to talk to you. I know they've started over in Richardson where my dad lives. They pick up newspapers I think. Oh do they really. Curbside pick up? Yeah. I really hope they do that in Louisville. It would make it a lot easier on all of us. <SEP> Talk to you later. Okay. Bye-bye.