Okay. Um what do you do this weekend? Well uh pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard. Huh. Which is. Wh- d- what do you plan have planned for your yard? <SEP> Well uh we just bought our house uh last July. And it's it it the house is forty years old. So there's there's an established lawn and whatnot flower beds things like that. But they've uh they've gone a few years of neglect. Uh-huh. So we're in the process of uh revitalizing the whole situation. We've got um different flower beds in front and uh a window box a built in window box um trying to get some color back in those get the trees trimmed up uh get rid of a few weed problems and things like that. Huh. <SEP> So. What part of the state do you live in? Uh I live in Dallas. Oh okay. Okay. My wife and I we live in Dallas too. So. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. Just what that area. We're planning on moving to Flower Mound. And we're going to be getting some wheel h-. We're going to have to do a lot of lawn and garden work there. Yeah. Seems like it. Uh the place we've been living at it's uh we're we're just leasing it. The in Plano and the soil has so much has such a high clay content that uh uh I went to use my dad-in-law's tiller and it about for my arms off sockets. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'll bet. <SEP> I'll bet. I mean just just scratching two or three inches was just a chore. It was it was. And then when it gets wet you know you don't even want to get out in the yard. <SEP> Right. It's horrible. Right. It's a nightmare. But um I don't know what what i-. Um where you live is there a real high uh alkaline or ash content. Or. <SEP> Yeah. It's pretty high alk- w-. Ac- actually it's done uh. It's in the north end of Oak Cliff in uh Kessler Park area. Yeah. Yeah. And uh we've got about. I know right where that's at. <SEP> Yeah. We've we've got mayb- maybe eight to eight inches to a foot of soil. Uh-huh. And then it's solid rock from then on down. So. Really. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh a little aggravating. We can't we can't put in anything too big um as far as uh shrubs and things like that because they've got to get a chance to find the find the cracks in the rock. Golly. But uh. Is it is it limestone under underneath? <SEP> Yeah. It is. It's it's solid limestone. How do you put trees in there? Uh you just we're just happy that there's trees already there so far. Huh. <SEP> Um anything like that is is a uh major undertaking I guess uh. Sprinkler systems or anything uh start to get real expensive because there's an awful lot of work that has to be done chopping through the rock. But uh. And it you know no- not even consider considering a pool or anything like that that's that's practically has to be blasted in I guess. Oh. But uh. And it makes it makes for a a different challenge. I've never. Well I I moved to Dallas about five years ago. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I never really messed with anything uh gardening or anything like that until now. But uh I I keep hearing all the stories of of different parts of town. In fact uh we even we were at the farmers market yesterday and bought a few tomato plants and things like that. Uh-huh. And the first thing the the old guy there at the stand asked is what part of town we lived in because he said uh I've got I've got a dozen different varieties. And each one works in one part of town. And that's it. That's basically what he was trying to tell us. Yeah. Oh yeah. We we tried planting tomatoes last year. And it they they turned out pretty poor. <SEP> Yeah. I just I wi- I just wish I'd known the the variety and everything. Yeah. It. But it it's amazing we also have roses. And I mean they just grow so beautifully. <SEP> Yeah. That wou-. In fact we put in some uh some more roses yesterday. Like what um what type roses? Uh different uh a few different uh hybrid tea type varieties. Oh hybrid teas. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We we have a few uh of the real short stem. They're kin- they're kind of like the bush roses. Okay. But uh I don't know I think it's I think it only has about five or six more years to go because it's a it's a really old bush. <SEP> Yeah. And but I I I'm amazed because the sun is so intense. And the roses just seem to survive just fine there. Yeah. That's we that's what we're searching uh. We've got we've got all the different lake editions around the house. And we're we're kind of experimenting right now. Uh-huh. <SEP> We do we've got the direct sun in front. And the backyard has two great big uh spruce and and an oak tree all about forty to fifty foot tall. So the backyard is just complete dark all day long. Huh. And uh we're we're struggling to find something for those areas. Yeah. Have you have you uh done um done a lot of tree surgeon work on your trees or not? <SEP> No. They're they're in pretty good condition. Yeah. Uh we've been we've been pretty lucky on that. Yeah. Just if you want a lot of you know light for underneath that may be the all right because we had because we have some we have some old fruit trees. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have a plum that's just about ready to go. Uh-huh. So we may just be getting rid of that. But but our peaches they they seem to be doing just fine. But they they really need pruning. <SEP> Yeah. It just seems like they that that even you know pruning once a year is really not enough. But the the way they behave. That's true. That's true. I don't know. But uh but uh what kind of uh what kind of what kind of grass are you growing? <SEP> It's uh bermuda. Bermuda. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I've I've been trying uh uh a mixture of uh the bermuda and the rye. <SEP> Okay. But I may be working like a fescue in because of you know the type of weather. It seems that uh bermuda's bermuda's fine. But um it looks like it would hold the soil. But it really doesn't. Right. A lot of a lot silt that comes in it just doesn't seem to hold it very well. <SEP> Yeah. But uh but the rye does really well. Especially during the wintertime. Okay. But uh but boy once it gets over seventy seventy-five degrees that it just dries up shrivels up and dies. <SEP> Uh-huh. But anyway. Yeah. It's uh. There's such a there's such a difference through the year. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> My my parents-in-law they're they're building a house into the side of a hill um. Well it's already been built and everything. Uh-huh. They've been living there for about three months now. But uh this is out in west Texas. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the the wind there has been so bad that I mean they've tried to plant grass. And they just have some problems big time problems. That's it. They just so they just washing uh watching their lawn just blow away. <SEP> Yeah. But it's it's quite an undertaking. They have about two or three acres of land on lake front property on a on the side of a hill. <SEP> Oh wow. It's beautiful. I mean you can see the house from you know miles away. Uh-huh. But it's you know it's a pretty neat little job. But they save a lot of they save a lot of energy. <SEP> Yeah. But just uh you know for them I mean they they're going to have to start gardening. It's going to be from the ground up. Yeah. The whole way. <SEP> Yeah. And they said well we just plan on spending the rest of our lives just getting this property developed. It's amazing. I mean they have have the all they have are me- uh mesquite and cottonwoods. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And uh it's it's all on Lake Greenbelt that property out there. <SEP> Okay. And uh I don't know that what they have. They have all the water they want. Uh-huh. They can they can actually they can pump water. I mean they have to get permission. But they can pump water up from the shore. <SEP> Okay. But uh that's for like an additional. They have to pay like some kind of fee per year. Oh okay. But uh they're uh right now though I think they're just they're trying to get the trees planted and everything. <SEP> Sure. But man I I just think of all of the money that they that they're going to have to spend just getting that. But the taxes alone there Lake Greenbelt. And some places they they they really nail them for tax. Uh-huh. And I mean you're talking what just several hundred dollars a year in property taxes. <SEP> Wow. It's it's ridiculous. That really is. It it would. It seem like it be just the opposite when you get. Yeah. No. No. It's not it's. Because even though it's far out there it's just that Lake Greenbelt you know they have to they they try to do it just from the selling the water. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um the water usage you know they try to limit even though there's three or four streams that flow into it people still use it enough in like in towns like Clarendon and other areas that where they irrigate. Uh-huh. They they they still haven't gotten used to the dry land farming. But the ir- irrigation because it's gotten so bad the past few years. <SEP> Yeah. That's true that. But I don't know. I just came back from there. And just the air is so dry. I don't see how anything can survive out there for long periods of time. Should say. My father-in-law says the mesquite trees are they're they're pretty smart. They're smart. They're about the smartest tree around. They don't they don't even start growing until May May or April like after it's been raining for a few months. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. That's true. They say the roots have developed. So that's all they work on. Just a leafy. They don't do anything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. That's something I've been uh been looking around and noticed all the flowering trees and stuff are at this time of the year. Uh-huh. And you know we're trying to decide what what to what to put on one side of the house and things like that. But there's so many things that they they last for just a couple of weeks. And then it then it's just a a bush there from then on. It's kind of it's kind of disappointing. I I don't know. My my wife and I we planted on the on the south side of our of our house we planted some gardenias. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they did real fine during the summertime. It's just. But during the fall when it stopped when uh the rain let off just a little bit it I mean it just dried up. Yeah. And uh so I guess it these plants they just they don't. It's like they remain.