Okay. Well I can tell you pretty much my two favorite shows. Okay. And they kind of are in different spectrums I think. Um. One of them is QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> Okay. And the other one is NIGHT COURT. And I think I think they're real different I mean. I don't think they have anything in common. Um QUANTUM LEAP has I mean QUANTUM LEAP is kind of a comedy in its own way I guess. But uh mostly it's it's kind of science fiction. And it's um it's adventure and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then NIGHT COURT is just pure you know weird fun you know. Just it's it's nothing serious about it at all. So I don't know why the two of them happen to be my two favorite shows. But they that's the way it is. So. <SEP> It's funny that those are my two my husband's two favorite shows too. And I enjoy both watching both of them. But I used to didn't like NIGHT COURT. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I. And the only reason I think I like it now is because I've seen it so much. And I'm involved with the characters. But I used to think um Dan Fielding was just too too vulgar and too crude for me. He is. <SEP> And I told my husband that's the whole point. But. Yeah. That's right. I mean. I I just. It's. I find him degrading at times. I guess that is the point. But sometimes it just. Well they they really have changed him though. If If you've watched it this season um he's becoming I mean he still is in his own way degrading and everything. But uh he's involved in that charity. And uh it's taking up so much of his time and so much of his thought that he really has. In fact there was one show that he even turned down a date with some you know beautiful woman just because the idea that he was his mind was on the ozone layer and you know global warming and all this other kind of stuff. <SEP> Oh. And he you know was too depressed you know to. So that was part of I guess his character building or whatever. But. I think it adds a probably adds a little bit of depth to his character. I haven't watched um. Which of course he needed. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Which in QUANTUM LEAP you get. Even though the person is involved in so many other people's lives you still see a a real person in those situations. He gets um he's doing amazing things. Uh-huh. But he's doing them within the bounds of what a normal person would do. Right. Right. That's a good point. <SEP> And I think that's. I like that. So what do you what do you consider your favorite shows? Um I think my favorite show is HUNTER. Okay. <SEP> And I I like the old ser- series better when um Dede was in there. Dede. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. <SEP> And um so uh uh and then the blond that they took out the one that got killed. Yeah. I can't remember what her name is. But is. Yeah. I didn't enjoy her. I I. She was too much of a opposite of Dede. And I think that's what they try to do. But I think we wanted to see Dede there or somebody like her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well but see I read an article about in T V GUIDE about uh about HUNTER and about his you know latest you know his three girls whatever you want to call them. Uh-huh. And they say that uh that there was abso- that there was like a conflict between her and him uh that they never really could get her into uh any character that they could use. I mean you know uh. <SEP> The second lady? Yeah. The second one the blond. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. You know if you think about it they didn't really interact hardly at all. They didn't. I mean they were never partners. <SEP> Yeah. She would go her way. And he would do his. Yeah. And I think that's what I didn't like. And and and even even at the beginning Dede and and Hunter would decide that one of them would go do this while the other one would do would go this. But uh it seemed like it was almost two different organizations you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like Hunter was the boss. And this other girl was not. And you know you kind of you're wondering you know well when did this happen? Right. So yeah. I I kind of agree with that. <SEP> And I like the new lady better. But I'd just as soon that they didn't have the romance there. I'd just as soon have the the police story without all the romance. Well I'm afraid that's what they they really wanted to do um. Yeah. I think most shows were doing that. And then they went away from it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And now they're starting to go back to it. And maybe that's what the public wants. I don't know. But I just I like the the cut and dry solve the mystery. And that's what I always enjoyed about it. Yeah. Well see there was that spark between Dede and Hunter for a while. Yeah. But they they like started it. And then they'd pull it back. And they'd start it and pull it back. And that really made it a very interesting uh show to where you never really knew which which one was going to show up. You know whether it was going to where they're going to be real close or whether they're just going to be partners you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that that I kind of thought was good. But um you know it's I guess you know. You always kind of sit there. And you see these two people together. And you always wonder why they don't you know get together or whatever. Yeah. And so I guess that's what they decide to do. <SEP> Just go ahead and quit the wondering. Yeah. And and. But it's it's always been a formula uh for T V that the minute that two people that the two main stars get married that the show ends up you know dying. <SEP> Yeah. A a good example of this and you know this is probabl-. Maybe it's not a good example. I've been watching Nickelodeon all last week because they had what they called MAXIMUM SMART. They had GET SMART for uh ten hours a day from seven o'clock at night until six or until five o'clock the next morning. All the GET SMART episodes you could ever see. Oh. Well the the last day all they did was the last season to where the two of them got married. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was I mean that was the killer. The series died right after that because. I didn't I was going to say I didn't ever watch MOONLIGHTING. Well go ahead. <SEP> But I heard that's what killed it. Uh-huh. Same thing. That uh interplay died when they got married. And so the show died. Yeah. The. It seems like you can do so much more of the subtle hints and the subtle little plays on things before they they before they get married you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. The minute they get married everything's supposed to be cut and dried. And and well of course another one of their mistakes I think is they have a tendency to change characters or to change the characters' uh uh personalities well especially after they get married. Right. <SEP> Halfway through. Yeah. Um couple of examples would be um well like I said this one about Max S- or Get Well Smart the female character Barbara Feldon. <SEP> Uh-huh. She had been at the beginning the the intelligent one the the one who always solved the things and and figured out and kept Max from getting real messed up. Well in short whenever they got married she got dingy. Oh. You know why would they do that? <SEP> Yeah. It made no sense. I I'm guess it's falling back into our traditional stereotype which a lot of shows. Unfortunately that's probably true. <SEP> Yeah. Which kind of. Like in the big soap opera shows which I don't enjoy because of that. But. Well do you you watch um what is that show WHO'S THE BOSS? That's uh that's on Tuesday nights I think. I've seen it before. But I don't watch it regularly. Yeah. Well I I hardly ever watch it. <SEP> Usually Tuesday nights I'm out. So. But as as I've seen it they've they've done sort of the same thing to where they've they started to let them get together. And then they pulled them apart. Uh-huh. And I think they're thinking about that exact thing about the idea that if the show lets them uh get together then you lose part of what the show's all about. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. I always thought that was kind of weird. Yeah. It's funny how we uh we we romanticize people. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like for instance where as the teenager you know you romance a romanticize a rock star. But when he gets married then you don't care any more or something like that. Um right. And I think it's the same with your characters on T V. Do you think that's why most rock stars nowadays keep their marriages secret or at least they keep it quiet. <SEP> Probably. Yeah. I mean. I know it affected me when I was younger. I'm not into rock stars too much lately. Yeah. <SEP> But. No. Like Madonna and Sean Penn. Now I don't particularly like either one of them. Uh-huh. But um uh their marriage was so highly publicized that there was no way that they could stay together. <SEP> Yeah. Or at least that's the way I look at it. Uh-huh. So I don't know. <SEP> It would have been hard. Wouldn't it. Yeah. I would think so. I just the the publicity in and of itself much less the I mean. When you get married you've got relationship to develop in the first place. So having twenty million people watch you do that. Yeah. It's. They wouldn't be easy. <SEP> Yeah. So um well that's kind of interesting. Yeah. So um well I guess that's about all we need to do isn't it. <SEP> Yeah. I think we've covered our time. It's been good talking to you. Yeah. It has been Becky. I really appreciate it. <SEP> You're the first man I've talked to. Everyone else has been a female. So this is a change. Well I think I've um. You're the second female I've talked to. You've had a little bit of variety huh. Yeah. It's kind of nice. <SEP> Okay. Well thanks so much. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.