Are you a player? Uh I I think I am. It's it's been a while now. Has it? <SEP> Yeah. I've uh oh. Just recently I got married. And we bought a house. We're about fifty yards from the golf course. Oh. But unfortunately the house is taking up my time. Yeah. <SEP> So it's been uh it's been almost a year I guess since I've actually uh swung a club for a purpose. Yeah. I hav- I haven't played in about two years. And then I went out two weeks ago with the guys here. I work at T I. Yeah. And I played in a tournament out there. And I shot a net fifty-nine. They were kind of little upset. <SEP> I guess I laid off long enough to get rid of all my bad habits. Yeah. Yeah. I have a hard time inventing shots you know. Let's go around this tree and you know try a slice through a hook here. <SEP> Right. And I can't do that. So. Right. I finally got out. And I've been watching quite a few videos. I had not been able to play. So I took out a few videos and watched them for a while. And I I hope I'm on the right track. <SEP> Yeah. Shot a career low eighty-nine so and my handicap is twenty nine. That's that's great. I like that. <SEP> Yeah. Now it's uh like I say it's been a while for me too. I uh I've got my wife motivated about it um. Really. And uh I think that's probably going to be one of the next investments is get her get her a set of clubs. And uh we'll get out of the driving range and and get some interest built up. And hopefully we can uh we can start in. Yeah. I've tried to get my wife. I bought her a set of clubs four years ago. She hasn't even swung them. But she wants to get into it now after I came home and won the tournament the other day. <SEP> Really. She's she's ready to get off into it. Well great great. That's good. But you know I like I just like getting out being in the outdoors. And I'm a hunter and fisher anyway. But you know. <SEP> Yeah. Same thing here. You know at least I can get out and play a few hours of golf. And it's not going to cost me an arm and a leg really. Right. Right. And I you know I walk. I don't ride. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You know I get a little exercise there too. So. That's. I've got the same attitude. I uh I tell you. I started. I guess the first time I played golf has been probably about eight or ten years ago now when I was in college. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I took uh I took it as a P E course and then kind of left it alone for a while. And then finally got got into it when I was while I was still in school. Right. And since then uh we've made it um. As as the friends start getting married and things like that we've made a tradition of uh having a a Thursday um. Well have have probably like like a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding. Yeah. <SEP> And uh so it. That's back in South Dakota where I grew up. Oh. And uh so that that's uh that's been my main my main involvement. Is it seems like I go home and play golf more than I do around here. But uh eventually I get people to come and visit me in Dallas. Yeah. <SEP> And then I'll show them we can play golf in the middle of winter when we can't do it back home. Yeah. It's pretty nice. We played out here a couple of times in the middle of the winter when my parents came down and what not. They were amazed. Yeah. You know here it is sixty-five degrees. We're out playing golf. And they're freezing cold back there. So. But I uh actually I picked it up when I was in high school on the same as a P E course you know. <SEP> Yep. Yep. When I got into the service I got into it. Oh okay. And now when I come out here I just kind of let it go. And then one one of the guys mentioned to me at work one day if I played golf. And I said Well yeah you know. I've got my clubs. But I haven't swung them in quite a few years. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I got into it and then back out of it. And it just seems like every couple of years I get back in there. Yeah. That's right. You know I really enjoy it. It's really nice. <SEP> Oh it is it's it's a lot of fun especially if you can find somebody that's uh that's got the same level of interest. That seem to be the hardest thing. Yeah. Well about. That's that's true of any sport you know. If you want to play tennis or racquetball. Yeah. <SEP> You don't want to go out and get beat to death. But. Right. And and people don't want to play with somebody that they are going to beat every time you know. No. <SEP> And and uh. And then you know we've got some guys here that they are you know four and five handicappers. Uh-huh. And they don't like to play with me because I'm too slow for them. So. You know but get somebody around your own handicap and you can just mosey on out for three or four hours and have a good time. <SEP> Right. That's right. Yeah. And I've you know I've. Never never yet have I walked up. Now I've walked up a few times on the golf course by myself with nobody else to play with. And never yet have I met anybody on the golf course that wouldn't allow me to join their twosome or threesome. <SEP> That's true. They are always friendly. That's true. Sure come on out you know. And they don't mind if you make a mistake. They don't mind saying Well you know let me tea- tell you how to do that or teach you how to do that or. <SEP> Well. You know it's it's pretty nice and friendly out there. That that's that's so. And you can't find that in all sports. <SEP> Yeah. That's absolutely right. And you can gain a lot of ground doing that too if you if you know. You gets you get in a rut if you do play a lot. But you play with the same people you you aren't going to learn anything. Yeah. After a short period once you learn everything they've got to offer. Then you've basically tapped your resources there. Yeah. You need to. <SEP> Yeah. But uh I'd like to uh eventually I'd like to work up if if my wife does get interested and maybe get involved in a league in a in a mixed mixed doubles league or something like that. Oh yeah. We we have one down here in the summertime. Uh it runs from like five o'clock to seven thirty or eight o'clock you know because it doesn't get dark until nine thirty or ten. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And we play in the summertime out here. We get a mixed league in. And that's what I'm trying to get her ready for. It's going to start well when we change time back whenever that is next month I guess. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it will start then. And you know we had a lot of girls out there a couple of years ago. And they were just starting to learn. And you know they were shooting a hundred hundred and twenty. Sure. But they were you know. Now they're down into the hundreds nineties. <SEP> Right. So it won't take her long. You know. Well that's good that's good that's sounds like a lot of fun. <SEP> And it's something we can do together. So. Well she doesn't do much hunting. She could care less about that. Yeah. She's does a little fishing. But you know golf would give her the exercise. She'd be outside. Give her something to do that we both enjoy. So. <SEP> Yeah. It it sounds like we've got real similar situations. Yeah. I I I go home uh I've gone home every year now since I've moved to Dallas to to go pheasant hunting. And uh um the the last time I I took my wife along. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh k- kind of the same situation. She's she's up in the house and talked to my mother the whole time we were out hunting and stuff. But She'll definitely uh she'll make the trip for fishing if that comes along. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh it's it's interesting. All right. Yeah. And it's you know it's a game that you don't. Like bowling you know you feel bad if you bowl a hundred. But if you shoot a hundred in golf you know. You don't have to be an expert to play. <SEP> That's right. Any novice can pick up a club and learn how to hold one and learn how to do it and do it right. Uh-huh. So you know you don't have to be an expert in any aspect of it at all. <SEP> That's right. Well yeah. I've I've kind of formed the attitude that you know if I could just if I could pick two or three shots out uh out of my game every time and put them together on one hole then I do pretty good. Yeah. And then and I keep I keep rationalizing that well you know I can do it. I just got to do it all at th- on the same hole. And and then it will get better. And you just keep going. And in the meantime just enjoy what you're doing. Yeah. <SEP> It it it really works that way. And when you know when I first got back into it I used to get mad because I knew I could do something. And I didn't get it done. Uh-huh. You know. And I just well I need to slice this ball around here. I naturally slice anyway. Now you know the ball will go straight. And I go. <SEP> Yeah. I never broke a club or anything. But you know I'd get upset about it sometimes. Yeah. And now I guess you know being in my forties I just kind of mellowed out a little bit. <SEP> Sure. I don't get upset any more. So and. Sure. And well that's great. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Well you bet. I guess I'll go back to work. Okay. Sounds like it. All right. See you later. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Bye.