Well how about you. Do you use P C -s? Oh constantly. Yeah. You and me both. <SEP> It seems everything I do is computer related. Huh-uh. And if it goes down then we're stuck all day. Yeah. And so I like the I B M P C personally. <SEP> Huh-uh. But that's pretty much everything I've worked with. And uh I've become so accustomed to it that uh it's second nature. Yeah. What do you use? <SEP> Well I have an I I B M P S two model thirty. Yeah. It's kind of kind of getting too slow for me. But my job I'm an E D P auditor. So I audit uh computer applications both on the personal computer and the mainframe level. Oh huh-uh. <SEP> And I use my personal computer constantly. Not only do I do P C type things like uh using lotus or word processors. Huh-uh. I also use my P C to emulate a mainframe terminal for our I B M mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine. Huh-uh. <SEP> Oh okay. So all I have on my desk is my P C. But I'm I'm getting not only our local area network. But I'm getting two separate mainframe machines also. Oh okay. So we um we use it's an I B M P S two also. <SEP> Huh-uh. And um you know every now and then the file gets so big that you know it moves slower than I'd like. Huh-uh. But I uh I do mainly graphic work on it. And uh a little bit of word processing and then lotus applications to it. <SEP> Huh-uh. Yeah. And uh I don't know. I just I enjoy working with them. <SEP> Yeah. There's so many capabilities out there. I mean the things you can do are endless. Yeah. I've become kind of the P C guru in our audit department because it's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground. Huh-uh. <SEP> And there's three of us E D P auditors. And one of the three of us has an accounting background. And so she's not real proficient in P C's. And the other just has not used P C's that much. Yeah. So I ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they're doing. And I'm the administrator for our local area network. And I need to keep that going. And So I I'm I couldn't live my life without a P C. Huh-uh. <SEP> I don't have one at home. We have one at home. But I just don't find the time that I can use it. Yeah. Right now I would rather not have one at home because I would work at home. Yes. <SEP> Um we've got a couple of portable lap top P C's at the office that I end up bringing one of them home a lot to do work. Huh-uh. If I had a machine already installed at home I would probably work just about every night. One of the reasons why I got mine was before I went on maternity leave. They didn't know how they were going to do without me at work because I am pretty much the like you said the guru in the office with the different programs and any trouble shooting that there is. <SEP> Yeah. Huh-uh. And um so they didn't know how it was going to work. They knew they were going to have to get a modem so that we could in the decks machine so that we could in my home so that we could make it through this eight weeks or so. <SEP> Yeah. But uh you know it's uh it's almost like we could become too dependent on them. Yeah. And oh I we use a lot of free lance. <SEP> Huh-uh. And uh that's uh pretty much takes up a lot of our day so for as producing transparencies and things. Yeah. And um it. Uh compared to the way the things have upgraded Have uh really. <SEP> Right. What's the word I'm looking for. I'm just totally drawing a blank. But uh the way things have changed over the years with the P C and the different programs is just great. It's remarkable the things we can do now and compared to you know a few years. Just the power. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I'm trying to uh get an updated machine. Mine uh is just putting along. And it's not fast enough for a new four eighty six chip. But uh I don't know if my boss will spring for it. Yeah. <SEP> But I'm determined to brake mine. So he has to get me another one. <SEP> We think about that a lot. Yeah. Well that's what I do. We had a printer a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer. Huh-uh. <SEP> And we had about ten people sharing this printer. By it was attached to like a central P C. And you had to take your diskette to the P C to print something. Um now that's awful. So the first thing when I started working at this bank is I said well now first of all we need to all be able to share this P C without getting up. So I talked my boss into investing in a it's not a uh a uh real elaborate local area network. Huh-uh. <SEP> But we can share the printer. And we can uh send files to each other. Okay. And we can mail send mail messages to each other which is good enough. Oh okay. <SEP> It's what we need. Right. And then I talked them into buying a H P Laser Jet. Oh yes. <SEP> And that was a major ordeal to get him to buy it. But once he bought it he has been so pleased. It's it's fast. It's quite. Oh it has good copy. Right. The copy that you can with one of those as compared to one of those dot matrix printers. Yeah. I've got a little little uh I B M Pro Printer on my desk. Yeah. <SEP> But and I can use either the Pro Printer. Or I've got my P C configured to where I can use either printer. The one that's on the network or my own. Huh-uh. So if I just need something real quick and I don't feel like getting up and going and getting what I printed. I can just print it in my office. Um we're just trying to talk ours into getting a laser printer. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's just so. The budget restraints and things like that it's makes it difficult. And uh. They have gotten really cheap. Hewlett Packard makes it's actually a dot matrix printer. Huh-uh. <SEP> But the quality is almost laser quality. Oh huh-uh. And I think it's called the desk jet. And they're you understand I think they're about five hundred dollars now. And we uh got a quote on some laser printers the other day at six hundred dollars. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. I don't remember what kind they were. But uh we do a lot of transparencies. Huh-uh. Sometimes the color would take too long to plot out. <SEP> Yeah. So they just want black and white which see we can just run them through the laser printer real quick. Because it will only take a minute to print one of those out and then run a thermal copy of it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But uh it uh. So that's all you need for like charts and stuff. You don't need them in four colors. No. Huh-uh. If it was a customer presentation then that would be different. <SEP> Yeah. We would want to razzle-dazzle a bit. But uh it's uh. Yeah. We have one in the office. And if we want well in our area if we want to use it we have to you know like you said you had to change it put it on a disc And carry it over to there and see if they're not using the printer. <SEP> You use the sneak- system. Right. Yeah. And uh wait for an opportunity to use it. <SEP> Yeah. We you'd have to just sit and wait while someone else was using the printer. Huh-uh. Until they got off the machine. I know. I know. I understand. <SEP> That was. I was amazed when I came to work. I worked at the uh. Well it used to be the largest bank in San Antonio until N C N B came up and bought the rival. And now N C N B. And now N C N B's got a little larger market share. Huh-uh. But it's the only uh. Well it's part of the bank holding company and that bank holding company of the ten largest banking holding companies in Texas. It's the only one that's still alive. Oh huh-uh. <SEP> Any way I work in a big prestigious place. Right. And I couldn't believe when I walked in the door on my first day and here's the audit department of this this huge holding company sharing a H P Rugged Writer. <SEP> I was going oh wait a minute. Come on guys. This is crummy. So how are you supposed to expect to stay number one when you're behind the times in technology. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We're pushing real hard though. We're we're trying. Well see the entire bank is not like that. We. The the bank philosophy is one of innovation and Lead the market. Huh-uh. It's just the audit department happened to be just a little behind the times because the uh the senior vice president over audits is cheap. Huh-uh. <SEP> And it's real hard to pry money out of him to to do these things. But I was I was able to convince him that it would be cost effective and that our board presentations would be much better. And. Right. Um. We find it hard to believe sometimes or hard to understand when uh we work for a computer company and uh how are we supposed to present the imagine that we're supposed to present with equipment that's outdated That's obsolete. <SEP> Yeah. And the guys that some of the guys that run this place are very tight. And it's like Well why do we need this. Can't you do that with you know what we have. And when we try and then they complain about this doesn't look good. Yeah. Unfortunately the the uh computer equipment and and related peripherals are changing and improving so rapidly. Like for instance we bought a.