Okay uh. Why do you think it uh sounds. Do you think we should adopt it? No. I don't like metric system. You don't? <SEP> I I I think the country is is uh too ingrained in the inches and and just the general uh background. The history of our country has been inches. And I don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system. Uh-huh. It it's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years. And there are going to be people who die because of it because they don't understand uh you know simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and you know how far away something is. Yeah. <SEP> And it's it's not in our national consciousness to do it. We've always measured things in the English system and you know everything you know. Yeah. Our land is in acres. Our people aren't going to understand what an amount of something is. Right. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree with you. I don't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system. I don't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America. Yeah. And also the uh. I don't know. It seems almost like there's this it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations. Because I think they that's an area that the other nations especially Europe look down on us like oh we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system who haven't really attained it yet. And I feel it's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us. And it's like hey we're content with this. No. It's probably not as accurate. Probably you know intellectually doesn't. It's not as sound intellectually but like you said I mean come on. I had six years of college. And I don't know the metric system and I don't care to learn it. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm not some kind of an idiot. I just. And it's easy to trans-. We have a computer for just about everything now. And if it's necessary to translate back and forth between them it can be done. Yeah. <SEP> Because I'm a mechanical engineer. And I've had to work when I was designing packages for people. I mean I had to to work both systems back and forth. Uh-huh. And it was not hard. And you get you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want. And you can push a button. And it'll convert every measurement on there you know from one system to the other in seconds. Right. <SEP> There's a lot of people. Like you're educated. I'm educated. My husband is. But I mean a lot of people are flat not educated. And if I have a hard time you know putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college. <SEP> Really. Or I don't know how much of the you know. Yeah. But a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population they don't have any college probably much at all. <SEP> Absolutely. And if we can't take it and use it easily well how can you put that on like elderly people and you know just people that maybe just aren't blessed with as as much sharpness and ment- mental acuity. Oh yeah. It's just. <SEP> Or or even have had the ability you know the chance to to go to college or to to to learn about. Yeah. I think it's still good they do cover the system. I think it should still be taught in schools. Yeah. <SEP> And they do. I know now because I. Even when I was in elementary school years ago they were you know we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and the various you know basically the other alternate forms of measurements things like that. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Yeah. And and that's acceptable. Yeah. I think it failed too. Because like what you said of just you know hey this is ridiculous. The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now. <SEP> Yeah. I mean if you look at the average family it's like man they barely have time to stop and get gas much less to try and figure out how much gas they're really getting and do all this. Really. It's like I mean come on let's take the pressure. <SEP> You know you need twenty gallons but do you need how many liters. Yeah. And it's just like another thing. Yeah. The American family doesn't need any more pressure. Just leave them alone. Let them measure their drinking water in cups. And leave them alone. <SEP> Yeah. And it it just doesn't it just doesn't make that much difference in the average life. And the scientific community and places where it's needed you know that's fine. Yeah. <SEP> And the rest of the world I mean we are. It's not. We may not be the top. I don't know if we're the top. We're one of the top superpowers of the world. Uh-huh. That's. It may be arrogant. But I mean let them come to us. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel about it. We can convert. And and if they don't like the way we do it just get off our don't worry about it. And I think. Yeah. It it's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German. You know. Right. It is. <SEP> Because it is another language. Yeah. Yeah. And and instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate. <SEP> And that's what I think we ought to do with the metric system. That's funny. Well that's good. I think we kept it at real good. Okay. Is that all we need to say? <SEP> Yeah. It's been nice talking to you. You too. I think that was good. Okay. That was the best one. Usually I get distracted off the topic. You know what I mean. <SEP> Yeah. And we'll end up one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania. And we were talking about something tot- income tax or something. All right. And I just. <SEP> Well good talking to you. Anyway I appreciate it. Have a good day. Bye-bye.