Well in the norman- in a normal route of way we do things how about the ladies go first? All righty. Um well I uh have a four year old who will just be entering public school next year. So I'm really just starting to get involved in uh in what's out there and how they do things. Um as far as the system as a whole I really don't see a problem with it. I do see a problem with graduating people that that can't read and are not you know productive in society or productive to themselves. And uh I think that's the main problem at this point. How about yourself? All right. I'm live in Plano Texas. And uh uh today we're not even suppose to be in school because the uh the way the taxation and all that crap is there really legally isn't any funding for the school systems in Texas today. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So uh I mean when you when you take uh uh professionals and put them in situations they have to make decisions based on money to fund public education. And they can't get their finger out of their ear long enough to to get that major subject in line. Something's wrong. So I think here in Texas mainly that the the they're not serious. They're more serious about what the salary should be for senators than they are for what how the level of education should be for children. I have a one year old. So I'm not I'm more opinionated about the observations than than the true facts. But it's just a shame to me that that the our firemen our policemen and school teachers are the three least paid utilities um that have the biggest impact to our well-being. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. I have I have a real issue with that. Um I think that if from every year when they when they pull in the the the uh test that the last three years you know ten eleven twelve year uh graders take. And and then you see that their education is below the norm throughout of all fifty states. They're not saying that something's wrong with the educational system here in Texas. I have a real concern about that um. As a matter of fact I'm very content to spend my daughter out of state to college in Virginia uh verses having her go down here and not learn anything. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then uh so I'm my opinion I think there's a big concern. Hope hopefully the new uh education secretary of education will do something to fix the problem. But uh I don't know. They've got to quit worrying about uh the uh religious uh overtones in our textbooks and get on with teaching the product. Yeah. I think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up and uh and not really get down to teaching what's important. Uh-huh. <SEP> Teaching these kids you know how really the basics is what it comes down to. Exactly. I was astonished to find out that that across the United States in all public schools it is not mandatory for them to take phys ed. Is that right? Ha- they don't even a lot of the school systems don't even uh the kids nowadays don't even know what what the president's fitness education program is all about. <SEP> Huh. They don't have to do sit-ups and push-ups and all that crap we had to do when we were going to school. I remember. And yeah. And uh I talked to a thirteen year old last night who's uh goes to uh one of the Plano high schools or junior highs I guess. And she said that she had a choice. She could either have taken tennis or weight lifting. So she choice to take weight lifting over the regular gym. <SEP> I mean give me a break. I mean the kids sit there. And they and they drink cokes and eat popcorn for for lunch. And then go out there and lift weights and don't learn anything. And talk. Yeah. It's just a real I have a real problem with the whole system. <SEP> Huh. They need to put some sternness back into the into the teachers and let them be able to uh get the old whip out and get some discipline. Yeah. Then it comes down to what you said before though about them being some of the lowest paid public you know public service employees that there are. Uh-huh. <SEP> I used to I used to date a girl who taught English at ninth grade level. And yet they're so important. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I was absolutely flabbergasted at what they wo- what she was paid. True. She was young you know. But still it's the principle. Right. Of course if she got her Master's degree it would all be different. But uh. <SEP> Well you know it's hard though because then you start talking taxes. And that's a bad word. Oh taxes Lord forbi- Lord forbid taxes. Goodness gracious if we would uh plan our expressways a little better that ten dollars for the bridges and the roads we'd cut that in half and get some teachers we might have us a problem. <SEP> There's an idea. Maybe I should run for office huh? Run on that then no income taxes in Texas huh? That's true. <SEP> I'm in Texas too. So. That's funny. That's funny. Well that's about all I have here. Well me too. I uh I think we both agree there's some problems there. But we'll maybe do our small part to fix them up. Yes. Ma'am. <SEP> Surely. I've enjoyed it. All right. You too. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye.