Okay. Um I guess um this is probably really a good subject for me because I really like to do uh hand work. Uh mostly I do needlepoint I guess. Oh really. But um. <SEP> What kinds of things have you done? Um well I've made a lot of baby gifts. Uh-huh. It seem like that's. Like especially lately there's been so many babies that uh bibs and blankets and things like that. Wall hangings um. <SEP> Do you ever keep any of your stuff? Isn't that funny. No. I do crochet and a lot of uh things like that. And I have very little of my own stuff. And it's kind of embarrassing. People say let me see some of your work. <SEP> Oh well can you do it? Yeah. Isn't that funny. I guess I do have one thing. A friend of mine gave me a clock kit. Ooh. And I I needlepointed the face. And I uh kept that because she gave me that. So. <SEP> That that would be definitely something you'd want to keep. Oh yeah. And it's real neat. Was was the whole face done or just the numbers and and like minute marks? Um basically the whole. Well no. I guess the minute marks. But the minute marks are done they're like hearts. <SEP> Oh. And then the. At the numbers they they're kind of outlined and stuff. It it was quite bit of work. But you know it was a lot of fun too. I really like doing stuff like that. So. I did some needlepoint years ago. And then I got into the Bargello. Oh what's that? <SEP> Well it's an Italian um needlework using using the uh. I started to say the canvas. But the uh huh. What kind of cloth uses that. I I've just gone blank. But it's used with yarn. And it usually takes long stitches over two or three openings in the cloth. Huh. And you weave intricate patterns and use different colors. Like it could be a flame stitch where so rather than drawing a picture you're making a design like a geometric or whatever. And it was used quite often in the colonial times to uh uh to upholster chairs and so forth as well as the crewel um embroidery work that was done on them. Wow that's interesting. What did you what kind of things did you do? <SEP> What I did when I was doing that was mostly pillows you know for sofas and so forth. And I can't find one that I've done. Oh. It's one of those things. I did- I didn't give them away. But I didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple moves or or what. Yeah. <SEP> And it. I was so proud of them when I got them finished. But I have no idea where they are. What did you call that? Bargello. It's B A R G E double L O. Huh. That's. I've never heard of that before. I've probably seen it though. <SEP> I suspect you I suspect you have. I mean when you described it. Yeah. I mean when you described it it sounded like something you know that would be around I guess. But I've never heard of it before. And it's really interesting. Um I guess I've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past. But I've kind of gotten out of that. I use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows. <SEP> Me too. Really. Yes. That's interesting. Yeah. It is. <SEP> How did you know to choose this subject tonight. That's funny. What. How did you. What kinds of decorations did you use with the bas-. How were you decorating the baskets? Oh basically bows and lace uh ribbons. Um. Um. I really wanted to do. You know so many of them now have the ribbons where I'm not sure how they do it. But the ribbons they make them they like. I don't know how to explain it. They make them hard you know? <SEP> Like fabric that's been stiffened. Yeah. Yes. I've never done that. And those are so neat. I mean I would really like to do those. But Um. <SEP> I've seen some. And there there they. I suspect they're fairly simple because the one lady I've seen I know that does it I've never asked her any questions. But she has three kids all under the age of like six. And and they're all a handful. So it's got to be something she can do fairly easily and fairly quickly. Oh definitely. Yeah. <SEP> When I do um crochet it's usually the lacy Victorian type things like that. Oh. And I stiffen those with a a glue mixture. It's like white glue. And it may be something similar to that that the fabric is dipped in and then um allowed to dry in those those draping bows I mean those draping streamers. I don't know. Oh. <SEP> I was just. There's bound to be some kind of fabric stiffener like that that's very similar that's not going to melt too much with uh uh high humidity in a room. Yeah. That's I think that's what my concern was was it really sure and how they would how they would last. <SEP> Do you know what my concern is? How will I dust this thing? You're right. <SEP> That's terrible. No. That's true. That's funny. So many of my crafts. Well right now I'm looking at a little quilted uh uh hanging. It's like it's a flag. And I don't want to wash it because that would start breaking down the batting and so forth. But it's such a dust collector to be out and so forth. Yeah. <SEP> And most of my things are dust collectors. Uh and I hate to dust. I know. <SEP> So first thing I think of is how easy would this thing be to clean. That's funny. No. I do some. I have really gotten out of it. I don't do it quite as much as I used to. Um I guess because I I went back to school. So I don't have as much time. <SEP> Oh you don't have time. No. And I have two children also. You definitely don't have time. It keeps me very busy. But I really enjoy it when I do do it when I get the chance you know. It's really. It's so relaxing to just sit. And but once I get started I can't put it down. I just. <SEP> I have a similar problem. I've got to have time. Or I don't even want to get into it in the first place. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so I end up lots of time not doing anything at all. I know. I started a project it's been over a year ago that I swore I was going to finish for somebody for Christmas. <SEP> You just didn't say which Christmas right. That's what I keep telling this person. Well I didn't tell you what year. What was this project? Um well it's a it's uh cross stitch. And it's a picture. And it's a wildlife. It has deer and trees. And it's really beautiful. But it's going to be a lot of work. And you know I've I have worked on it quite a bit but not as much as I'd like to. You know it's just so hard. <SEP> Now this is done in the needlepoint? Uh-huh. Well I should-. It's counted cross stitch actually is what I'm doing. And so it's really since it's counted you know it's really a lot of work. Yes. Yes. I do know. Yeah. <SEP> I have done a little bit of that. But I decided that that's something that demands my tim- my my total attention. Uh-huh. And so I've got to have total almost total silence. I can't really watch television if the pattern is very intricate. It sounds like you'd have lots of shading on that particular piece. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yep. It is not does not sound like an easy one to finish. No. It really isn't. And I tell you really I could just kick myself for even starting it because I have a feeling I'm never going to get it done. I'm probably going to hear about it the rest of my life. <SEP> Oh I'm sure you'll get it done. But it just may not of the original. Obviously not of the original time schedule. No. That's true. I I just don't know when I'm ever. It just seems like there's just never enough time to pick it up and do it. You know it's just really hard. But I really do en-. Like I said I really enjoy it when I do. It's just hard. Just hard finding the time that can be dedicated. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's there's so many other things that I I have done you know in the meantime like I said so many baby gifts. I've made a lot of bibs and wall hangings. And so you know those don't take much time at all. So it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them. Do you do you use patterns I mean like a book of patterns. Or do you go out an buy a a kit like for a bib or something like that. No. I usually just buy a pattern book. I have several pattern books. And I just go with those. <SEP> Okay. And then I buy the bibs separate. Usually I think it's a little bit cheaper in the long run. And then I just use whatever colors I want to. I don't usually use the colors they tell me to. Um. And it it depends on what it is you know. But some things especially letters if they suggest certain colors for letters I just go with whatever I want to. <SEP> That's what I would do too. Yeah. Yeah. Or whatever I have. There's yeah there's a few designs I guess I've done myself but not very many. Real simple ones you know I do. I've made I made a little uh little uh little thumb print and made it a bunny. <SEP> Ooh. It was really easy. I mean just just did a thumb print. You know. What. With ink? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh okay. And then see I didn't cross stitch the actual thumb print. You know that was just the ink. And then I made the ears and little eyes and nose and mouth. That was so simple. Oh that sounds really neat. It didn't take anything at all. <SEP> Did you do did you use like uh a stamp pad and ink. Uh-huh. And then I just. Ok. So you. Just like being finger printed.