There we go. Yeah. Well uh I think the weather lately has been a bit warmer than I would expect this time of year. I think that's true. The uh the Bermuda grass is greening up in March. And sometimes doesn't really start doing that until the first part of April. So. So I think we're a little hea- ahead of schedule on that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I was out in my yard yesterday afternoon. And I noticed all that grass coming up. And I thought ooh. We've got to start this mowing bit soon. That's true. It's been a a fun break. But the break is over. <SEP> Yeah. Well um oh I guess another thing I've noticed too here lately is that even though we've had some pretty warm days it's been awfully gray you know just. Yeah. Now the last couple of weekends have been nice and sunny. Yeah. But it seems like every time at work I look out my window it's gray. Well yeah. But I'd rather have a sunny weekend than a gray weekend. <SEP> Oh I go for that. Yeah. Yeah. In fact I'm a little worried about this one coming up here. We have a long weekend. And it sounds like it's going to be a little bit on the cool side. Yeah. I haven't heard whether it's going to rain or not. <SEP> I think there's an eighty percent chance this evening. But it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow. And then the rest will be without rain. Well that's good. But I think the highs are going to be in the sixties and the lows in the forties. That's getting back to a little bit chillier. Yeah. That probably is a little bit under what it is for this time of year. I think. I haven't seen the wea- the weather on the news in the evening lately. But I think the average high would be should be about seventy. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not certain either. But you're probably right. Yeah. Well I like it when it's sort of a medium temperature uh maybe seventy-five to eighty somewhere in there. I don't like it when it's too cool or too warm. I'm much more apt to get things done when it's at that sort of in between temperature. Yeah. That's true. Um one of the remarkable things about the weather in the summertime here is that quite often the average daytime high of say ninety-nine degrees is within five or six degrees of the all time record high. <SEP> Um. And what that tells me is that the summer weather is very predictable that it doesn't vary very much. Yeah. You're probably right. I mean any other time of year that's not the case because it could be very warm or very cold. <SEP> Yes. As a matter of fact I heard the weather the other day on T V. And I think it was one day this week a year ago. Uh-huh. They said that we had a freeze and some kind of bad weather. You know. Right. <SEP> It wasn't just a super bad storm. But it was it was that sort of thing that we never like to see in the the late spring time. Right. Yeah. One of the weirdest things I saw I think it was around this time last year was a twenty-six degree lightening storm. <SEP> Oh wow. I you know I was going into the grocery store. And a a lightening bolt was almost directly overhead. And it was twenty- six degrees out. Um. And I thought Well gee I've I've never known it to lightening at that temperature. <SEP> Yeah. That that is pretty unusual. And you really take notice of it too. That's right. It uh it probably was a lot warmer up high. Sometimes they get those inversions like when we had that twelve and a half days a few years ago that it never got up as high as freezing. The air temperature at five thousand feet was fifty degrees. Um. The cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and couldn't get away. <SEP> Wow. I don't don't like that super cold stuff. Nope. I just don't move very well when it's that cold. Yep. I I'm really enjoying this now. Well this has been interesting. <SEP> Yeah well. Not too challenging to the brain. Not not a real in depth topic but enjoyed talking to you. Nope. <SEP> All right Ellen. Well you have a good day. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.