Okay. We're going to talk about the public school system What's wrong with it an or if anything is wrong with it and what we can do about it what should be done about it. Okay. <SEP> Fantastic. Well one thing that pops into my mind real quick is uh about the uh funding of the the school system right now. Yeah. Evidently uh that's that's a big problem. Yeah. It's amazing uh. I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough I mean to be doing what they're doing uh. <SEP> Right. When I was in college I I enjoyed teaching. 'cause I did some teaching part-time. And I really enjoyed that. But I wouldn't want to go teach high school or junior high. It just you know all the problems. Oh Lord I mean yeah. An you talk about stress and pressure. I tell you what. It's uh. Yeah. They're putting in fifty sixty hours a week. I'm sure because they've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready. <SEP> Do. Right. And you know and they're being paid probably half what most people being paid. Exactly. And. And we're paying basketball people you know millions of dollars a year for for what you know. <SEP> That's right. And then they uh poof it off you know do like Tarpley. Yeah. But uh I. What gets me is I can't believe that Congress uh or our state legislature can't come up with uh some kind of workable means to have funds for the school. You know it's uh. I just don't understand that. Yeah. It's uh. Now do you have little kids or what? <SEP> No uh. Sure don't. My wife and I've just been married about two years. But I have a sister that's a uh school teacher. And uh. Yeah. Yeah. My wife and I have a a three year old almost four and a a two year old. Okay. So we're looking at the the older one going to school next year. Not not well not this coming fall but the year after that. <SEP> Okay. So it's getting close. Yeah. He's going to be going to kindergarten. So. So you know we're we're thinking about that. Right. What's that going to be like. Are they going to be taught nothing. Or they going be taught something. We're going to we're going to be involved in our child's education. We're going to be teaching him what we can at home of course because uh I guess we don't trust the school system which is very sad uh. <SEP> Right. But. But if it doesn't start at home it's not going to go anywhere. Exactly. <SEP> Right. That's true. You know and we're going to try to teach him good values because you know we- when when they get to upper level school and they start teaching them well hey if you can play football or basketball that's what's important. Not if you can read or write or do or un- understand some science. Exactly. You know I mean give me a break. That's that's that's bogus. <SEP> Right. Right. Well and uh you know one thing my wife and I've talked about i- are uh private schools. You know whether uh uh we would want to invest in in private schools as they're g- growing up because you know just in the Dallas area um we're not real comfortable with the with the public schools. Yeah. And Dallas uh school district just recently got an advised status because of their low quality schooling. <SEP> Right. I couldn't believe that. Right. You know one that's one reason we bought a house here in Plano. We were hoping you know well the school district's going to be good you know for resale value and so on and so forth. Yeah. <SEP> But uh I can definitely uh see on down the road you know where we do have kids and are getting to that age that's going to be a definite concern. Yeah. We talked you talked about before about the school funding. I think there's only going to be one solution to school funding which I don't think will be necessarily the best way. But I think what's going to have to happen is there's going to have to be tuition for grade school and junior high and high school kids. That's the only way they're going to fund it because if they start raising taxes for property and people are going to throw a fit. That's. Yeah. And you know that's. Taxes right now are political suicide. Oh yeah. <SEP> You know and I don't think any politician's going to do that. So. Yeah. And the only thing they they would think of would be tuition you know. If it works at colleges it will work down below. Right. And you know that's going to that's going to affect the people that are having kids in school of course which is probably the only fair thing to do. But it will be hard for those that people that have have in school because they have to pay out even more. <SEP> Exactly. And you know it's going to really hurt the the middle class uh people I think. Because uh they're the ones that will probably have to to carry the brunt of the load. Oh yeah. That's right. <SEP> So uh. And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and and knives and everything. I mean good grief what's. Yeah. Now that's that's just unbelievable to me you know. I can't believe that. I mean when I was in junior high and high school that never happened. You never heard about that. <SEP> Well yeah. We didn't we didn't even think about it you know. No. And now you know what do we have now. You know got kids that either got a you know a Magnum gun school. Like good grief. R- right. I mean I'd I'd be afraid to be in school I mean b- teaching or even being a student. And think what what's it going to be like for my my youngest an my oldest son when he goes to school. What's going to happen? I mean I I'm afraid for him to go. <SEP> Exactly. Right. But there again you can't hold them back. Another reason yo-. And you want to encourage them you know to to be active and everything in school. But uh you know with all the peer pressure that's going on with all the negative things it is uh it's a tough environment to be growing up in. Yeah. And lot tougher than it was when I was going to school. And that was. Well I was I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine. So. That was what twelve years ago I guess. <SEP> Okay. Right. So you know it's lot different now. And what's it going to be like in another twelve years when my uh oldest son is in high school. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I'm afraid to I'm afraid to even think about it. That yeah that is a scary thought. But uh I don't know. I I guess what you have to do is just uh keep in uh you know encouraging them and and uh uh try to be open with them so that y- you can deal with the problems as they come up. That's all you can do. <SEP> Yeah. And. You got to you got to be your child's best friend I guess even when they're a teenager and they you know are kind of standoffish. Right. Still you got to be their best friend because when they've got problems who they going to go to their friends that are dealing drugs or or your parents. <SEP> Exactly. You know an and if they go to their friends dealing drugs they're going to be in even worse shape. That's right. And and the schools don't don't really encourage to stay away from that you know. The schools are there to teach history and that we fought the civil war etcetera etcetera. They don't teach them good values like drugs are bad. I maybe I'm wrong because I haven't you know been in that kind of environment for a long time. But it just is amazing you know. <SEP> Right. Need to teach them good values. That's true. That's true. And uh. Of course wh- if I say this is a good value someone else is going to stand up and say oh no. And the A C L U is going to get after them and have a lawsuit. Which is going to take twenty years to resolve you know. <SEP> Right. Well and I think uh you touched on it you know. You've got to start them at the home. Yeah. <SEP> You know that's where they that's where they get the the deep rooted values. And and and uh and that's about right. That's all you can do. Then you just have to hope and pray that that everything uh works out works out okay. So. That's right. Well I got to be going. So uh. <SEP> Okay. Well hey I appreciate the call. Nice talking to you today. You to. Have a good life uh.