Okay. This topic is is Russia a threat to our security? I think they are more of a threat to their own people at this day and time. How do you feel about it? Well they do have uh a major internal problem. Everybody wants to defect. And I can understand why. Um I think their biggest problem is just you know obtaining food to live. So when you have the basic needs uh being unmet I don't think you think globally as far as you know being a threat to other people in the world. <SEP> So as soon as they get their their own home country taken care of then they'll consider what they can do with the rest of the world. <SEP> I believe Communism is very much waning. It's uh pretty much on the way out of the door insofar as the strong hold that they used to have. And the Russian people are all realizing that the Communist system does not work to their satisfaction or their way of surviving in this world. And their rebellions right now is the result of that. If they can get the army or the military to sway to their side I think that uh it will be on the way out eventually. It's just a matter of time because in the Baltic States they have already massacred so many people who protested. <SEP> And that hasn't set too well with their diplomacy for the regarding the uh outcome of their affairs. What's your synopsis? <SEP> Well I do I do realize that uh uh the Bush Administration isn't too happy with with how they're handling their internal uh strife you know as far as diplomacy is concerned. I think it's been a good a good positive direction for uh the Soviets as far as Yeltsin is concerned. You know he was uh allowed to. What wh-. In his in the Congress they they gave him more power as far as his republic in Russia is concerned which is gives him more power overall which I think is a good sign that there will be some you know. Politically speaking you know he's going to have more power. And I think it's a step in the right direction. I think Gorbachev realizes that he's got a a major uh uh power figure you know competing against him. And I think it's going to be pretty close to his demise if he doesn't follow suit with Yeltsin as far as uh realizing. Well he does realize it you know with the fact that they reduced the uh or they increased the prices on their food food and goods. Uh-huh. Uh. It. I think that it went up a thousand percent on most. <SEP> Yeah. Tha- that's incredible. But they had to uh go in the direction of a market driven economy. And and they had to bite the bullet for that. So that's a good move on on Gorbachev's part in doing that. Uh-huh. So. But Gorbachev has still not fully convinced everyone that he's moving towards a two to three party system of government that nor eliminating or diminishing the Communist power. <SEP> And I guess that's where Yeltsin steps in so far as his politics of government goes uh. But I don't know how convinced the people are of him yet myself. Well that's all they got right now. That's their ray of hope. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you know they'll go with you know whoever comes through for them. I it it's just that the weird thing is is that Gorbachev is the one that opened the floodgates as far as with glasnost and poistro- perestroika and stuff. <SEP> And I think he's got between the Old Guard and and the new uh glasnost. Uh I think it's kind of escalated to a point where it's out of control. Uh-huh. And I think he had to pull in the reins the only way he knew how in order to keep the peace on peace on both sides. So I think that's where you know kind of where he's stuck. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Uh I understand. <SEP> And that's the that's the situation that he finds himself in. And you know he's a tough guy. I mean he's been through it. So I have no doubt that he'll. I mean I I think overall he's been a a good figure for the Soviet Union. I mean I think his intentions and his ideals are are uh well intentioned. Uh-huh. And in the long-term. But I just think that because of the basic needs that the people don't have. I think that uh makes the problem most severe and makes him look look worse that what his um what his ideals are personally. <SEP> I agree. What's bad for the Soviet system is that they have the resources to grow and produce their food. But somehow it just does not get out to the market the way it should. I think it's I think it's a lot of uh oh how do you put it? bureaucracy and and uh one thing and then all the corruption. I think there's a a large amount of corruption on the the have and the have-nots. You know. Yeah. That's probably more true than a lot of people realize. <SEP> I I know you're going to have that with every society. At least we're more blatant about it. But it's very secret. And it's been going on for years. I mean you can't change things overnight. Uh-huh. <SEP> And but if it gets to a point where people can't survive I mean there's revolution. You know. And that's. It seems to be headed in that direction too. Yeah. Big time. Major. But you know that's that's what happens when you know the cork blows. And you can't handle it anymore. I mean that's that's the way the world uh you know revolves that way. Uh-huh. Well their knowledge with uh better communication processes in this world now that's reached them is more educated than to the uh ways of the western world. <SEP> Anyway I really question though how much technology the average Soviet is exposed to. And uh I think that was a big stepping stone for them to initiate all their righteous ways of changing things too. They. Probably not enough. But I'm sure I lot of it's filtered down enough to the common folks that they have gotten wind of what they're missing out on. <SEP> Yeah. I think they're starting to realize. But I I just don't think they have the resources if you were to compare uh the Americans to the Soviets as far as home computers are concerned or fact machines Fax machines and cellular phones and state of the art equipment that we are so used to. I don't think they even realize what's out there and to what extent. Yeah. I'm sure a lot of them are missing those household items. Yeah. The major conveniences of life. Yeah. What we consider just I don't normal everyday things to them is real luxury. Which is unfortunate for them. <SEP> Yeah. And of course most of us we don't really appreciate what we've got because we've been so used to it. This is true. This is very true. And we. It's human it's human nature though to take things for granted. And it kind of you know. <SEP> When you've lost something or or uh uh don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize you know what's out there and what you know what you have and what you don't have. Yeah. I agree. So the original question do we think they're a threat to our you know a security threat? Yeah. <SEP> Um yes and no. Yeah. I can go with that answer too. The only yes I could go to is if uh a renegade crew decides to launch an attack or an accidental launching or something to that effect to to a nuclear exchange. But I don't even see that occurring. Uh because their internal strifes are more important right now than concentrating on any kind of outside affairs that they used to be adapted to I guess. Um no. <SEP> Well I don't really feel that the Soviets really want to blow up the world. I mean um we painted them back in the fifties and sixties as as nonfeeling machine type people. And they're people just like us. I mean you know they get up everyday. Uh-huh. And they put their pants on the same way. And they have to eat and everything else. And I just don't feel that.