Okay. Okay. That made a nice ugly sound. So. Your name is Lynn? <SEP> Linda. Linda. Uh-huh. So sounds like you like to read. Yeah. I read quite a bit probably don't read as much as I would like to. <SEP> I don't read as much as I would like to either. I'm I'm a single mom. But I have always loved reading. Uh-huh. What do you like to read? Um well um I'm a I'm a counselor a therapist by trade. So most of my books are um I guess what you'd call self improvement type of books. <SEP> That what I've been reading lately a lot of. Um my interests switch around dramatically. I used to read just mainly fic- fiction. And now I lik- like a said I've read a lot of self self help books. Uh-huh. What kind of things have you read? Oh I read all kinds of things for um helping people survive a divorce. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED was probably one of my favorites. Have you read that? Uh I haven't gotten through it yet. You haven't? No. <SEP> Okay. What would you recommend? Um as far as dealing with divorce? Oh I'm kind of getting that one past me but a good self help book. Good self help. <SEP> Yeah. Well um probably the best one that I I know of and I work with all the time is called SEARCH FOR SIGNIFICANCE by Robert McGee. Um that sounds good. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's one that we use in our work. It's probably one you'd find in like a Christian book store. I don't know what the chains are down there. Maybe in the mall family book store something like that. Uh-huh. I'm writing it down. That does soun- that's sound really good. Um what kind of counseling do you do. Or should we stay on the topic of books? Um probably should stay on the topic. But that has a little bit to do with some of the things that I read. <SEP>. I'm a therapist for Rossa. It's a Christian treatment organization. Oh. And because of that I see uh work with adolescents specifically. So I see a lot of kids with with various problems. Right now some of the things I'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse. So a lot of the books I've been reading have to do with helping them get through those issues. <SEP> Oh I would imagine helping them feel good about themselves. They're at a bad stage anyway. And then to have to deal with sexual abuse would be terrible as a teen. Uh-huh. That's uh that must be a wonderful feeling to be in that profession and be able to make a contribution like that. Well sometimes it's rewarding. And and sometimes it's a struggle. <SEP> Oh I'm sure. I'm sure. Uh what oth-. Is is that just the only type of reading you've been doing. Or do you have you read any good novels lately? Um I guess I've got so many books like that that I need to read. It's it's hard for me to do a lot of uh reading yeah reading just for enjoyment. Just joy reading. Yeah. <SEP> I hear you there. That's for sure. Um. In fact. I guess the last book I've read. My oldest daughter had to read LOST HORIZONS for her English class. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I just realized I had never read it growing up. So I just finished reading that for enjoyment. Um that's neat. And it wa- it was good. Um she she's not didn't enjoy it much. So I didn't get much satisfaction trying to discuss it with her. But I thought it was real interesting. Yeah. I've always wanted to go back and read some of my literature texts from college um because I enjoyed some of those stories so much. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I never seem to have the time to do that kind of reading. I know. <SEP> Yeah. Um I trying to think of some of my other favorite books. But I I keep lists. I must have a list of oh two hundred three hundred books that I want to read. Uh-huh. Just like I want to read that and I write it down. Yeah. I've got a stack next to my bed. <SEP> So do I. I tend to get a little bit of ways in a book. And then I I get distracted and or have to start on another one. It's pretty tough to keep up with. I was trying to think of. I I've got a copy of THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED. But I was trying to think there's another Scott book that I've got that I had read. Uh He he also wrote PEOPLE OF THE LIE. Yeah. That's the one I was thinking of. <SEP> Yeah. I I bought that one. And I didn't get into involved in that one as well. There's another one he wrote that even sounds better. And it's kind of the whole concept of global peace you know like and communities building communities. Uh-huh. Someone just recently said something really neat about that. Uh I got involved in uh Beginning Experience Weekends. And uh it was of the people from there that said that. His latest book and I can't recall the name of it is just excellent. And his whole idea is we can build a better world if people get involved in good community building projects. And he did uh mention Beginning Experience Weekends as one of the you know one of the places. Uh. <SEP> So I've ha- um. That's interesting. Yeah. It it really was. A real fun boo- bunch of books that I read uh the beginning of last year were um the author of JONATHAN JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEA- SEAGULL. Uh-huh. <SEP> I can't think of his name. Is it? Pardon me? <SEP> Uh no uh oh. It'll it'll come to me. But he wrote he wrote the ILLUSION and A BRIDGE OVER TI- A BRIDGE TO FOREVER. Those are mind expanding books. Um. His concepts are so different than what I would have ever dreamed of. I can't think of what his name is right right off the bat though. But uh they they were fun. They were real just books for fun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Have you been involved on the Switchboard long? Um not very long. I really just started. Uh-huh. How did you get involved? My wife has been working for T I. <SEP> Oh I see. I'm a former T I-er. I just recently quit. And so uh I got myself involved in a sales job. And right now my list of books to be read have to do with uh the art of selling. Oh uh-huh. So. It's just I was just thinking at at Rossa. They tend to come out with a new book every couple of weeks just to help us deal with all the things that we have to deal with. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I keep getting stacks of books I need to read. And I don't know when I'm going to get to them all. Never. Never. <SEP> There's never going to be enough hours in the day. I don't think so. Even if you took speed reading. Huh. Yeah. I don't think so. <SEP> So well I'm trying to think of what other kind. Do you like to read mysteries. Yeah. A little bit. Do you like Ken? Um. Trying to think. <SEP> He writes uh spy novels THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE. Uh-huh. And uh I've I've really I really have found his books enjoyable. I like that kind of stuff. I think the last novel I read I read I guess in conjunction with my wife over vacation last year. It was a um last name's. It's called PIERCING no it's called THIS PRESENT DARKNESS. <SEP> Um. It's uh kind of unusual book. It's a lot about spiritual warfare and some things like that. Oh that sounds interesting. It sounds really good. Hey you should make yourself a promise that you'll you'll read one novel in the next six months just for you. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know it's it's so easy to get caught up on reading just for your work or you know self improvement. And you kind of forget the fun of reading. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Very easily. So. Well I guess we've covered the topic pretty thoroughly. <SEP> I think so too. And I thank you for calling. Yeah. Nice talking to you Linda. And uh I'll have to check out that book you told me about. Okay. Great. <SEP> Okay. Hope you like you it. Thank you. Uh-huh. <SEP> You take care. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.