Okay. So what kind of cars are you looking at? Well we've uh we've we've test driven the Oldsmobile Delta Eighty-eight and a Cutlass Supreme and a used Cadillac about three or four years old because uh I get married in a couple of weeks. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have two kids. And my fiancee has two kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> So we need a car that's big enough for six. Yeah. And so we went I guess it was two weekends ago we went uh car shopping and looked around. Uh-huh. <SEP> We found something interesting at Crest Oldsmobile Cadillac up there on Central Expressway. Uh-huh. That uh in addition to getting a new car there they can get you a car that's new. But it's been uh a demonstrator model for two or three thousand dollars even cheaper than the best deal they can give you for a new car. Oh okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. So they call this program cars. And they come with a new car warranty. <SEP> And it just seems to make sense to me to get the most car for your money to get something like that. Right. That's a real good deal. In fact my dad recently got a um a Pontiac uh believe six thousand. Uh-huh. And he got a demo. <SEP> Okay. And it's been a real good car. Yeah. And it's it's like new. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it only had had very very low mileage on it. Sure. And so I think he got a real good deal. Of course they're fully loaded usually. <SEP> Oh yeah. So it's I think it's a pretty good option. Yeah. I think so too. Are the uh Oldsmobiles that you're looking at are they the demos. Or they used. Are they new. <SEP> Well the ones that we were test driving were the uh were the new ones there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well now uh now they may be the demonstrator models that the sales reps drive around in. Uh-huh. And then the Cadillac is is definitely a used car. Or. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. The guy said it'd been on the lot about thirty minutes. He says it'll probably be gone in a done. And it's probably gone by now. Oh no. <SEP> Those things go fast. Uh-huh. Uh of course we're not we can't consider getting a brand new Cadillac because those are twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars. Yeah. <SEP> But when they're three years old they're. The price already drops in half. Uh-huh. So then it becomes uh more realistic. Right. That's what I'm thinking about on my next car is do I want to get another brand new car because last two cars are brand new. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or do I look for a used car that's maybe two three years old that but that's you know low mileage and in good shape. Yeah. But I just I kind of worry about getting a car that's that new with low mileage on it because you wonder why did the person that owned it want to get rid of it. Is it a lemon. Or or is something wrong with it. <SEP> That's right. But I guess that's a risk you have to take. That's right. <SEP> Well you can reduce that risk by uh having the car checked out. I mean you know if you're going to look at fifty different cars you don't want to do this. Uh-huh. But if you've narrowed it down to one or two you can have the car uh uh checked at uh an independent service station and have them go through it from top to bottom and tell you if they can find anything wrong because they don't have any financial interest in it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And then you'll have a realistic assessment of what you're getting. Uh-huh. About how much do they charge to do something like that. Do you know? Oh I'm thinking around twenty or twenty-five dollars. Yeah. That's not bad. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. It'd be well worth it if you're considering buying a car. To find out. I would I would think so. <SEP> I would think so. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's kind of hard for me to talk about buying cars because I just got mine paid off about a month ago. And I. Isn't that a good feeling. Yes. I don't want to think about buying a car for a while. I just want to enjoy not having any car payments for a while and enjoy watching my savings account get larger and uh you know hang on to the one I've got for a few years because it's it's it's almost four years old. <SEP> That's right. But it's still in great shape. I have a Mazda R X seven. Well what you can do is take your car payment and put it in the bank for three or four years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And when you're ready to get another car just pay cash for it. Yeah. I just about could really because I think my car. Yeah. If I continue taking good care of it it's going to hold a pretty good resale value. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh if I consider going the used car route and save up some money I shouldn't have too much trouble at all. Yeah. I I would think that's true. Could you hold on for just a moment? <SEP> Sure. Okay. I'm on a cordless phone. And I was picking up uh some background noise. So I just switched the channel up on it. I didn't want to interfere with whatever they're trying to record. Right. Right. That's fine. Anyway. But uh I really I really enjoy the car I have now. And I do want to hold onto it and and you know enjoy it while it's not having any mechanical problems whatsoever. <SEP> That's right. In fact it never has. That's right. And uh it's been kind of nice. And I surprisingly enough after four years I'm not tired of the car at all. And I want to hang on to it while it's still being a good car and while I'm not tired of it and while I'm single and can handle a two seater for now and get that out of my system. <SEP> Well. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Because one of these days I'll be getting a six seater probably too. <SEP> Eventually. So. Yeah. The first two cars I ever bought well uh uh. I've bought three cars. And I've always bought them new. Uh-huh. <SEP> The first car I kept for thirteen and a half years and got a hundred and sixty-one thousand out of it. Wow. Uh-huh. <SEP> The second car I ever bought I drive to work now. That just turned ten years old. And I've got a hundred and twenty-two thousand miles on that. Uh-huh. So that that's kind of in the way I've done things is to get things that are new and then keep them forever. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh my car is using two quarts of oil a week now. Oh my gosh. About about a quart every hundred miles. Oh no. <SEP> So but uh it runs fine. All you hav-. It's just very thirsty. Yeah. If I just keep the oil in it seems to be okay. But you know that's a sign that I'm going to have to do something sooner or later. Right. What kind of car is it? <SEP> It's a a Buick Century. Uh-huh. Are you going to trade it in on this new one. Or. No. My fiance is selling uh a nineteen seventy-eight Cutlass Supreme that she has. It's actually in better condition than my car. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so she's going to get some money for that and take some money from the bank and then try to make as much down payment as possible to keep the monthly payment low. Uh-huh. <SEP> So she's going to sell it rather than trade it in. Yeah. That's probably the best thing. <SEP> You lose four to six hundred dollars a trade in. Or maybe more than that as I've learned. Oh really. Yeah. When I bought my R X seven I uh best offer I got for my other car was twenty-five hundred. Well I turned around and sold it myself for forty-two hundred. So. <SEP> Oh there you go. You can do much better. I'm glad you're you're taking care of it yourself. I I think trading it in they just use that as additional. They may give you supposedly a better deal on your new car you're buying. But they just are going to give you that much less for your trade in. Well that's fact. What I think. So. <SEP> I think you're right. But strangely enough the best off- I mean the best bargaining I had made with a dealer on my car was also the same place I got the best price trade in. Interesting. But it's a place in Arlington. And I think maybe as you get outside the Dallas area. I kind of. I bet you it's kind of what I decided. Well maybe because it's outside of Dallas they are giving a little bit better prices. Plus I was going through that T I fleet discount program. <SEP> Okay. Did did you use it at the car shop place. Well it's before they had that. Oh okay. I had gone over to Texins. And they had a little file where they said which dealers participated in the in the fleet program. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. And what you could expect they said you know a five percent over cost and then options at cost and everything. Right. <SEP> Right. So I figured out a price based on that. Yeah. That's good. But I I guess I got a pretty good deal because I went back to the Town North Mazda right off Central and offered them the same price as what I knew I was going to be able to get it for in Arlington. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And they said there is no way you can get this car for that price especially if we add on the equalizer and the cruise control. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. He said You're going to get a car that's got flood damage or hail damage. And they just laughed at me. And I went the next morning to Arlington. And they gave it to me for that price. And what's so funny. They took the car they I knew they were going to pull it from Town North because that's where the white one was. <SEP> Is that right. And they had already told me We located one at Town North. So it was that same car. My gosh. Yeah. Well unless you're selling car with hail damage and flood damage I got the car off your lot for that price. <SEP> And you laughed all the way to the bank. Oh I did. And I laughed real hard when I took it in for the two thousand mile checkup. Uh-huh. And uh that they required you to do. And I took it to Town North. And sure enough I saw that guy. And he recognized me. <SEP> Yeah. He said Oh hi Dana. And he kind of looked down and saw that car. And I'm sure he probably knew what was going on the very next day. Yeah. Of course when the place in Arlington went and took the car because I told him there's a place in Arlington that's going to give it to me for that price. <SEP> That's right. He said No they're not. Yeah. And the next day they pulled the white car and took it to Arlington. So I'm sure he knew. <SEP> Such a deal. So I loved it. I sat there. And I just had the biggest grin on my face. I'll bet you did. It was kind of nice. <SEP> Well Dana it's been really interesting. I appreciate talking with you. Yeah. Good talking to you too Don. Okay. Have a good evening. Okay. Good luck in your car hunting. <SEP> Thank you much. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.