Uh-huh. Okay. Movies. I haven't seen too many lately. I have kids. And we went and saw THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER Under over the the break. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do do you have kids you take to movies. Or. No. No kids. Yeah. It's a Walt Disney movie. And it didn't get as you know as good a reviews as like the LITTLE MERMAID their last one and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year. But this one was I thought was excellent. The. Was that the animated version? <SEP> Yeah. It's animated. And I can't believe how good they're getting with their animation now. It's just just the special effects you know. And in this movie this there's this boy. And he rescues this uh bald eagle. And uh and it's a huge eagle you know wing span of twenty feet or something like that. And the boy actually rides on his back. And he rides through the clouds you know. And you see him coming out of the clouds his head coming out and then the bird coming out. And it you know they're flying all over with it. And I mean I know they there must have used been computers or something for animation this day. But it was just so real realistic and lifelike and good animation. It was a good show. Even better than ROGER RABBIT insofar as animation? Well ROGER was a composite one. Yeah. <SEP> There's one there's a movie I've seen ROGER RABBIT. That's not a recent movie. But uh I enjoyed that show. Yeah. That was made in a few I don't know several years back I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Latest latest one I've saw which was a mistake to go see was LIONHEART. Had Claude Van Damme. <SEP> Uh-huh. He was he's of course uh I guess he's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort. But the plot was bland. The acting was bland. It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to. Chop them up huh? Yeah. Chop them up. Exactly. And. <SEP> This is supposed to be the the guy that's uh replaces Bruce Lee or whatever or or the next Chuck Norris type of guy. Yeah. Or he's singular I guess you know. You know how they can make any of any single one of them in a movie to be a super superstar of any sort you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Superstar. <SEP> Uh-huh. But Chuck Norris of course could be just about equal if not more. Uh-huh. Or and all of them I guess could be in that fashion or category. <SEP> Hum. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It was about uh a French Foreign Legion fellow who deserts to go help his brother's wife who got who became a widow because he was selling drugs. <SEP> And he got killed. <SEP> Really uplifting huh? So he deserts and goes to New York. And he starts out by fighting to make money. And then he moves on to L A to where that where she is to just help him out. Uh-huh. It was really I mean the Hollywood really must think there's some real dummies out there or something. I don't know. <SEP> Yeah. I haven't heard I hadn't heard much about that movie. I. Other than it was a chop them up movie. But uh well I guess that's one I won't go see. Well it was worth the buck I guess. Oh you went to the dollar movie? Yeah. Yeah. They show up at the dollar movie right after they get come out. You know they're usually not not that great or didn't do that great anyway. A lot of. <SEP> Let me see. Let me see. Another movie I watched. Uh I want to see uh that new one uh that won all those Academy Awards this year DANCES WITH WOLVES. Uh-huh. I haven't seen that. Have you seen that one yet? Yeah. <SEP> What what what. I I absorbed all of that movie in one sitting. Uh I guess what made it so good was the cinema- cinematography. The the wide open the spaces. Yeah. And the music. And uh well it had an excellent story line. Everything about it was good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I thought an excellent one too was MISERY with Kathy Bates and James Caan. I'm not a James Caan fan. But that was a well directed and acted movie. Is that right? I'd recommend it. It's a little on the violent side. <SEP> Uh-huh. But then what movie isn't anymore. Right. Right. Yeah. Our movies today it used to be X. And you know and P G -s used to be R -s. And seems like the rating system you know is kind of switching that way a little bit. Well I have no objections to it. It's just uh. And it's a matter of your taste uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's just that. Yeah. It's just that the rating system seems you know instead of having X now they have what N C seventeen? Yeah. They just changed it because X had a connotation with it you know. So. And even on those type they don't show what you expect. <SEP> Right. A lot of those are really violent type movies. Right. <SEP> Really gory. Yeah. That seems to be the norm of most movies. But what the hey. Yeah. This is America. <SEP> Let me see. One movie I saw I guess it was a while back RED OCTOBER. Yeah. Have you seen that one? Yes. I have. That was pretty good. <SEP> Yeah. I read the book before. So I knew the story line going in. But they changed some things in the movie. It wasn't the same. I thought the book was better than the movie. But I thought the movie was really good as well. I always wait for the movie. I don't have time to read the book. Yeah. I don't. I read about one or two thick novels like that a year. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's about all the time I can I can spare. But that was a good show I thought you know. I read about how they did uh an article on how they did all the special effects with the submarine. You know that wasn't a real submarine you saw in the water. It was it was all done in studio with smoke and mirrors and all the Hollywood magic. Yeah. All those underwater scenes. I thought you know. It looked to me like it was a real submarine that was in the water you know. They. <SEP> That's the magic of Hollywood special effects. Yeah. I hear this movie F X part two coming out is uh pretty good. <SEP> Is that right? Did you ever see the original one? I didn't. It was uh. You ought to rent the uh F X part one. It doesn't say part one. But it it's F slash X. <SEP> Huh. What's that about? A uh special effects man who somehow gets involved in this um. Oh I'm not sure. I can't remember. It's been a while since I've seen it. But he he gets involved in some sort of bad dealings with somebody. And he has to go underground. And he uses all of his special effects knowledge in doing what needs to be done. Hm. And uh. <SEP> To to fool people. And. Right. And using makeup and using the all the props and whatever to get to where he needs to go. All the tricks. <SEP> Uh-huh. That sounds like an interesting concept. But you need to rent the first one first. To understand what's going on in the second? Uh if if that is that the second one follows the first. I don't know if they have the uh original actors on that first one to that one. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're supposed to be coming out with all these Desert Storm movies this summer too. Oh. I expected those. <SEP> Yeah. I mean Hollywood I mean they were doing their dealings with that before they even got over there I think. Yeah. Well they had some. In some of those you know they I guess they retitled some movies that were going to be about Lebanese and and you know and and Americans. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know. And they just change the title and uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could. I guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an. Actual names will not be used. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Eventually I'm sure they will come out with the the the proper names. <SEP> Yeah. Right. It was such a. It. I guess they they'll probably come out with a lot of movies you know. It was it was such a rout though you know. I don't know you know. They probably do the story of someone who was shot down early in the war or something and how he survived or or about or about those two newsmen or whatever that got captured. Latest story. <SEP> Uh-huh. Kevin Costner I understand is supposed to be play Schwartzkopf supposedly. Is that right? I don't know. <SEP> That's just one of the many rumors that floats around. Yeah. Or what you read. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I think we've probably. Pretty much used up the tape I guess. Yeah. Yeah. It's been about five minutes. It's been nice talking with you. Same. And uh we'll Talk to you on the next go around. <SEP> Keep on watching those movies huh? Okay. Bye-bye. Adios.