All right. Well I have a lot of different teams that I like to to keep in touch with. Of course Texas Rangers being one of them. I mean uh you know you can't live in Dallas without you know. Well what are the others? Well uh I originally came from Saint Louis. So uh the Saint Louis Cardinals are one uh. I moved to Kansas City. See I have I have a tendency to a adopt teams when I wen- go to a tea- uh go to a town. <SEP> Well it's helpful. Yeah. So uh I lived in Kansas City for a couple years. And I adopted the Royals. I lived in Houston for two and a half years. So I adopted the uh uh the Houston Astros. So I mean you know I've got quite a few. Well do you keep up with the statistical stuff? No. I don't I don't get into that too much. Eve- every once in a while I will keep in in touch with maybe like who's in the top five of hitting or something like that. But I don't get into you know how many errors somebody has or things like that. <SEP> Well there's there's a guy on that was on show that I listen to going to work in the morning who does uh uh. Uh-huh. It's essentially trivial statistics. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they've got a st-. It's a statistic that has to do with winning and losing one run games. I've heard of that one. And apparently the Rangers last year won a lot of one run games. Well I didn't know that. That's supposed to be a real good statistic uh. <SEP> Well it it it is. But it's the it's it's a reverse indicator. Well that's true. They don't have the offense to uh to get out or to have the the more runs. So. Well what the what the argument is. And it it it it's one of these statistical. Gee how can you draw a conclusion from it. But they find that tha- tha- there's a connection between that and how they do in Spring training the following year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it's strangely enough it's almost like the law of averages catches you on the following year. Huh. Which means that if you have a good year winning one ru- one run games that the following year you'll have a bad year. And they they've got um they've looked at I think twenty-three teams uh. And and the uh statistics are something like twenty-one out of twenty-three. It was. Which means the Rangers are going to have a terrible year. I uh. Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth. <SEP> Well I mean and it's uh uh. I don't know. What do you what do you think of Incaviglia's loss. I kind of think it was necessary. I mean I i- i- I don't I'm not a a big um pure power hitter anyway. I mean I don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time. I mean uh I think that uh that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it. But when you get two strikes on you you have a tend- you know you should you know shorten your swing a little bit you know. If it's a perfect shot go for it. But I mean you know the strike outs were a big problem for him. And uh plus supposedly what I heard he was not much of a team player anyway. So. Well it it's an interesting concept though when you look at uh of of how baseball how apparently. I was reading in the paper tonight that the Detroit Tigers are going to sign him. And uh and the point of of I guess. I don't understand the the strategy of how baseball works. But it seems that you know they can sign him tomorrow. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he could go in the team the next day. And and and they put him in the lineup. And he hits a home run. And all of a sudden he becomes a hero. Yeah. Well that's true. And and all he has to do is hit the ball. I mean you're not a-. And all he has to do is one you know hit it once. It doesn't. He can he can stri- he can swing a couple times. If he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can. Right. <SEP> It's an interesting uh an interesting concept of of how they do it. But I agree with you. I think that I think that's part of what uh baseball needs more of. I uh I I guess what bothers me is is that when you go um you wait and wait and wait. And finally a guy gets up there and blasts a home run. And that's all the game is. I'd rather see the ball hit around and have the people. Yeah. Well there's there's another point to that too. They said the that um that he was horrible at uh at batting with with men on base. Now having somebody get up and hit a solo home run does you you know gives you run obviously. Yes. But I mean if you can't do it with men on base there's something definitely wrong um you know. You you've got to be able to get the two and three run home runs you know to to be able to uh score enough runs to be able to win in these uh in this day and age. So. <SEP> Yeah. Well how do you think the Royals are going to do? I think the Royals will do okay. They have they have several pitchers that had badly years last year. And they are they're these uh cycle pitchers. They they pitch one year bad one year good one beer bad one year good. Saberhagen has won uh supposedly the Cy. I think he won Cy year uh two out of three years. And uh you know so he's very much due for a good year. Well are they going to beat are they going to beat Oakland? Well now see that's a good question. I that's I don't know how Oakland's going to react to being uh swept in the World Series last year. They could very easily uh take that as a challenge. Which is the way most teams nat- you know naturally do. Uh and and just go out and not give anybody a chance to beat them. <SEP> Yeah. So. Well I go to Saint Louis from time to time. And I watch I I watch their sports up there. And they're uh they're certainly intense about the Cardinals they. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. Baseball is their is their life up there like football is down here I think. Y- did you actually live in Saint Louis? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis. Yeah. <SEP> Ye- everybody does right. Yeah. That's true too. I think that's all that they have. I had a friend from college that lives in uh. It's well I should say on the west side. I mean everything's on the west side. Manchester? Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh out that way. Um. And I went and visited him. But anyway it is interesting. Well how are the Cardinals? Do you still keep up with them or someth-. Yeah. Oh yeah. I I definitely do. In fact I've got family that still lives up there. Um from what I hear from everybody up there they're not going to have a good year because they let too many people go. But I've been following Spring training. And they're like one of the best teams in spring training so far. <SEP> Well is that a good indicator? That well it can be. It it really kind of depends on on um what they were you know what they were looking for. In other words if if in Spring cra- training they were looking at all their kids like a lot of them do um then it really doesn't give you any indication. But if they were uh playing the people that they're going to play then that might be pretty good indication. So you know it's it's not a great indication because there have been teams that have just you know come out and just won all kinds of games in Spring crani- training and then gone on a you know fourteen game losing streak in the first of the season. So. You know what I think is remarkable is uh. It seems that what you really need to do to win though is to have a team that has reasonable talent and has some people that have have have real breakthrough years. Exactly. Yeah. <SEP> And and the question is how do you forecast that. You can't. If you had to if you had to bet on who would be in the World Series I mean it would be really tough. Right. Th- I think the best thing that you can do is go with um the players that are that have the talent to do the best years. And um that they hadn't had these uh gigantic uh career years yet and and just kind of assume that you know so- one of them is going to break through eventually. <SEP> Yeah. So. And I I think they said the Reds um. This last year I'm not sure that they said that they had that many people having career years. Yeah. You know and and so they may be even be- better this year. <SEP> Well well when are the Rangers going to come through th-. Uh that's a good question. I. The Rangers have a have a pitching problem. And whether or not they can fix that or not is going to be an interesting question. They're doing the right thing though uh. They are going with their farm system. They're letting their farm system uh build up and stuff like that. And. Well is there enough money. That's part of it. I uh. That was part of Skip Bayless' argument. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know if you read Skip Bayless but a a local commentary. No. And his argument is that uh the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to to bring in the big dollars. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um that's probably true. Would you would you agree with that? Well considering what I've seen in the last uh you know two seasons I'm beginning to agree with that. Yeah. But I mean you don't have to spend the big money as far as I'm concerned to uh to win. You just have to spend it if it's necessary. <SEP> Uh. In other words if you've got a player on your team who's helping your team then keep him there. Don't let him go away. Yeah. And I think that's really what's been hurting uh the uh Rangers. <SEP> Well didn't Kansas City put up quite a bit of money for their pitching staff. Oh yeah. They they spent more money last year than any other team in the in the league. And they were you know toward the bottom of the league. Uh so it's like I said spending money doesn't guarantee you uh winning a pennant. <SEP> Yeah. It really doesn't. So. Well and that I think that's maybe part of it that that the um. And it you know. If I owned the team. I think you'd like them to do well. But the question of losing big big money that what did did did Steinbrenner actually make money on the. Uh you got me. I you know I think that there's coming to a point real soon when ticket prices are going to be to the point where the average fan can't go. And once you do that you lose everything. I mean. <SEP> Well it's it it yeah it's a little bit like any other sport you know. When it starts costing you fifty or a hundred dollars to go to a game. Uh-huh. And uh you know I mean I I guess as we get older i- you're probably going. If if you if you compare to go to a a sport a a. Say you go to a rock concert or or even a performance a an opera or the symphony or something uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> If you know i-. But how how often do you do that. Right. An. I I I would I would think baseball probably feeds on a number of people that can go out there you know several times a. That that's the whole point. There are so many games in in a year that they've got to have repeat customers. <SEP> Yeah. They can't afford not to. And you know that's one of the things that I think Saint Louis has done um. I mean. Their you know their ticket prices are you know kin- I guess as high as anybody else's. But what somehow or another they attract uh so many people from som-. I mean they're a it's a small market. And yet they attract as many if not more than most uh uh most other cities. So. Yeah. But don't you think there's a there there are older fans there. I I don't mean older um you know. The fact that that it's it's a better established and that the the city is is is more of a.