Okay. What kind of hobbies do you have? Um mostly what I do. I do do some crafts like it mentioned in the thing. And then I I read a lot. Uh-huh. I like to read too. I was trying to think of some while while it was uh talking about it. And then I. It took so long for someone to answer. I started reading the newspaper and kind of forgot about it. <SEP> Oh. But uh yeah. I'd say reading is probably one of my biggest ones because it's the type of thing that you can you can do a little bit at a time whereas I would love to do crafts and stuff if I just had the time to do it or if I had the space. <SEP> Uh-huh. I live in a pretty small apartment. And uh I would have to you know put stuff away. I have two cats. So I couldn't really leave it out if I was working on something. Uh-huh. Reading is a little bit easier to work around. <SEP> Yeah. You can pick it up and take it wherever you go. Any space. That's right. I get too involved in reading sometimes that I neglect what I should be doing. That's true. I do the same thing. <SEP> You get so involved in what you're reading. What types of crafts do you do? I do a little bit of woodworking. Well I used to. I don't have the equipment here. We moved to Dallas about a year ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my dad had a lot of woodworking equipment. Uh-huh. And I did some of that. Um. Here I've mostly done things that I can do strictly by hand um sewing and quilting and um. What else have I done? Things to hang on the wall. Uh-huh. <SEP> Mostly just stuff that I can you know use right around the house or give away as gifts. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I've been making a lot of quilts well not a lot but several quilts lately. Uh-huh. So. I enjoy uh sewing and needlework also. I've I've uh made some small things cross stitch things. And um back when I was in high school I worked at a needlework shop. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I I used to do the latch hook rugs and needlepoint and things like that. And I I still remember how to do it. It's just been so long since I've actually sat down and taken the time to do something like that. But I have recently done some cross stitch. Uh-huh. And I enjoy doing that. It's just the same old thing. It's just getting the time to do it. <SEP> Yeah. I've done some cross um cross stitch. But I never count right. And I always have to either take it out or have my picture slightly off centered or or something. Uh-huh. It never has worked out completely. Yeah. It takes a lot of concentration. I mean it was the type of thing. I was I was making some little things for Christmas. And I also made a little thing for a baby gift. And uh I thought Oh I can do this while I watch T V. Wrong. <SEP> Right. No. You must pay all attention to what you're doing. It's it is a lot more difficult than it seems like it would be. It took me uh quite a bit of time. I though Oh this won't take long at all. But I was wrong. Uh-huh. It took it took a while to do. But it was fun. I enjoyed it. <SEP> Yeah. The first project I started out one was a big one. It was uh it was of a lady. And she was kneeling. And it was about fifteen by twenty maybe. Oh my gosh. And I. It was just too much to start with. And I still haven't finished it because I I stopped. And I thought I better do some simple things and work up to this because it was just so difficult to get it done. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And there were so many different shadings and colors. And and it was just too much to begin with. And I think kind of discouraged me from doing much more with it. Yeah. That's pretty understandable. <SEP> And I've done some of the crewel and the um something similar to that. Uh-huh. But it doesn't have the specific stitches. Anyway it's a little bit more loose and not quite as structured. And I like that a little bit better the variety of stitches and stuff in that. Uh-huh. <SEP> More like embroidery or something. I'm trying to think of anything else I do as a hobby. Um. I don't even watch T V very much. I was tonight. But. Yeah. I was reading when you called. Yeah. <SEP> How about movies. Do you like to go to movies? Yeah. I do I do like to go to movies. And I have a V C R. So I like to rent movies. And um I have right now I have the movie channel. So I've recorded quite a few movies off of that. Um. Just I've kind of got a collection going of tapes now. And whenever I go visit my parents they're always saying Well bring some of your tapes. They always borrow a few of them. I was over there. They live in Duncanville. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was over there at Easter. And they said Bring some tapes with you. So they are always borrowing my tapes. Yeah. But uh. <SEP> Well we. I like to I like to do uh stuff with plants. I like um I have a lot of plants in my apartment. And I've got a pretty small porch. But it's it's uh. I've got a few planters out there that I I'll uh you know. In the winter time I usually plant some pansies in there. And then in the summer I'll plant petunias. Or something that's colorful. And like that blooms a lot. But haven't done that yet. Uh-huh. I kept thinking that it was going to get cold one more time. But I think we're probably past that now. I probably should go buy some. <SEP> Yeah. I guess if I had a house I might enjoy gardening some. I'm not real crazy about pulling weeds and things like that. Yeah. It's the hard work. Yeah. I like the planting and watering is okay. <SEP> It's so nice though when you have a nice yard full of flowers. It's so beau-. I mean we don't. We live in an apartment also. Uh-huh. I've got a few plants here. But I'm not really knowledgeable. I feel real good if I water them. And they continue to grow. You know I feel like Oh I've accomplished something. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I enjoy it. But I'm just not experienced enough with. It. Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't know too much about it either. Mine's pretty limited to my little uh porch plants. And then the ones in my apartment half of which don't look real healthy. But I don't always get direct sun except in certain spots. <SEP> Oh yeah. And so that's probably my problem there. But. Have you tried any growing any um like fruits and vegetables or anything? I guess vegetables are in insi- like in pots and stuff? No. I never have tried that just because I don't have that much space on this little porch here in this apartment or this little balcony. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my other two pots are. They're kind of they're pretty big. And I have enough plants in them that it takes up a lot of my porch area. So between that and the chairs and the barbecue grill and the fireplace wood there's no room for much else. But my dad uh my dad used to grow tomatoes and things at the house. And I'd I think when I was real little I probably had a finger in on that every time he did it and had to be out there and watch and that type of stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I've never really tried anything like that since then. Well I considered it last year. And this year both. But I haven't done anything about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. I think it would be nice to just go out and pick some tomatoes off the porch. We get lots of sunlight here. And the porch is screened in. And it's pretty large. Oh wow. So um I think if I just would be. If I'd do something be motivated enough to do something I think it would work out well. Uh-huh. <SEP> But but there goes that motivation thing again. Right. Well I enjoy playing with my cats. I don't know if you'd call that a hobby. But I have two cats. And I gave them a bath tonight. So they're a little bit angry at me. Can you can you put them right in the water? They didn't like it too much. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh that's good. Right in the tub. And it helps because it's the time of the year that they're shedding a lot and cleaning cat fur off the couch and off the floor is not a hobby of mine. So I thought this'll help you know help them shed. <SEP> And sure enough boy the fur just came off like crazy once I got them in the tub. Oh yeah. So they're pretty content now. But they were mad at me for quite a while. They went and hid after they after they got dried off. <SEP> Sulked for a while huh. Yeah. Well I like animals. But we don't have any yet. We have a nine month old with another on the way. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we thought well maybe when they're a little bit bigger then we'll. Yeah. Or get into a house with a little more space. I'd love to have have some animals. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I like dogs. And my husband likes cats. So we haven't reached a real agreement on that yet. If we get a place where we can have both it'll be great. But until then. Yeah. I like both. But since I'm in an apartment I just I don't think an apartment is big enough for a dog. Dogs to me dogs need a yard even little dogs. Uh-huh. They just need a yard. Cats can deal with being inside all the time just fine. But I just think dogs need need to be outside though. So. <SEP> I agree with you. I. If we were going to get anything now it would definitely be a cat or even a bird or a fish tank or something you know. Something small. Yeah. Now that's an idea. With the small babies. <SEP> That she can watch but won't take too much care. Yeah. Because you kind of. Even even a cat you never know when they might bite or scratch or something. Uh-huh. They're not as likely to as a dog might I guess. But with little ones I'd be kind of scared to get anything that has teeth or claws. <SEP> Especially when they're not quite to the age of understanding that they're hurting you know. That. They grab hold with both hands and then just jerk. Oh yeah. And if I was a cat or dog I'd respond probably by biting or something. I don't know. Oh yeah. <SEP> That'd be my self defense. But Well I think we probably reached our time limit. Uh-huh. Yeah. Probably. So and I'm out of out of good ideas for a hobby anyway. <SEP> Oh okay. Well it was good talking to you. Thank you for calling. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.