Hi. How are you today? I'm great. Good. Well as a matter of fact I'm before we started this conversation I was working on my P C at home. <SEP> Yeah. Do you have one? No. I don't have one at home. I work with one on at work continually you know. Yeah. <SEP> But I do not have one of my own at home. Do you have. What do you have at home? We have an um. Actually it's a T I computer. But it is the I B M um clone. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's not the T I P C from back when. Right. <SEP> From the oldies but the goodies. Right. It's probably pretty close to what I have because I have the same kind of thing at work. I have a three eighty-six S X which is T I computer. But everything in is in I B M mode. So. Yeah. That's what we have. Um. <SEP> Do you use it a lot at home? Well I really do. I um am an accountant. And but I work at home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you're on it a lot. So I use it for that quite often. Uh-huh. We have you know used some of it for some personal things. We keep track of personal budgets and things like that on it. I. Since it's tax season I'm doing a lot of taxes. So I do a lot of um a lot of that work on it as well. <SEP> I was amazed when I took our taxes to our tax person. And she works out of her home also. Uh-huh. And the uh software that does the taxes is just incredible. Oh it is. <SEP> You know I mean she just you know. I expected to go and you know drop the stuff off and go back two weeks later. And you know she had it done and out in twenty minutes on her little P C. Yeah. You can. It was great. Yes. You can. That's right. <SEP> That's wonderful. I have often thought that that having one at home would be neat. I just don't know if we would really use it that much. You know. We really. We deci- we didn't decide to get one until I started working at home. Uh-huh. Then you know then we thought well we can use it for you know some personal things. We di-. For us it really took you know a business application to justify the expense of it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh definitely. Definitely. I know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer oh I guess probably three years ago for Christmas. And you know it's got some stuff on it. It's got a nice little word processing software on it you know and some budgeting type things and stuff. And I don't think she's ever touched it you know. Really. <SEP> It just it just seems like a lot of trouble for something at home. You know she always seems to have better things to do than to try to sit down and figure out how to use her computer you know. So. Right. She could just as easily do those things by hand. Yeah. Just as quickly. Yeah. <SEP> Now I know my boss has bought the software um that he can that his checkbook is on on on a disk. Uh-huh. And he goes in and prin- and types his checks on the screen and then hits print. And they print out on the checks. And he's ordered envelopes with the windows in the right places you know. Oh my gosh. <SEP> And he just whips out you know. I saw him yesterday morning over there. And and he paid his monthly bills. And he just you know wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print. And it printed out like ten checks. And he just you know. They're perforated. And he just ripped them off. They go through just a continuous thing on the printer. Right. And he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes. And there they went. You know and he said you know I can balance my checkbook in seconds you know because it's all in the computer you know. Right. <SEP> So. And you know there's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make. That's exactly why. He said you know he said used to be I always sat looking for those you know. He said this way there isn't any. You know it does it for you. So. This you know. There are some definitely some some advantages to it. It's just a matter of like you say are the advantages does it justify the cost if you're using it strictly for personal business. So. Right. I I think in most cases I'd have to say no. Not unless somebody really enjoys it. Or perhaps is using it for education. <SEP> Right. I have a four year old son. And we have some education programs that he likes. A little Sesame Street one. Yeah. Yeah. And we have another one that plays music. And he really likes that one. <SEP> As he grows up he'll be even more and more too. That's right. That'll be great. And yeah. On. Now I think about it. I guess for for kids like as they get older. Especially now when they get to junior high school high school and even college. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean my sister went to college started about three years ago. And she had to have a a computer. Really. I mean it was like a necessity. <SEP> Well yeah. I. She couldn't imagine going through college without a computer. Well I'm going through right now. I'm you know going part time in the evenings. And you know I do. Yeah. Everything has to be typed. I mean they require it. You have to type it you know. Right. <SEP> And and so I'm up here you know nights and weekends you know working on the little p- on the P C up here you know typing stuff. So I can see where it would be a great advantage to have one at home you know if you were going to school. Yeah. Any more I don't even know if they have if a college kid would have a typewriter. Well you. I don't know. Probably not even. No. <SEP> No. No. And they probably used to have it. I just finished a a major research paper a couple of weeks ago. And I couldn't imagine not having that thing on a disk where I could go back in and move stuff around and change it. Uh-huh. I I don't know what they used to do before they. Well unfortunately in our family my husband and I went through college together. And then he went on and got his Master's degree while I was working. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm the better typist of us. Uh-huh. And we just had a regular old typewriter not even a correcting one back then. <SEP> Oh and you had to type all of his papers. It wasn't that long ago. But I typed his Master's papers and things on a typewriter. <SEP> Oh gosh. Oh boy to have a computer back then. Oh cut your time in half at least. At least. <SEP> At least. I mean. And then of course you have some changes to make and do the whole thing over. You take out a sentence. On a computer you take it out bleep print it out fine. Uh-huh. Take out a sentence on a piece of paper. <SEP> You do the whole thing over. Right. That's right. You know I remember when I was working in high school you know I was working in an office right after I got out of high school. I continued working there for probably another year. And we did everything on a typewriter everything. Oh yeah. <SEP> But it's amazing you know. Then when where you know someone would have you type a letter they did it right they did it right. I mean they were. The first time. Yeah. They sit there. And they go is this really what I want to say. And you typed it. And that was it. And now you know people just send it back over and over and over and over. That's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it's brought about because people do feel like Oh well we can just change it. <SEP> Well we'll try this out and see what it looks like. Yeah. Yeah. Use it as a just a. Yeah. Instead of knowing what they want to say before they eve- they just you know play with it and which in a way is nice to be able to do. Right. <SEP> But you know it it gets a little out of hand sometimes. I've seen it get out of hand up here you know where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up you know of all the letters I type how many cha- how many of them do I make changes on. And on each letter what types of changes. Oh yeah. Are they typos? Are they because I couldn't read it. Or people just change a like one word because they think it sounds better or whatever. And you know she's also keeping a percentage you know what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's like one week she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed you know. I believe it. And it's like you know it's ridiculous. And that was that was the high week. But it's running about seventy which is still ridiculous to have to make changes to seventy percent of everything that she types. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well it's good that she does that I mean bring it to people's attention. Well that's exactly right. You know she keeps you know keeps several weeks' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show you know look this didn't really need to be changed. You know this is ridiculous and you know changing add this time to now. <SEP> You know I mean that's the kind of things you know that she's keeping and showing that this was a big waste of time it was a waste of paper it was a waste you know to change something like that. Right. So. Anyway maybe you know maybe it'll it'll help in some way. But I don't know. There there definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative. Oh I have to. <SEP> Without a doubt. Without a doubt. Well I would like to get one at home some day. We've got a two year old son. And so you know some day I would like to get even just like the video tell or something like that you know just to to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful. You know so. Especially when they're in school I think they would get a lot out of it. Oh I do too. I do too. The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful. You know that sounds like such a great idea. You know it'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it. So. I know my father had a P C. And when we were in high school it was always fun. We could um link in. And I don't even remember now what it was called. But you could link in and talk to other peo- talk to people all over the country you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And like you have your own little code name you know. And you'd type in du du du Hi how are you du du du. And they'd type back and everybody. And you'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time. And everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they're typing it. And it was just great fun you know. It was very expensive because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance you know. It was like a long distance phone call. Ooh. So we were each limited to like twenty minutes a day you know. So. Ooh. That still could add up. <SEP> Oh it added up big. Well you know we my parents were divorced. And so the time we were like visiting our father in the summer time you know. So he felt like he could splurge and let us do it. Yeah. I'm sure we would not have been allowed to do that under normal situations you know. But when you're doing the guilty father complex you know because he's not there to watch us grow you can kind of get all kinds of stuff. <SEP> That's sad. Well it was nice to talk to you. Yeah. You too. <SEP> Have a. Have a nice day. You too. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.