Uh well what would you say your opinion is on gun control? Well I don't know. I've I've had mixed emotions I guess when I listen to uh the radio and and watch T V about the different uh things that are happening. Uh I'm against it. But on the same token uh I went out and purchased a gun just because I wanted the right to do that. Ye-. <SEP> So I I have a rifle in the house. Uh the ammunition is probably so old I'm afraid to use it. But uh I bought it for target practicing and uh and also because I wanted a weapon. Uh how do you feel about it? Well I think uh down here in Texas they don't have a waiting period on handguns. Huh. And I think they need that. Uh and I do have a I have a pistol. It's a little twenty-two. And I have a twenty-two or a twelve gauge shotgun. <SEP> Uh-huh. An- you know I do like to have my guns. Uh I don't know if I'll ever use it you know. And like you my bullets to my little pistol's probably uh about three years old. Uh my gun hasn't been shot in a year or two. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh I like to have them where handy. Well up uh up in New England where I'm from uh you had to get a permit before you could buy any amu- am- ammunition. And I thought that was really good. And I think if they uh. <SEP> Takes two weeks for that system to process uh your request for uh not as a gun permit but uh but to buy ammunition. You have to get a permit from the police station in your local area to do that. I've never heard of anything like that. Yeah. Uh. That would be nice. But a- you know. <SEP> The criminals that are going to get their guns one way or the other. I I I agree. <SEP> I think you know one of the things that that that needs to happen is uh to to stop the impulse buyer from uh buying it quickly and and uh maybe putting a week's waiting period or something on it. But if someone's really determined to to pick up a firearm you can pick it up any place. Yeah. <SEP> And you can get them really cheap. I know. I I had a waiting period on my pistol because I was down in uh Tennessee. And uh they had a waiting period. Uh-huh. And uh we bought it there. And. <SEP> How long was the waiting period out there? About nine days. Huh. That wasn't too too bad. No. No. <SEP> Because if if you're going to go buy something uh uh of that nature I think you you're going to have some idea as to what you're going to do with it. You're not going to react that quickly. In other words you know you don't have a need to go buy a gun to go shoot it the next day. Th-. Somebody wants to do that. I I at times I think they ought to have a waiting period on all firearms. Yeah. I do too. Uh because it doesn't make any difference uh uh whether it's a pistol or a shotgun I suppose. They both do the same kind of job. A shotgun hurts worse than a pistol does. <SEP> Uh yeah. I suppose. I never got shot with either one. But I don't know uh. I think you could recover from a pistol but not from a shotgun. No. A shotgun's got too much of a spread. Or at least ours does. Yeah. Uh it's you know. You have a little uh thing on the bo- bottom of th- on top of the barrel where you you turn it. <SEP> Uh-huh. You can make it either tight or as loose as loose can get. Oh. And the spread changes. <SEP> Uh I've got a manual single shot. And I guess it doesn't have any any automatic features to it. The further away I get the the uh wider the shot gets from the target. Yeah. And the closer that I get the tighter that it gets. It's got a hell of a kick to it. Yeah. My husband had a uh a police gun at one time. And I shot that thing one time. Almost knocked me down. <SEP> And it just a li-. I don- I forget. I think it was a three fifty-seven. I'm not sure. Do you belong to a gun club or you? He belonged to one awhile back. Uh since we moved. We've only been here in Texas for about a year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we can't even find a place to shoot. Just for target practice. No kidding. I'd love to get used to that shotgun. We traded his pistol for that shotgun. <SEP> Huh. Well the the uh clubs that we've got around here are kind of expensive. But uh it's well worth it. You can go down and shoot up against a sand bag and some targets and have uh competition. Uh I've never really joined a club because I haven't got the time. Not because I haven't got the desire. Uh there's an annual membership fee uh that's that's fairly high. Plus there's ini- an initiation fee that you have to pay because of first time uh uh member. So the whole process can cost you a hundred fifty dollars to join the club. Plus you have to pay for the the ammunition in any tournaments that you would join in. Yeah. Well that's what my husband. When he was in that gun club where he was doing that. It you know. He went mostly just to uh shoot at paper targets. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but you know they used speed and accuracy and all that. I think that that the gun clubs serve a useful purpose. In fact I'd like to see somehow they tie the legislation into not only when you buy a weapon you have to uh show that you've gone to school or gone to some class to know how to handle that weapon. That's a good. I've never thought of that. <SEP> That's a good point. And you know it it. Even after you wait your nine days if you don't know how to handle it it's just like putting someone in an automobile that doesn't know how to drive. And you give him a license because he waited nine days. Yeah. That's. And yeah. <SEP> He could he could not only uh uh shoot himself. He could he could uh mishandle a weapon. Leave it at home and let a child get at it. It. Well we uh we was living on a navy base down in Memphis. And uh this one guy decided to play uh lonesome cowboy or something. And he was twirling his gun around and shot himself in his foot. Wow. He was fortunate. He could he could of hit something else. Well he went tumbling down the steps along with uh shooting his foot almost off. He broke his leg and collar bone and a couple of other things I'm sure being Mister Cowboy. <SEP> Wow. I can't remember what the na- the term was going around. It was about four or five years ago. <SEP> But. Now I guess that would be a good idea. About uh private citizens selling a weapons? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me. How do you feel about that? Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the uh buyer and the seller? And or do you believe that you ought to be able to sell your system uh because you own it? <SEP> Uh that's a hard one because we did that. But uh I think there ought to be some rule against it. I'll uh you know. The person who sells the gun ought to protect themselves because if that gun's registered to them and somebody else uses that gun in something the cops are going to come to you. Yeah. I- isn't there a way to uh to deregister yourself after you register a gun? Uh. <SEP> I have no idea. I've only had one gun. Because I have. And I've kept it you know the one gun that was in my name. <SEP> Yeah. Is it registered? Yeah. I-. <SEP> The uh the rifle that I've got is not registered. And uh I don't know why I never registered it. But the uh. I don't think you have to register a shotgun. <SEP> Um I I think it's it's voluntary. The uh the. Well see uh my husband has a thing. If they go to uh regulating uh all right uh banning guns. Pri- pri- pri- private cit- citizens. Yeah. This. My kid is jumping on me. I can't hardly talk. <SEP> My husband feels that they'll come and collect everybody's guns. Yeah. I guess that could happen. It's just like the uh the social security system. Once they uh they gave everybody a number. And now they're making you uh uh get one at at birth. <SEP> And once they have your number they have your identification. Yeah. And if you try to do anything uh like uh not identify yourself to the government they know who you are. Yeah. And everything about you. <SEP> And that's true. Uh I. Bu- bu- you know they know so how much money you make a week to uh probably your uh. My kid is banging. I was seeing what they was banging on. Uh I've lost my train of thought. I'm sorry. That's all right. You you were talking about uh uh Fed- what the Federal government knows about people. Oh the Soc-. <SEP> Yeah. They they probably know everything from half the time wh- ho- what time you go to the bathroom. They probably do. No. That's that's a little bit extreme. But they could know anything and everything about you. And uh I'd like to have my gun. If they go to banding banning them I'd lose my gun. But we wouldn't lose our pis- our uh shotgun. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we're wanting to get a couple of more that no one knows about. Uh-huh. But I don't I don't uh. <SEP> Do you find it difficult picking up uh guns that that are not registered? No. No. I don't either. I can I can buy some uh today if I wanted to. Just you know put up the money. Yeah. W-. <SEP> Yeah. Well you can look in the uh the. We got a thing down here called A SHOPPER. Uh-huh. It's a a ho- it's a it's a bargain thing. Uh you go and ever- you know always see guns in there. Five to seven guns a day. <SEP> Yeah. It comes out every Tuesday. And there's there's no waiting period on that. No. None whatsoever. <SEP> You call. We sold a refrigerator through it. And it took us all of twelve hours. To sell the refrigerator? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And I'm sure it'd be even less for somebody with a good gun. Huh. And I think the Federal government is uh is really far away from uh uh control. I I don't believe in uh. I'm s- I shouldn't probably say control. I mean regulation. Control is something that I wouldn't want the Federal government to have. Uh but I would like to see them have a monitoring capability so that they know who has what weapons. Yeah. Well I agree with you there. They do have too much control over us already. <SEP> Yeah. Uh we could look at our paychecks and see how much control they have. Unfortunately we uh we vote for the the people who spend the money. So I can't complain too much. Yeah. I guess so. I don't know. They're.