So do you have any hobbies? Well right at the present time nothing real special. I kind of like gardening. And I'm kind of into camping and you know vacationing that sort of thing. Yeah uh. <SEP> I don't have any real serious. I'm an avid gardener oh. Oh okay. I think you're. Um I consider that a hobby. I don't know. They were like suggesting like handcraft things which. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess that's a really true true hobby. But I I think anything that you enjoy. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Um it doesn't really have to matter. I mean it could be working on cars could be your hobby really. Really. Yeah. I kind of enjoy doing that a little bit too. <SEP> No. I I guess if you make money at it it becomes a vocation. Yeah. Well I don't know. I told my husband I said you go out some to work on the car. It's not worth getting all mad and fighting and hollering at each other when it goes wrong. I says you go pay to have someone do it. Yeah. Because it always seems it goes wrong when you try to do something. <SEP> I guess as far north as you are if you like gardening you've still got a couple months to go haven't you? Oh yeah. Um well right now we um start our seeds inside. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. That's right. You would. Yeah. We'll start them inside. And uh. <SEP> In cold frames or whatever the. Yeah. Well we usually start them right in the house. Uh-huh. My sister tries to set up a greenhouse on her back deck. And and the wi- and a wind storm come and knock it down. <SEP> Huh. But she's had really good luck. I mean i- ca-. Next month. Well actually it if you if you start it in a couple weeks and you can get your plants outside pretty much the end of May. You can leave them outside. Uh-huh. You might put them in the ground just the first week of June. <SEP> Yeah. But we can put potatoes in the ground in the middle of May. Yeah. I've I've lived in in Texas and New Mexico most of my life. But I did once. I spent one winter in North Dakota. Oh. <SEP> And I I remember that it was on into May before it really started warming up. And uh. Yeah. Well well we live we live really close to Lake Champlain which is in the Champlain Valley. Oh yeah. So we're a little we're about two weeks ahead of everyone else out on the outskirts. So. <SEP> Okay. Because that kind of moderates the weather a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. We are a little lucky. Well my brother lives ten miles from here. <SEP> You're at. And he gets frost. And his crop gets killed. Yeah. <SEP> You're right across the uh lake from what Plattsburgh? Yeah. From Plattsburgh Air Force Base. Yeah. Yeah. But um. <SEP> Yeah. I had I had a cousin that was stationed there Plattsburgh for a while. He he remembers lots of snow. Yeah. Plattsburgh's kind of a. It's uh it's uh depressed economically. Oh really oh. When you go across the lake um. I don't know why we have so much going for us. I really don't. <SEP> I'm just wrote my resume up because told we might be facing layoff over at Digital. And they've never had well they've had layoffs recently. But when we got hired here no no never any layoffs never never. Yeah. And now we're looking at serious. I I mean I'm a technician. <SEP> Yeah. When they start getting rid of technicians. Yeah. Well I'm I'm working for T I Texas Instruments down here. Well I interviewed with them. <SEP> Oh yeah? But I didn't want to go to Texas. Oh. Even though my um mother's people are from Georgia. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess we have to get back to hobbies since. <SEP> Yeah. We're getting to where we're straying I guess. Stick on the subject. Yeah. Well interesting thing that I do is with gardening uh. My sister grows flowers that you can dry. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you can make fl- uh dried flower arrangements. And you can get real handy with the hot glue gun. And we made some really nice Christmas wreaths with uh dried red flowers and dried white flowers and uh eucalyptus. Huh yeah. Yo- you know what eucalyptus is? It's. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The they s- uh it's sold in the hobby stores and nurseries. Yeah. It's got a s-. It's got a kind of a peculiar smell to it. But. Yeah. At first I'm like oh how why do people like this. But it it is kind of a nice smell after a while. People put them in. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't realize what it was for a while. I'd walk into a room where some of that. And I'd wonder what is that you know. And then one day I I realized that it was eucalyptus. Yeah. It's it's it's uh like a fad thing. I I don't know. It's I've never heard of it. In the last five years I've used so much of it that. <SEP> Yeah. I hate. Is that the stuff that koala bears eat in Australia or something? Yeah. It is. <SEP> Maybe that's why they're so slow. I guess they're stoned on the stuff or something. Yeah. It it looks really po- potent stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But uh it's yeah I think it's the greatest stuff in the world though. It's jeez. They I make all kinds of things with it. We make all kinds of things just with dried flowers. I I almost want to start a business doing it. But I don't I I'm so uh timid when it comes to starting a business. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's a big step. Yeah. Yeah. It is especially with the being in on the creative a- aspect and the crafty end. Yeah uh. You know after a while you make some stuff. Then you start looking at it. Go boy this this is kind of ugly. <SEP> But I know someone who does a lot of woodworking for a hobby. Um he does it believe it or not I wouldn't imagine why but to get out of the house away from his wife. Because he's a seasonal worker. He works in the construction. And up here it's almost a pattern. And you see your fathers do it. Then their sons do it. What they do is they work construction. Yeah. Then they get laid off for like twelve weeks in the winter. And uh this guy was going nuts. And his uh son built him a garage and got him some uh oh I don't know what the equipment's called but planers and things and s- set him up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Shapers and planers and routers. And h- he makes all kinds of furniture for um his kids. <SEP> And he makes uh uh like little kids' furniture. He gets right into it. And uh. There was a program on T V down here on the educational channel here a while back about a lot of little little companies of one and two guys you know up there. Espec- this particular one I think was in Maine and New Hampshire where out in the just kind of out in these little towns they'd be in. They may be the same kind of people you're talking about. You know they've they've got twelve weeks to do something. And they they're making furniture and just you know things like that during the winter. And then they go off and do other things during the summer. Yeah. It's a it's a really good thing because it's keeping him sane. <SEP> So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And plus it's keeping his marriage. Yeah. So and and plus he's getting on in his years now. He's he's not that old. But he's getting to the point where he needed an extra boost to to do something like that. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's really it's it's uh hard work. I couldn't imagine taking lumber raw lumber and trying to make something out of it. He d- He dowels everything. That would be really t- you know. Like say the. <SEP> Oh man. Yeah. And it's all got to line up. It's. And uh I don't think he goofs too much. I don't to see too much scrap around. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's something. Now our temperatures down here we're starting to get pretty consistently in the seventies and eighties. God I'm envious. <SEP> And uh so and uh so as far as you know planting outdoor stuff matter of fact tonight I just got through I was planting some some trees out back tonight. And uh this is uh it's really nice out tonight. Is it going to be Is it going to be really dry? Almost hated to come you know. Uh are you pl- are you. Now I always plant trees in the fall. I don't know why. So the the cold weather can kill them. <SEP> Yeah. These were uh trees that that wintered. But I guess. I do- don't know where they came from. They come out of nurseries mostly in Missouri and places like that. And they come down here. And they'll sit in the nurseries here. And they'll go ahead and and uh leaf out. So what I'm planting or actually transplanting is a tree that's or trees that are already leafed out. Oh that's good. I guess they they say you can plant them in the spring or the fall all. <SEP> Yeah. Mostly I think in a place where it's really cold they do it in the fall. Let them winter you know through the fall. Yeah. But uh down here well it's done both ways. It it just kind of depends on what you're what you're planting. But uh all the shrubs and. Yeah. And uh when you have time to do it. <SEP> Yeah. My sister does uh flower gardens. She gets right into it. <SEP> Uh-huh. She spends lots of money on them. And I guess a lot of people do do do that. They landscape their whole house with flower gardens. Yeah. She's got like just a small patch of lawn and just flowers and mulch ba- tree bark all over her lawn. <SEP> Yeah. Flowers during the summer down here the the normal kind of flowers there's very few of them that will really do well. Everything does real well here in the spring until about oh first part of June. And then the re- the heat sets in. It gets ya-. And June July August are you know. Most of the those kind of plants just are just barely staying alive let alone make flowers. Do you have a lot of shade trees around your house. Or is it. <SEP> Uh we're in a relatively new area. We're kind of out of uh the natural tree area. We're kind of up on a on a higher on a slope. So you don't have a lot of tree coverage? So we don't have. Where we are right now there are very few trees. Because goi- going to make. <SEP> This was this was this was pasture land. But down the down the hill here a little ways there are parks that are look like jungles you know. They're really. Yeah. See um uh where my uh well my grandmother passed away but where aunts are they have these huge pecan trees. Uh-huh. And they just shade everything. <SEP> Now where is this? Uh it's in Georgia. In Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. It's yeah it's right outside of Macon. And and it's just a. I like the way that I like the way that idea of the south is. But when I think of Texas I think of nothing but no trees and just grass. <SEP> Well I tell you what. Now see East Texas. There's two parts of Texas East Texas and North Texas. Atlanta and Dallas are almost identical in every way weather and everything. Yeah. The two cities are very very identical. So if you were familiar with Atlanta uh. So it's that dry heat? <SEP> Uh well no. It's it's uh not dry at all. It it's humid. Well where is it. Is it Hous- wasn't it Houston's humid? Hu- Houston is awful. Yeah. <SEP> Houston is really humid. No. It's humid.