Well I haven't heard anything about the proposal myself. But uh Uh I don't know if it's their proposal or one that's being seriously kicked around. No. I haven't either. I've I've always felt for a long time that I I think that all young kids ought to do a stint uh primarily in the military. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Most countries require that now. They you know they have uh it mandatory for for the the uh at least the young men. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't know about the young women. I don't know if they have to serve in the military too. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Well you take Israel. <SEP> I mean everybody does. Yeah. I don't think it's a bad idea. Teaches teaches a lot. I mean I went in the service when I was eighteen And uh stayed in for ten years. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is that right? Yeah. Uh did a lot of growing up. <SEP> I bet. You have to. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. My father had been in the military. I didn't do it myself. My father had. And that's uh how he put himself through school basically. Yeah. He came from a poor immigrant family. And he didn't have a chance to uh you know. The family wasn't wealthy. So he had to do something to put himself through school. Do it himself. <SEP> And he did. And he was very successful. Well my parents wanted to send me to college. And I was dead set against it. You know I had wanderlust you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I got in. And after after wasting the first six years partying and everything else I decided uh-huh time to settle down and do something. So I started to work on my education. Yeah. Course my job was such that I didn't I couldn't do it as much as I wanted. <SEP> Uh-huh. And still I ended up going two semesters when I got out just to get my degree. That's pretty good. But I've been in school ever since. <SEP> That's good. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. That's uh. I don't know. There's other kinds of service to the country that could be done you know. Yeah. I mean if you don't like. <SEP> I mean working in the national parks Uh working clean up the roadsides. Sure. Exactly. <SEP> I mean I've always felt that people on welfare should be required to spend at least part of their time not all the time because that takes away from their opportunity to look for a job but at least some of their time to look for to go out and clean up the roads. You know. Oh yeah. Absol- Absolutely. <SEP> I mean. All these all this money that we're throwing away to pay people to go out and do things when we're paying all these welfare recipients. And if they're able-bodied people I don't see any problem at all with having them go out there and and if nothing else get a group of them together and take them around to old folks places and let them cut the yards paint the houses. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We'd learn service to other people in this country. Sure. Sure. So I'm. Get something out of that money. <SEP> Country would benefit. Yeah. I've. I mean uh. Yeah. Yeah. My next door neighbor when I was growing up worked for the unemployment division. And his sole job was just tracking down people who were getting benefits and able-bodied. And. <SEP> That right. Yeah. And he he had all kinds of horror stories. You know these guys go down there and get their unemployment checks. And back back in those days they also use to give you uh booklets good for uh clothing and gas and things like this. Yeah. They get all this stuff together and sit down and have poker games you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm I jus- I have a hard time dealing with that. What I hear one time I think it was on Paul Harvey's uh radio segment that he said that if the money that goes into welfare each year was to be given directly to the people without all the middle people in the government bureaucracy each person would receive like forty-five thousand dollars. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I was astounded. I don't even make that. No. I know. I you you think about you think about the layer of bureaucracy between the money and the recipient. Yeah. And somebody's taking that away. And and there's probably there's easily probably six or seven times that amount being spent on the bureaucracy. <SEP> Yeah. No doubt. You know it's it's it's totally ridiculous. And now I I I uh started out when I first got in graduate school. I was going into public administration. And uh quite honestly I just got so fed up with it I just couldn't stand it any more. Is that right. Yeah. I mean this is the kind of thing you look at. <SEP> Yeah. You sit there. And when you're writing up budgets you wonder okay how much money do we need. Well you need X number dollars for the recipients. But you need X number dollars to administer the program. Well just ridiculous. Yeah. This is ridiculous. <SEP> It's sad. It is. It's pathetic. I mean there's got to be a different way. There's got to be a better way. But it'll never happen. I mean these these people out here getting that money are big voting blocks. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. What would happen if the required young people to do service to the country. What should they get in return I wonder. Like uh. I think I think there ought to be some kind of assistance as far as uh. And I would limit it strictly to something like tuition assistance. Yeah. Give an incentive. <SEP> Educational or vocational training or something. Yeah. Something that's going to help them along the way. And they'll help the country eventually too because rather than having a bunch of uneducated people we can have educated people. Sure. I mean. <SEP> Well this. I mean I mean look at the statistics. And that's only going to help. I mean it's sad. One in five Americans can't read. <SEP> Yeah. Adults that is can't even read. And and we've got the lowest rates of the civilized countries in science and math. Yeah. I mean what are we what are we becoming? We're becoming a service country. <SEP> As opposed to what we were twenty years ago. Yeah. We were an industrial giant. And now we're no- we're not going to do it because everybody is beating us at the game. We taught them how to do it. And they they did it better than we do. Yeah. Simple as that. <SEP> Because they have the ambition I guess. Yeah. Simple as that. Yeah. Which is good for them. But on the other hand we kind of lose out. Yeah. It's terrible for us. <SEP> I think that if uh young people had service to the country might give them more ambition. Because they learn that serving other people is a good thing. Yeah. Yeah. And and it can be good for them too. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean even even the greedy kids that we've got now. Oh god you go to the mall. And you see you know fourteen year old kids flaunting money because the parents give them money to go down and play video games all night you know. I know. <SEP> For what. I know. Give me the money. And I'll I'll teach them something good. Well you know you know why they do it is so they can get them out of the house. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh that's my other complaint. Parents aren't parents any more. No. They've they've relinquished their parenting. Yeah. One of the other subjects is do you think the public school systems are in trouble? <SEP> Yeah. Well as a substitute teacher for a year I I can say yes. Yeah. I mean I talked with somebody else about that another time. And you know when I's in graduate school working on my master's degree in math I was uh teaching as part of my part of the program. And I just love teaching. That was a lot that's probably the most fun I had. And uh it helped me out because I learned things and learned how to do things differently. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And when uh when come time to get out of school I thought Boy I'd like to teach. But you know for for what. Yeah. <SEP> You know I don't want to live in a little one bedroom apartment the rest of my life. Exactly. I mean that that's a sad thing to think. And that's kind of selfish on my part. And I admit that. Well in a way it is. But you have to look out for yourself you know. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. I mean that's some-. And when we pay garbage men more than we pay teachers. That's wrong. Yeah. Gosh. I mean. <SEP> I'm not saying that garbage men should be paid less. I saying teachers should be paid more. No. I mean yeah. They do an absolutely necessary job. I mean I I have a great deal of admiration for these people who can go out there and do that. Yeah. But uh I mean there's there's a sense of priorities here too. <SEP> Yeah. You know we need. What's more important picking up the garbage or educating our kids. Yeah. They both have their place. Yeah. They they. Sure. <SEP> But you know when it gets right down to it. I mean one's import-. I mean on the other hand I mean you take a garbage man in New York City starts out at twenty-six thousand dollars. That's pretty good. Well I bet you there's a whole bunch of homeless people up there who would take that job for thirteen thousand dollars a year. <SEP> Yeah. I mean my other pet peeve is unions. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know it's just it's it's ridiculous the way unions have gone. There was a time when unions were needed. <SEP> And they served a good function. And they served a good function. But there are enough laws on the books now that unions are outdated. And they're only there to perpetuate their own their own power structure. I remember the company my dad worked for the people there went on strike against the management. It was a steel manufacturing place. And they uh. This was during a time when the import steel was so cheap. And they were having a hard time. And they told the strikers there look. We need you to come back and get this stuff done. Or else we're going to be out of business. And they wouldn't come back. So they went bankrupt. Yeah. <SEP> And and they all lost their jobs. Sure. And and and that's really what happened to the steel industry in this country. And it's like you know. <SEP> Yeah. So many times I mean you had the uh the coal miners and steel workers going out at the same time. And well that took care of that industry. That's right. And and then and I'll tell you. Detroit worked awfully hard on on stopping car manufacturing in this country. <SEP> And they're trying to do that now with the imports. Yeah. I mean you know we've never caught up. And I don't think we ever will. It'll be a tough road though. Yeah. I mean here it is. And we've got we've got to go into partnership with the Japanese to build cars. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And they only did it because they I guess they were embarrassed that they're so good at it. Yeah. <SEP> That's about right. Gosh. Yeah. Well back to the original subject. Yeah. I think youngsters ought to go out and do some public service. I don't care what kind it is. It teaches them pride in their country. Yeah. And pride in themselves too. <SEP> That's right. They could they could I mean you could organize something just within your community. Yeah. Same old thing. I mean. <SEP> That's right. That's like Eagle Scouts. Sure. Uh-huh. And that's a great idea. I think they ought to take them and I don't know just have sort of like a a a manpower pool and say Okay look. We need somebody.