Okay. So uh what do you think about it? Well um I guess I I'm more concerned about public safety than I am about the um the concern for the private uh the idea of preserving privacy for the individual um. Privacy. <SEP> Right. Because I can't really see why anyone um who has nothing to hide would object. Well there is always the uh the possibility even remote as it is of uh of mistaken uh of. <SEP> That's of course that is certainly true. Yeah. Yeah. And see that bothers me. I'm I'm a I mean I'm I'm very much for drug testing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I really am. I mean I'm going I'm going to take the negative side just for a second just to do it. Sure. Um see I have to take uh medication for a uh for for kidney transplant. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm going to be taking that the rest of my life. Now you. Sure. I don't know how that's going to affect uh. <SEP> If you had to have a drug test? Right. Yeah. I mean I haven't had one yet. Um T I. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And and uh we you know we do have the random drug testing. But I've missed it so far. But I mean it in the back of my mind it always bothers me. And what happens if it you know if it if they catch it. They think that I'm you know I'm on drugs. And they send me and and have me uh you know go through this this thing you know. Checked out or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> But it seems to me that there are ways to accommodate that. Um. I agree that that some innocent person might be victimized by a false test. Uh-huh. But I would think that um that some guidelines could be set up to avoid that. For example that one uh positive would not be uh accepted as an automatic um reason for whatever they might be going to do if they found a positive uh dismissal or treatment or whatever but that that what it would do is it would trigger perhaps uh one or two more stages where further tests could be ta- uh done. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because um there are there must be people like you or in other circumstances that could come up with with uh false positives for certain kind of drugs. On the other hand um I think there's certainly some professions that ought to be tested because of the of their responsibility for the public welfare and certainly people in uh industries well the transportation industry for spe- uh you know specifically. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> But um in many many cases whether or not an individual has a problem with drugs it's not even going to effect anybody but his uh you know himself and his own family perhaps um depending on the kind of drug he might be on. Right. But um and eventually that's going to show up anyway in the way he works and so on. Uh-huh. <SEP> But there's so many things that it would make a difference. I guess I I uh I would not want to have anyone in my family uh victimized by someone who you know a a bus driver or a train engineer or something like that who um you know hadn't been tested. Right. Well I you know I'm like I said I'm I'm very much pro testing um. And and this is why. Yeah. Uh number one is I I'm I'm kind of. I know this sounds like a slogan for the government. But I you know we are in a war against drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it's it's horrible. Sure. I mean you don't know whether the person sitting next to you anywhere is on drugs or not. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it takes some drastic steps at this point. And I think personally the drastic step has to be that um that you can't work if you continue taking drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it's as simple as that. I mean make it so Well make it uh ma- not necessarily difficult. Make it difficult enough. But make it so that it's not glamorous. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's glamorous taking drugs. Or at least it seems that way. Yeah. According to what you you hear. Yeah. <SEP> The people who um have serious problems I mean. We have um. Really I guess we're kind of lucky. We really only know of one uh young man who uh who's a fam-. They go to our church. Uh-huh. And it's the son and so on. And he was friends with my children um. And he's really the only one that I know of personally who got himself really messed up um ha- having been involved with drugs. But I know of a number of other people who have you know gotten all messed up. Uh-huh. <SEP> Most of these are young people. I work in the education system. And so I have a little more contact with that. But um the effect that it's had on this young man's life is so dramatic that it's heartbreaking. Uh-huh. And he may never really be a productive member of society. But sadder than that he may never be able to have a normal happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are are almost uncontrollable. I mean he he puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that you know he he's not sure if he's going try to commit suicide or not. Huh. <SEP> I mean he's you know he's so messed up. Right. And um this was a nice sweet young man who teenager you know. And he's now a young man about twenty I guess who um just got really down the wrong path. Right. <SEP> And uh you know I don't know that that his problem would ever have been detected by drug testing. But seeing what drugs did to him makes me see makes me realize what it could do to people you know in the work force as well. Uh-huh. Um it's horrible. Well then. Let's let's answer the second half of the question. What limits ought to be put on it do you think? <SEP> Well the limits uh uh would I think have to do with what I'd alluded to before that there needs to be a further um that that one positive on a drug test would not constitute uh dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might uh have set up for those who genuinely have a problem. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> In other words there needs to be um more than. Treatment before for dismissal type thing. Pard-. Yes. Right. Yeah. <SEP> There needs to be more than one test. And there needs to be some some measure of uh certainty before anything drastic happens. Uh-huh. There are lots of things that are involved there um such as perhaps insurance uh you know denial of insurance for someone um. Uh-huh. <SEP> And undoubtedly there are people who would be victimized by this um that would that you know. It would be unfair. And people who are on medication for example or um even people who might be of the gay community. And I'm not an advocate for that particular segment of society. But um I think that there doesn't need to be fuel to the fire for discrimination. Right. Because it makes a bigger problem. Um. So it seems to me that that um there needs to be some ground you know some rules that protect. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm not sure though when we talk about what rules if any that we should say well certain segments should not have to be tested. I really don't see why. Personally I think that's what I was about to say is that everyone needs to be tested. And yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I don't I don't know why it would be you know uh bad to test just every-. It you know. And it may be you know. It's not feasible to do everyone. But certainly random testing the fact that people know that that they. That it could happen. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Would be some measure of protection. But the bottom line is that that if if you're going to stay clean and straight then um you're you're going to do that because you want to. Right. <SEP> Really. Well there's yeah there there's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever. But the reward ultimately comes down to what you want. Yeah. So I I've got to agree with that. <SEP> So um. That's very true. Um. <SEP> Well it sounds like we agree anyway. Yeah. I think so. I think we I think we did pretty good. <SEP> Yeah. Well all right. Well uh I guess that's about it. I guess if that's all we've done. And I guess we've talked long enough. All right. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. It was it was talk nice talking to you too. Okay. Bye-bye. All right. Bye-bye.