I don't know um. Do you do a lot of camping? Well my husband and I haven't done a whole lot of camping. We but we bought a van last year. Yeah. <SEP> And we were hoping uh to do some camping in the van um. We did go camping in Arkans- not Arkansas Oklahoma. Uh last year in we camped in a tent. And uh there were two other couples with us. And there was uh state park. Oh so. And it was really nice. Yeah. Um up here some of the state parks are really nice. And some of them aren't. Some of them are pretty rough. <SEP> Really? Um yeah. They they just have like outhouses. They don't have like a shower room or anything. Yeah. But some of them are really nice. They have showers and full bathrooms. Um. Um but I don't know. I I've been camping a couple times. But I'm not a real avid camper uh. A lot of people I know are. But um I don't I don't. <SEP> I I don't like really camping in the rough. I like the the the little necessities like having electricity available and running water and showers and things like that. Yeah. We went we went once to a lean-to. And it um. I mean there wasn't any electricity on the camp site. But it was all right. We only spent two nights there. I wouldn't want to spend more than two nights. I wouldn't want to go for like a week. But um two nights is good. Yeah. That would that would be much. Um especially there was a little store close by. So it was pretty nice. <SEP> Yeah. The campsite that we went to was an area that. It's right on a big lake. And there's a lot of boating out there. And we we went up there to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit. But it was still uh it was still too cold. Oh really? Oh. Yeah. It it was pretty early in the year. Um yeah. Up here you got to wait until Aug- August until the water warms up. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's not that bad. But it's still pretty chilly. Um I don't know. I was I have a tent. And I fluff out in it in the backyard and stuff. But this thing about camping that bothers me is you've got to pack everything. And another thing is the thing seems to get. It's dirty you know. Yeah. So you can't keep the dirt out of the tent. I don't know. We have a seven year old. It's pretty funny. Like stay out. <SEP> Yeah. We we have we have a dog. And that's just about as bad as a kid. Yeah. Boy he doesn't go in and out of the tent a hundred times. And use it as a play uh. Uh-huh. They like to play in them. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know how you can really keep uh the inside of a tent clean. Yeah. I don't know. Other than you know taking your shoes off right before you walk in or something and and sweeping it out everyday it's really hard to to keep the sand and dirt out of it. Yeah. Well what we were doing we were just going to say we're just going to sleep in the tent and hang out at night so you know no going in and out and or what he wants to do. We had brought his friend along was play in the tent. It was like no this is not working. You can't do that. You get the tent all dirty. <SEP> Did. Plus you get it all wet. We were at a beach site too. Uh-huh. Um did you have another a big tent like uh um like a looks like a sitting area type you know like a two room type? No. But you know I was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they are really nice. And um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We don't really have a problem with that um in these areas um. And even even when in Oklahoma when we camped I really didn't notice a problem with bugs. And I noticed that. I know that I said that's. I've I've lived back east before um they. They're terrible. They're really terrible. Uh but there's this one campsite that it. Just some of them are known. But there is one that's out in this big lake. And its its its mosquitoes are terrible. And then there's this there's this other one that's more up in the mountains. But it surrounds a man-made reservoir. And there's no bugs. That's the whole thing that everyone told me oh. I'm I was going to go to Lit- Little River State Park. That place is great. There's no bugs. Huh. But oh. Okay. Because uh we were having a really big problem up here in certain areas. We were really affected bad by it but really got it um. Almost destroyed the ch- the tourism in one town because of the mosquitoes. They're so bad. <SEP> Really? Yeah. That was it's a really nice area. I've been there before. And it's. I I couldn't imagine ge- living just sixty miles north of them. But they were plagued they were plagued with them with mosquitoes. And you can go out outside in the daytime all right. But the minute the sun went down um that's when it's usually the minute the sun sets the mosquitoes come out. Huh. I mean just the very second. It's really strange. They uh they must uh work on that you know. The i- it gets cooler when the sun sets. And then they all come out. <SEP> Well have you ever have you ever taken any of those um what do they call this lights. Have you ever used those? Oh yeah. Yeah. I never really noticed how effective they were. But um because that wasn't really. I bought them. I really didn't get to use them like oh there's mosquitoes let's turn them. We just sort of lit them. Uh-huh. And um we weren't bothered that much by mosquitoes. So we didn't really contribute it to that. But um I think in an area that's really thick with mosquitoes. I can't see all this little uh smoke buckets I call them. <SEP> Yeah. They work. But they're suppose to work really well. Huh. Oh I'm in my paperwork here. That's what I do when I wait for a phone call. I get in my paperwork. Oh to find my most important parts. But I don't know I don't know if I'm going to go. I wish was an avid camper. And I could really talk about like gardening or something. You can talk about that a lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um I do want to go again. We just moved to a new hou- into a house. So I don't think camping. Maybe in the backyard. But I don't see going on a camping trip probably until next summer. Yeah. I'd I'd like to go camping cross-country um. I just got married less than two years ago. So we don't have any any children yet um. So it's easy for you to go. <SEP> Yeah. So easy to pick up and go and s-. We have a van. And we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it. Um oh God. So it's not really I guess camping the way peop- most people picture camping in the tent. But. I don't know. But that sounds that my my kind of camping it really does. Yeah. Okay um well um. That is is to have a a nice vehicle where you can have everything in it plus your tent. <SEP> Yeah. Or or get. My brother has a real nice pop-up. Yep. And he just he just tows it behind his truck. Um. <SEP> And he he's got three kids. So his kids will sleep in the truck in the in the back of the bed. Um and they sleep in the pop-up. Well those they're kind of nice. But they're also um flimsy when you really look at them. But when you get inside they're really nice you know. Yeah. Everything's really. But then when you look underneath them it's just got these little wheels and this little axle. It's like oh my. And then a big windstorm it would pick you up. <SEP> Yeah. He did have a problem uh when he went camping last year in Beavers Bend Ok- Oklahoma um. A a storm came in. And it started raining really heavy. And they were all everybody was trying to flee the campsite. Everybody was getting stuck in the mud. Oh jeez. And uh. Yeah. What do you what do you do when you get a I mean like a really violent storm like a tornado. Just stay in your truck. I mean I wouldn't stay in the um. <SEP> Well theirs was so bad. And they were so close to the water that the water was coming up. Oh. And they had to get out of there. So then were they successful? <SEP> Yeah. They yeah they were. But it took them a little while? But yeah. They they decided that that was enough camping for the weekend. Yeah. So did they get stuck? <SEP> No. They ended up getting out. They ended up helping several other people though that were that were stuck. Yeah huh. Well so they evacuated it. Yeah. Yeah. They the whole the whole campsite was evacuated. Wow. <SEP> I mean some I think some people that had fairly sturdy um vehicles or whatever if they had like a Winnebago or something and they were farther in away from the water I think they stayed. Yeah. But everybody that was real close to the water ended up. It was either that or their truck was going to go floating downstream. I know I always I like to get right on the water. Yeah. By the campsite it's so. <SEP> Yeah. We have lean-tos up here. I really like them. Like I say they're kind of just kind of more sturdy than anything you know. Just just. They have them right at the campsites? Yeah. They're they're lean-tos. They're um Yeah they're pretty nice. <SEP> Wow. They're they're uh it's like a little house except the whole face is open. And the one time that we went we got one. It was overlooking the water. But it was a big embankment. I wanted to get one right on the water. We had an electrical storm too. And it was really it was neat sitting there watching it. I mean it was raining. When we called home everybody said oh we were worried about you in that storm.