So how do you feel about our policy in Latin America? Oh I'm all in favor of it. Yeah. No. I uh I think we've been doing a pretty good job you know not uh not taking advantage of our you know of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us you know uh. I mean we could direct the government even more than we have been. I don't think we've been doing too bad. Yeah. Well do you think that's do you think that's right? Do you think we should direct the government? <SEP> Um. Well I think that uh as a whole that the being that the drug problem the drug industry can uh bring so much money to a country. I think that if it wasn't for the United States Government matching that the g- the drug uh cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America. Yeah. <SEP> Just that uh money is power. Yeah. And uh. Well I have a friend that's uh de-. His descendants are from uh uh Nicaragua and uh very. I mean it's like his mother his mother came over. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh he you know. I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about you know our intervention and their government and stuff like that. Uh-huh. And he he was all for it because it's just like you say uh. There's so many people there that that get the kind of control that's bad you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that their governments can become so corrupt. And it's like well you know I use to feel like. Well they they should work their way you know. They should should be able to work their self out of it. Or you know why why why intervene in another country's you know problems and things like that. Why why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that. But I think just a lot of times if we don't then then it then that influence will affect our country too for one. And for two you know that it does help. I mean you know I think the people in those country do want our help. The people that are under conditions that are you know not favorable to this their rights. <SEP> Right. Exactly. So. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh. But uh I wish we didn't have to. I mean I'd rather. Even if a country chooses a government that's not you know exactly the kind of government that we have you know or or as in complete opposition to it at least it's their choice as long as long it's one that's that that makes since so to speak you know. It is a government that stays in power that can stay in power. But it seems like most of them don't you know. Yeah. <SEP> Well sometimes that's that's America doing that too you know. Oh yeah. We we fall out of uh agreements with certain leaders. And then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader you know. It's uh. So you think like C I A influence and our money over there. <SEP> That and uh that and. Yeah. America starts talking then about removing bases and and whatnot and stuff like that and people. Yeah. Or or government aids and stuff. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I think that has a lot of things to did with uh um. Well then how can you how can you say as far as like in uh Europe as far as the the toppling of those kinds of governments you know like. <SEP> Yeah. That was uh. I mean. I'm I'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not. Because on one hand you have you know that the you know the Soviet Government of course mistreating a lot of the uh Slovak countries and then on the other hand you have well. Uh-huh. <SEP> They they were feeding us you know. So uh I don't know really what's going to happen. Yeah. But we don't we're not intervening in that. Or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing. <SEP> Oh. Are. Yeah. I think we're getting quite a. Put it this way I think. No. I think the people are revolting themselves. And. <SEP> Yeah. And we're uh allowing it to happen. See I I agree with that. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree that that the communication that now that communication has become so much more widespread and you know worldwide that people are realizing hey we don't have it so good and let's stand up. <SEP> Right. You know uh this is ridiculous. We're living with these kind of conditions in a world that's advancing as fast as it is. Uh-huh. That uh. I think people are just saying no way we don't want anywhere of this. <SEP> Yeah. I think uh Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive you know where it's always the minority that are are trying to make the country better. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well I mean I don't mean to. Well I guess I do in a way. Sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that. I think that that uh because of those co- countries a lot you know where such Catholic influence. And I think the Catholic religion itself was was such a dominant factor as far as keeping the people down so to speak. <SEP> I thought it was the other way around. But. They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this. So all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of like you know. Uh. <SEP> But but see but I don't agree with that because the Catholic religion as far as through the ages has been the rule so to speak. You know they are the ones that set that set a lot of the rules. And they are the ones that do keep the people down. I mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're yet they're expected to bow down to it I think that keeps people in sort of line you know. <SEP> I don't quite understand that. Do they even understand what's being said? Well when when it use to be Latin. I'm just saying that the old church. Oh yeah. <SEP> The old church. Yeah. Yeah. Which it's not that way now. But I think that there is just that I think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around. <SEP> Well they actually understood. It is in America where it was hard. Latin you know is very very very close to Spanish. Well Latin. Uh they still didn't understand it though I don't think. <SEP> Yeah. Because I I descend from that. And I you know I don't can't I don't understand Latin. Uh. Yeah. And I'm of Spanish descent. So um I I just think that has something to do with why Latinos or tend to be you know the mee- the more meek you know. <SEP> They tend to be more. Like not stand up for their rights as much. They're not really sure of what they are. I don't think. Uh I never really thought of it that way. Well I mean how can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America. <SEP> I mean why are they why are they not as vocal. Or why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights? I don't know. Could be the the economic still. <SEP> You know the. There's. The poverty level is certainly uh you know much worse in the Latin American countries. I mean you can say that about Africa too. I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic uh country. Uh-huh. And yet you know they have the same problem where you know where kings and such. Uh I don't agree with that. <SEP> I don't agree. Because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in in uh Africa. I think they've made a lot more chances. They they've they're very vocal. Well in South Africa. Yeah. In South Africa I think they are. But yet you know. So what's the difference? <SEP> Idi Amin was you know in power for so long. Yeah. So what makes the difference between say South America and the rest I mean South Africa and it is rest of Africa? Yeah. <SEP> Uh racial I think. Or like you say maybe communication of knowing that hey up in other English colonies or previous English colonies everything is equal and yet down there it's not. You know I think communication does have a lot to do with it you know in education maybe. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know about education. Because the black community is still not very educated down there. So I think it is communication. It's just oopsy. I think it maybe has to do with a lo- a lot to do with education. Because you look at the uh European countries. I think they tend to be more educated much more educated than than Africa or the Latin American countries. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. You know that. I don't know whether uh. Actually I I've always wondered whether how the education system works in the Russian countries the Republics you know. Uh-huh. Well I know that Russia they're they're comparably more better educated than we are in our country. <SEP> Really. That's good in a way. You know uh something we compete with. Yeah. <SEP> Uh and I've been sort of disappointed how that they they say literacy rate has gone down you know. That's sort of upsetting to think that we're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer. Yeah. In our country? <SEP> In our country. Yeah. Yeah. That is really upsetting. And and considering it's free you know. I mean good education is really still free. Yeah. Well that's just it though good education. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is it good education? It may be free but is it good education. And that's just it. Are we willing to pay for it you know. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all. But so are they willing to pay for you know quality education you know? Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you know and yet they yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology you know that we use to dominate. And it's like well you know they're educating their people to higher degrees than we do. So you're going to have to expect it. So what you. Are you willing to compromise a little and and pay pay some take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education. So I don't know. Uh. But I I.