Okay. What uh go ahead and tell me about your home. Well my home at the moment is an apartment. Oh is that right? <SEP> Yeah. I work here in Germantown. But I live in Pensacola Florida. Oh that's interesting. So I own a home in Pensacola. And uh let's see. We are to compare homes. Correct? Okay. Yeah. <SEP> Uh my home is well is typical for the area. I live in a development uh. It's a relatively I would say well. God it sounds like sounds like I'm bragging. No. That's okay. But it's upper middle class uh kind of an environment. Okay. <SEP> It's a two story colonial which my wife and I designed. Oh that's neat. Uh it has around thirty-two hundred square feet. Uh five bedrooms and so forth and so on. Wow that's large. <SEP> And it is I would imagine in terms of of size and so forth it's relatively typical for the area. It might be. I would say it's probably midsized for the area. There are some smaller. And there are s- you know several larger. Uh-huh. And uh but based you know in terms of you know in in Pensacola in that area of Florida it uh it's what now. <SEP> It is uh probably ten years old. Oh well that's not too bad. Yeah. That's still fairly new. <SEP> And so it's. In terms of cost and and and size and so forth it uh. The hou- you know housing there is extremely affordable and uh compared to other parts of the country you know. Let's say compared to Maryland that same house here would probably cost three-quarters of a million dollars. Well. But. Oh you're kidding. <SEP> Well do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there. I mean what it's. I really haven't I really haven't uh. When we built it ten years ago it was it ran around a hundred and forty thousand dollars. Okay. <SEP> So I I would have really I haven't really priced you know in the market. So I. It it sounds like. I mean from the way you described it a home like that here would be at least two hundred and fifty thousand. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean Dallas is a very marked up area. Although right now it's a lot lower um because of all the layoffs and everything. Uh-huh. The economy around here is real poor. <SEP> I thought that was on the upswing again now. Well no. Not really. Uh-huh. Um the area itself uh the Fort Worth Dallas area um has become kind of depressed because there's been so many layoffs with big companies including Texas Instruments. <SEP> Yes. Um there's been tremendous amounts of of uh layoffs. So really housing is real bad. The economy itself around here is not too terribly bad. But housing is still real bad. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Well Pensacola has. It's really is a buyer's market there now. Yeah. This is. And it isn't because of the well. There has been a lot of speculative building. Uh I don't know perhaps not in Dallas. Oh. <SEP> But uh I'm sure people in uh you know in uh Galveston and so forth would be knowledgeable about it uh. Pensacola is a Navy town. Uh-huh. And home porting was a possibility a few years ago. Oh. <SEP> They were expecting an influx of something on the order of fifty thousand people or more from the Navy. Wow. A new carrier was coming in and uh the uh attendant uh support vessels. Well that's no longer the case. So do you think. <SEP> It was overdeveloped then? Oh it's it is. I mean the the number of single family units on sale is phenomenal compared to the population. Wow. <SEP> And so i-. Overbuilding is i- has been a real problem there. Um. So you can still get a get a a good house for a very very reasonable price. And I mean good I would. Let's say typical say three bedroom uh two and a half baths on a half acre or so of land uh reasonable construction would probably run you uh right now anywhere between somewhere between a hundred and a hundred and forty thousand dollars. And probably perhaps cheaper depending upon the neighborhood. Um. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> What about your home? Well right now we're just renting. But it is a home. Um. Uh-huh. It's a four bedroom home. It has about I guess eighteen hundred square feet. It's on one floor. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh we have no basement. I don't know. Nor do we. But. Okay. <SEP> I wasn't sure. Most of the ones you know up north and everything do. But um anyway it's uh it's pretty also pretty typical for the area. Most of this area was developed. This house was built in seventy-four. <SEP> Uh-huh. So most of the. It's almost twenty years old. And most of the houses around here were built pretty much the same style. Uh we have a friend that lives two blocks over. And his house is almost identical to us except his is three bedrooms and ours is four. Uh-huh. But otherwise the layout is pretty much the same. So I I think most of them are. There was. It. Like most areas that are built um. There were probably like two or three styles you could choose from. <SEP> Right. And and uh that's pretty much all the houses in the area for probably a square mile I'd say at least maybe even a little bit more than that. Well the housing here in Maryland is just atrocious. And in in the entire D C area. I'm I'm only about uh twelve miles or so from the uh border of Washington D C and Montgomery County. Maryland is probably one of the most expensive places to. Where are you in relation to Sevren? <SEP> Are you close to Sevren? No. We are west. Okay. <SEP> Sevren is east near the eastern shore. Well I just. If I had. I have a sister that used to live in Sevren. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they bought their home in I I want to say like around nineteen seventy-five or something like that. And they paid like. They they had it built from you know. They they designed it and everything. And to have it built they only paid forty thousand for it. And when they left the area they sold it for a hundred and twenty thousand. Oh that's not unusual yeah. Yeah. So I just wondered you know if the whole area was like that or. <SEP> Well that's that area over there is not as expensive as in the the immediate you know Washington area. Uh-huh. And so we uh I was just looking. For example there is a uh condominium complex next to the apartment complex where I live. And I was over there recently looking at the possibility of buying a two bedroom condominium. And ninety-two thousand dollars for a two bedroom which is essentially a two bedroom apartment. Um. <SEP> Now it was very nicely done. Yeah. I would have thought. Sounds like a lot of money though. <SEP> Yes. I I can't I can't envision spending that much money and on on something along those lines. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> So you know it's. Y- I guess you pay the piper. But Plus the the the taxes around here are phenomenally high. Right. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh for the. And so you on that. It's not unusual for example for somewhere around here on a on a on a. What we would you know what you described as your house and what I would describe as my house. Say for example in Pensacola Florida on that house with the homestead exemption and so forth and so on might pay three or four hundred dollars a year taxes. May- maybe you know maybe a little bit higher than that now. Wow. Yeah. <SEP> But that same house here you'd pay almost six thousand dollars a year taxes on it. Wow. <SEP> Wow that's. So it's uh so the question of whether to buy here or move to another county say drive twenty more miles north buy a condominium for approximately uh the same price maybe a little lower. <SEP> But the taxes would be you know perhaps maybe one-third uh of. Really? That much of a difference? <SEP> Oh absolutely. Yeah. Wow. So. <SEP> It's it's really sad. Yeah. This is one this is one of the most highly taxed areas in the country. Wow. Why is that? Do you know? I mean. <SEP> Well they it the their they do have an extremely good such things as extremely good school systems for example. It has one of the best school systems in the country. Uh-huh. Uh and because the cost of living around here is so high. Oh. <SEP> Public employees make great salaries around here. Oh. I was reading just recently where the typical administrator in the Montgomery County Public Schools makes. <SEP> A- an- and I'm not. This is uh the figure. He makes eighty thousand dollars a year. My goodness. That's. Wow. <SEP> And I. By administrator I I think I mean. I they didn't they did not define it. But for example a curriculum supervisor or principal or someone you know in that uh in that range.