Okay um. What baseball team are you familiar with? Well I'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because I lived up in Boston for a while. Really? <SEP> And um and that's. Oh now come on. No Texas Rangers? After that if you asked me that I wouldn't have been able to tell you if that was football or baseball. Really? I guess they paired two women together on this call for a reason which is something we can think about later. But um I understand a little bit about the Texas Rangers. I know George Bush threw out the first pitch hitter bounced off the ground. And that um. Yeah. I heard a joke on the radio yesterday that in regard that he didn't design the patriot missile system. <SEP> And uh the radio's kind of cruel. I mean think the he this chain that must have been on President Bush to bounce the first pitch off the ground. I mean goll- how humiliating for a man to do that any man. I don't care if you're President. Yeah. But at the same time I don't know it's pretty far to throw that far. I couldn't do it. I know. But he's a man. Come on. Men know how to do that right? <SEP> Right. He's supposed to be able to do that. I know so. I felt kind of sorry for him. That must have been hard on him because he's just a person. But um I never. A major owner of our t- of the team here. Oh really? I didn't know that. Yeah. He's like I thought he was the owner. But it turns out my Mom said that he's part owner. But he must own the biggest chunk. Because that's all you hear about is if you know about Neal Bush I think is his name. <SEP> Uh-huh. See I even know his name because he's on the news a lot. And I never had to watch the news not you know not like some people hour and a half a day or anything. Yeah. And I've been watching uh. My husband's French. And so if I've been watching the French news when I watch it. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's incentive. Speaking of Bush we're going to get a little off topic but speaking of Bush they that had a story where he went to visit some little uh elementary school students and stuff. Oh I saw that. Did you see that where he the guy asked him for proof of who he was. Yeah. <SEP> He said his. I want to see your driver's lic-. I I I don't. I know. And see a credit card. You're not President Bush. I know. And he said. Yeah. It does so fast. I heard it on the radio. I heard the audio portion on the radio in the car. But I didn't see it. But. <SEP> It was so funny to see. It was a really cute little kid too. That's about my extent of um about baseball. I don't know that much about it. Well I can tell you that the Mets opened I think two days ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because my brother was supposed to go to the opening game. And I couldn't tell you who pitched. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they won. The Mets won. Did they? But yeah. Not my a lot. And then somebody else lost. Maybe it was the other New York team which is the Yankees. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I don't even know if they're still New York Yankees or New Jersey. That's so stupid that you all have two teams. Yeah. That's really stupid. <SEP> Well but it. The- then they can have them play against each other. Yeah. I know. I think it's still the New York Yankees you know. Yeah. <SEP> I thought they were moving to New Jersey. This is how much I know about baseball. The Texas Rangers they they lost I think. Uh-huh. But I know that last year. We did go to a baseball game last year. We got free tickets because someone at our church one of the deacons at church um parks cars at The Mansion at Turtle Creek which is like one of the uh the places and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he's their head chauffeur. Is this funny as they're parking the cars the valet service. Right. Yeah. He makes good money too doing that. You'd be sh- I was shocked. But anyway someone gave an Iranian a tip of four Rangers tickets last year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then the Iranian couldn't. He didn't want them. So he gave them to Alan. And Alan and his Dad had plans that night. So they gave them to us. So he decided that some wealthy man tipped this Iranian with baseball tickets. With baseball tickets. And we ended up with them right. And so we were walking up. <SEP> Yeah. And I looked at my husband. And I said you know what Kyle this is The Mansion at Turtle Creek a tip. I bet these are really good seats. And so we ended up on first base right down there on the floor. Wow. Oh yeah. We they called us at five. And the game started at seven. So we just threw everything together ran over and got the tickets and walked. And so we took two kids with us. And nobody brings two children in these seats you know because. <SEP> Because they're fancy seats and stuff. Yeah. And you just sit down. And all the girls were all dressed up you know. I just was there you know. Like I'm loaded. I'm here you know. And uh it was just kind of funny. Because you know but we got to sit by first base. If they did hit a ball I would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in you know. I know I'm always scared of that whenever I go to a game. I rarely go. But we went last year. Because my brother my brother is impossible when um he does football leagues and baseball leagues and all kinds of stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if there's a game on he's watching it. I mean that's all there is to it. Really? <SEP> And he's like glued at the T V. I'm glad my husband's not like that. Oh I'm glad my husband's not like that either. I'd kill him. My brother's like that. And um see he goes to a lot of games. Not a real lot. But he tries to go. Then my father got us some tickets. Uh-huh. <SEP> So my brother's wife and my husband and I went. Last year we wanted to show my husband what a baseball game was because you know being a non-American you want to see what a baseball game is like. Uh-huh. And he describes it as you sit there in a crowd. It was nice weather and stuff. It wasn't a real problem. But you sit there in a crowd. And you're waiting and waiting and waiting. And you eat these lousy the hot dogs um. Because we made him try a hot dog you know. That's funny. <SEP> And um so you sit there. And you wait for the longest time really bored. And then all of a sudden something happens. But you happen to look the other way during the time. You miss the whole thing. Yeah. And so you're basically you sit there and wait for something exciting to happen. And when it happened he missed it and didn't understand it. That's funny. <SEP> And it Um he grew up out well he grew up in which is the sort of O strip east to west eastern part. Where is he from in France? Uh-huh. <SEP> But that. Yeah. I have a I had a friend in college from Strasbourg. Yeah. He's not that far. He was sort of in between Strasbourg and Paris. Uh-huh. <SEP> Paris. And my cousin lives in Paris. And she's lived there for like oh off and on for twenty years. Oh is she still there? Uh-huh. <SEP> Because. Saint Claude is that sound familiar? Yeah. Saint Claude. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We used to. That's one of the um entrances to the periphery to get in and out of the city. Oh really? And it it it it sits right at the limit. Uh-huh. <SEP> I exactly where she is. But um we met in Paris. That's neat. Yeah. She married. And they have twelve children. Twelve children? She has twelve children. <SEP> Oh my God the poor woman. She looks gorgeous. No. She's gorgeous. And she just liked having kids. And she's thin. And I mean four or more children are thin. Were any of them twins? I mean I'm not kidding you. <SEP> You probably can't afford to eat if you have more than two of them. No. Your. I have a friend now that has seven. And um and they're all eight and under and nine and under. Uh-huh. They're all real young. They're just raised right. That's what God's told them to do. But they're not condemning you. If you. We only have one child you know. They don't say they don't put on bad or anything which is good because it would be easy I'm sure for them to do that. You get a conviction like that. And you think everyone should have it. And so I'm real proud of them because they're aren't really they don't do that at all. <SEP> Uh-huh. You go in their bathroom. And there's ten tooth brushes in there. And I always give her a hard time whose toothbrush did you really use this morning. But how do they afford to even have the kids uh. We're expecting our first baby almost any day. Uh-huh. <SEP> And Uh-huh. They live lean for one thing. And they tithe. And they. It puts a whole in your money bag. We don't honor God with this portion. And so they. I think that helps a lot. I think that's the key in he like his sales last year. He just works a normal job. He probably has an income of thirty-five thousand. But last year he made. That got him a bonus of twenty-five thousand which allowed him to pay cash for a full size van. He loves God. I mean it was the biggest thing that any one in this company had ever done. <SEP> Wow. And he got to do it. And so God just really blesses him in ways like that. Do trust God because I don't know kids are a blessing. And and some people you know we think of blessings as nice furniture and things like that. But kids are just as much of a blessing inside these material things. But it's a different kind. And a lot times people think oh well I'm not blessed. I have an old car. But you've got five kids you know. Uh-huh. You're just as blessed probably more because if you follow this. There's a good book called WHAT THE BIBLE HAS TO SAY ABOUT CHILD TRAINING by Richard Fugate. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he's you know. A lot of wisdom in it. And the kids at BIBLE talk about anything. But training and training is different than anything else. In in psychology doesn't address it. A lot of the psychology stuff the good stuff that's in psychology it just comes out of the BIBLE. And they don't quote you the proverb out of it. But the things that work in psychology other the years that they've proven to work they just come out of the BIBLE. And so this book it just really all these things and how to train the child. So they're not going to be a curse to you when they're thirteen. Uh-huh. What I mean how to train them so they're going to be a blessing. And so you know they do that. And they they just live lean pretty much. They don't she doesn't shop at Foley's you know and stuff like that. But a lot women die or shop at Foley's. So things. <SEP> I I don't know what Foley's is. It's like a Macy's kind of store. Uh-huh. It's pretty nice. And everything's pretty expensive. And you know you just can't do that. And you don't go to baseball games as much. Or you get pictures like we did. You know what I mean? <SEP> Yeah. You do these fun things you know in other kinds of ways. And I know Manhattan's real expensive. But um it's kind of a different situation because you're probably living in an apartment right? Yeah. Well that makes a really big difference. But but still it's just as hard as having that. Yeah. <SEP> But your cousin could have a baseball team with twelve kids. Well church softball leagues. So. Uh-huh. They're not all boys. And right now we don't have a girls' league because I'm the one that's supposed to start one. And I just haven't gotten around to doing it. I keep saying we need to have one. They go okay then start one. But everybody wants to do it. But you know God's sitting on my heart. And I just hadn't gotten around to doing it. But anyway so they could really only have four members on the team. I think they only have four boys. I don't even think they have but two old enough to play yet. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um then you didn't believe me about her kids. Are the they are so good. I'm not kidding you. But she does work with them. And it's a commitment. And that that's what they're called to do. Uh-huh. I have a. Most of my friends. <SEP> I admire someone that can do that you know. I really can. I know. I do too. I most of my friends have three or four kids. And they feel like you know that's really why God. And some of the people in our church use birth control. And some of them don't. I had my tubes tied. So you.