Okay. So who is your favorite football team? Guess. I bet you can't guess. <SEP> Well I would say the Saints after since. You got it. And I want to tell you something. <SEP> What's that? They're going to go somewhere pretty shortly. Yeah? Yeah. I think they are because they're getting better every year. <SEP> Yeah. And uh they got a lot. Can't call them the New Orleans Ain'ts any more. <SEP> I don't think so. No. We went to the playoffs. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm a I'm a Buffalo Bills fan. From a from a long time ago. Yeah. <SEP> Now I like them too. So it's good to it's good to see the Bills doing so well now. And. They are. They are doing a whole bunch better. Who's their quarterback? <SEP> Yeah. What's that? Who's their quarterback? <SEP> Uh Jim Kelly. Yeah. Yeah. I like to watch them too. They're the. I like to watch almost all the football. But um of course I watch every Saints game that I can watch. Uh-huh. But I think they're going to I think they're really going to do good because it seems like they're finally all coming together. <SEP> Yeah. If they would just quit blowing it. Well the. It. The the N F L draft really seems to be doing its job. Because got teams like like Buffalo who weren't certainly weren't a powerhouse uh ten years ago. Now they've been able to get some good players and come around. And th-. New Orleans the same story. And uh a few years ago Denver was a powerhouse. And then they uh they weren't getting the draft picks. And now the uh other team. So it seems to be uh moving around and uh to to New Orleans' benefit. Yeah. <SEP> And uh you see how. Look at the Cowboys now. They're uh they're hurting. And uh. Uh-huh. Really bad. <SEP> Yeah. But they got so much bad publicity too. And I think that hurt a lot of you know people even wanting to play on their team. W-. <SEP> Yeah. W- w- well yeah. Uh firing Tom Landry and hiring Jimmy Johnson. What what kind of uh uh. Doesn't give you much respect for their team at all. Any t- any team that tha- where the owner would fire Tom Landry you know is like one of the greatest coaches of all time. Right. Right. And just because they had had a couple of bad seasons. And you can't even attribute those bad seasons to bad coaching. Yeah. Yeah. Because all the problems. I mean if you think about those years that we had the losing season of how bad. I mean his players were constantly getting kicked off the team because of drugs because of uh you know messing with young children. <SEP> Right. And I mean it was just one thing it seemed like right after the other with them. Right. And he alway-. <SEP> And uh had a lot of trouble with injuries too. Yeah. You know he'd uh never seem to be able to keep his guys healthy. And then even like uh what is it Eric Dickerson left the team you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Tha-. You're right. You know like people were jumping ship right and left. Right. And I don't know. That sounds to me more like the front office problem than coaching problem. But then the team was sold. Yeah. <SEP> So. But uh that Jimmy Johnson came in too though. And he just you know. When he bought the team and all and it just seemed like he just decided you know this is the way it's going to be. And it was bad. Yeah. I mean it really was. To me it was like it's going to take them quite a while to rebuild. Because e- everything I mean anything that Tom Landry wanted or had he was going to change it. <SEP> Right. I mean it's. Tha- I mean you know that's the way I felt about it. But I tell you what. Well Yeah. If New Orleans ever gets a quarterback isn't nobody going to beat us. <SEP> There ain't nobody going to beat us then. Because look how good we did without a quarterback this year. <SEP> I know. Who was the quarterback? Well They had quite a few quarterbacks if you think about it. Uh. See I can't even think of who the New Orleans quarterback is. <SEP> Fourcade was for a while. And then um I can't remember that guy's name the one that held out for the money. And he was across the river. Uh I can't think of the I can't think of his name now. But really we didn't have a quarterback. That was the whole problem. Yeah. We had one guy that couldn't throw. And we had one guy that couldn't run. <SEP> Huh. And it was it was just bedlam. We really didn't have a quarterback. It was uh defense w- w- won all the games. Did they were they able to draft anybody this year? I don't know. Because you know they gave away a lot of their drafts. For different people for you know other places. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So I don't know. I hadn't heard you know whether they have a new one or not. <SEP> Well when is the N F L draft. But uh. Hasn't has the N F L draft even gone yet? Uh-huh. Not yet. But I mean I don't know whether they have one of the first you know choices of somebody. <SEP> Right. Right. That would be real good. <SEP> Well they've. Yeah. They've. I mean ye-. Everybody gets in draft. Sure. But I don't know whether they'll be far enough up where they can do any good. <SEP> Right. But uh. Or even making the playoffs. So that doesn't doesn't help you in the draft. Right. But we really I mean really and truly we just don't have a quarterback. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's all there is to it. But the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because we had some. You remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback? That was a few years ago. Yeah. Well he was good. But we every time we'd get a real good player they'd treat him bad. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course we had a different coach then too. But they'd treat him bad. And then he'd leave. Or either they'd trade him off to somebody else for two of these nobodies. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And it was weird. It was like they were trying if you were good boy let's don't have you on our team you know. But um this year they had all good players except for the quarterback. <SEP> Yeah. The quarterback all of them every one that they played. I think they played uh. I can't remember whether we played three or four quarterbacks. But all of them were bad. Huh. I mean they were terrible. They could not pitch. You know they couldn't even take handoffs. It was terrible. <SEP> Right. But uh all the other places I mean our defense was unbelievable. Oh that's one it's one thing. <SEP> Yeah. Buffalo's lucky though to have uh Jim Kelly than. Did you get to watch any of their games? <SEP> Now he's the number one rated quarterback in the N F L. I think. Yeah. I'm pretty sure he was this past season. And uh then with uh uh the defense with Bruce Smi- Bruce Smith there at linebacker there they've got a very well rounded team. And it seems that they've gotten over their bickering and their fighting as they problems they had in the past. And now they're uh really playing as a good together as a team. Yeah. <SEP> So. Um. Do you watch it every Sunday? Uh when I can. I'm a I'm a musician. And uh the band I play in uh I. This is just something on the side. And uh the band I play in we tend to rehearse quite a bit on Sundays. So I missed a lot of Sundays during this. Um. <SEP> Did you ever get to watch any of the uh New Orleans games? Ac-. I I'd have to confess I don't really scope out the New Orleans games per se. I'm a Um. <SEP> New Orleans just isn't isn't one of the areas. I've lived in so many places. I've lived in uh Denver. But I don't like the Broncos. There's no love for the Broncos. But I've lived in uh uh. No. <SEP> I was born in Buffalo. And I lived in uh outside of Boston for five years. And then my family lives in Philadelphia now. And uh so I tend to look for uh uh. Teams in your area. And I lived in Detroit too. So I like uh. First of all first and foremost the Bills games I want to see. And then I'll uh normally check out the Eagles or the Patriots. And Patriots were so depressing this last year that yeah that uh I kind of gave up on them. I know it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh first and foremost the Bills. I even wen-. I went to got to go to a Bills game this year which was fun. It was the the Bills Eagles game which appropriately enough fortunately the Bills won. Oh. That's neat. <SEP> Yeah. And it was good weather. Yes. <SEP> We beat Buffalo in in uh was it third of December? And it was sunny and forty-five degrees. Oh my goodness. So we couldn't a done much better than that in Buffalo. No. Because usually it's snowing. <SEP> Yeah. Ice and rain and everything. Sure. But I tell you what. If you get to watch some of these. Now I don't know how it will be this year you know. But I mean these games go right down to the wire. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was like I was sitting on the edge of my chair you know going oh no no. And one uh. I can't remember. It was about uh. It was right close to when we was going to find out if we was going to get to be in the playoffs or not. Uh-huh. So we're watching the game. All right. The other team got the ball. And we had like no we got the ball back. That's the way it was. And they had to kick. And uh to know whether we were going to win the game or lose a game because they got one point ahead of us. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we had to sit there you know. And they cut the show off and shorin- started showing us another football game. We did not get to see the end of the game. You talk about people calling in. Oh my gosh. It was wild. I mean here everybody is sitting on the edge of their chair you know. <SEP> Sure. And then they changed the game. And they changed it and gave us another game in the middle of another you know one that was going on. <SEP> Right. Cut us off right there the last few seconds. The station finally you know how they'll put the little message down at the bottom. Started telling everybody that they were not the ones that had cut that off that it was the national you know. Right. <SEP> Right. It was the network. Uh-huh. An- because it was funny. I mean everybody was furious. I was so mad I got up and went and called you know. I couldn't believe that. But almost every game that I watched it would come right down to the end. We would be ahead you know. But then at the ver- in the fourth quarter they'd let them get up there either with them or you know right ahead of them. <SEP> Right. And it'd come right down to the end. And either we made it or we didn't. Oh and it was it was something else. I said this is the most. If we had a quarterback this year we would have went to the Super Bowl. Yeah. There's no question about it because everybody was playing good together except the quarterbacks. And the quarterbacks just didn't do anything. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's the that's the guy that counts. Yes. But maybe we maybe we'll get your guy. Oh I I don't think Jim Kelly is about to be swayed away from the Bills any time. <SEP>