Okay. We're energized. Okay. Um painting. Interesting. Uh the guy called me. When she called me the computer called me I thought that they were reading my mind. I'm in the middle of um going out for bids to have my house painted. <SEP> Oh. Uh painting is not hard to do uh as long as it's not in not to the point of where it's uh needs to be scraped and bl- peeling. No. <SEP> Right. And our house is not. But it's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint's real cheap. And it's just a hassle to go through it. So I'm looking for the easy way out. Yeah. Uh I know. Di-. Is easy to find pa- uh painters to do this for you? It's easier to find painters. But you have to be you have to be aware of what uh how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good a good two coats and are they going to caulk. <SEP> Ri-. Are you talking outside or inside? Exterior. <SEP> Exterior. Yeah. Yeah. Uh interior's not so bad because it's more fun. It's more c-. But yeah. Yeah. Outside you have high peeks and those kind of things. <SEP> Yeah. It can be a real issue. Well when we've painted um. Right now our house doesn't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there. It's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles on the back and there's some sort of stone or something in the front. Uh-huh. <SEP> So there isn't as much wood that has to be painted. Um but i- it. The problem is that it hits the sun hits it. So preparing is a real problem. Uh-huh. You've got to prepare it well. Or else it will flake. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. Here they. Some of the home builders are. They don't put brick on the side of your house just to save money. So they put up uh a quarter inch Masonite basically. And they painted it kind of like a spun of a sorts. So it's real cheap. And uh uh I've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and I as low as five hundred and forty dollars. So it's just a matter of. Wow. That's quite a range. It's. <SEP> Oh there one guy brags about his piece of equipment he's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap. And I'm so much worried about that as what I don't want it all over the brick and windows. Yeah. And. <SEP> Yeah. Which might be a bigger problem than it would be uh. Oh sure. Yeah. Absolutely. So y'all you haven't had any any jobs painted in your house or recently. <SEP> No. We've have uh done a little painting ourselves um. We painted the bedroom uh well within the last t- couple of months. That's fun. And we have we have some more that need to be done. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the the problem that we've we've owned this house almost five years now. And um when we bought it the um it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired. But the daughter was a real estate agent. And she was selling it. And it's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house. So she told us that the house had been uh professionally painted recently. And it looked pretty good you know the uh the interior walls all basically white. But they obviously had been done without to much uh wear afterward. The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the wood- uh the door frames. Uh-huh. When we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it. Uh that's not very. <SEP> Big long strips. So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly. And some of still has to be redone. Oh they just painted over varnished wood. Yeah. Oh my. <SEP> Well no. Actually it had been uh it would have been it had been a repaint job. Um. But they had not. Either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top. Or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they. Because it was woodwork. So it looked as if it had been painted correctly with you know uh an enamel or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um it had not. Either that or it had not been prepared underneath. And it was greasy or something. Sure. It comes off in strips I mean not even little bit. So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time. Oh no. <SEP> We know what a job it's going to be. Because you almost have to strip the whole thing in order to do it again. Um. I wish you good luck. <SEP> Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.