I guess we're on. Well hang on. Let me try it again because usually um. Do you usually get a message? <SEP> Yeah. Um. Um. Hang on let me check on it. I don't know. <SEP> Well let me try it once more. Well I think we're on maybe. Okay. I guess we'll find out. Yeah. <SEP> So in Maryland are you uh are you a Skins fan? Um well not not really from you know. I really wasn't from here. So uh the teams I really root for in football are the Niners and the Seahawks um you know mostly because only the Niners because I used to live out in California you know like I like Seattle because I like Seattle. Yeah. And besides I like the city. <SEP> Oh okay. So you were out there in San Francisco? Uh yeah. San Jose actually but but close. Oh yeah? <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It's um um other than the uh the big catch uh with the Forty-niners and the Cowboys ba- back a few year ago I like San Francisco. Oh okay. <SEP> But uh I I don't know. I I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas. Oh is that where you are now? Yeah. Oh okay. <SEP> I'm in Dallas. And uh uh I guess when you're down here in Dallas you finally get indoctrinated into the Cowboys um because uh you know this is a big football territory down here. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> And uh uh unfortunately of course the Cowboys have been doing so bad in the past few years. Uh-huh. That uh uh. I don't know. Everybody's kind of. They're still behind them. But uh it's not like it used to be. Yeah. Well you know you you back the winners. And you don't back them when they're not doing well. <SEP> That's right. But I think uh actually uh in in trying to follow uh you know the Cowboys over the years I think uh uh they used to have a um a philosophy for well I don't know probably the last twenty-five years except for about the last about five or six years uh they always went out and tried to draft the the best um athletes. And didn't really put them draft for any particular spot. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they would go out and try to go for uh the best people and then mold them into different areas or find their natural niche. Uh-huh. And then about five years ago four or five years ago uh they started going after uh uh specific players or positions you know. Like the press would get down on Landry. And this is when Schramm was still there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um they'd go after them saying uh jeez what you really need is a defensive end. So they'd go out and try to find a defensive end. And when they when they drafted somebody and he didn't work out at that spot it really wasn't a good enough athlete to move to any place else. Uh-huh. And uh so I think it was kind ever interesting. I think the decline of the uh of the Cowboys as a powerhouse really kind of started with uh not drafting people the best athletes. Yeah. It makes sense because you know you you've got the flexibility if they're good athlete they can you know do a bunch of different things. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um. But. And I don't you know. My my my my main sport is baseball. But you know um I've been enjoying football. But I don't know it as well. <SEP> Yeah. Um I just you know um. Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they? Is it is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade. Or what was the whole deal on that? Uh they still have some some uh some draft picks uh that they got. They don't have anything high do they? <SEP> No. Actually they picked up some from Minnesota. I think it was uh Minnesota's. Oh that's right. That's right. They. It went the other way. <SEP> Yeah. What was I thinking. They gave up they they traded Wa- Herschel to Minnesota. They traded Walker. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My brain is really working well tonight. <SEP> That's okay. They um um. I've got a friend that uh lives right next to the Cowboys' training camp. Uh-huh. And uh uh he gets he sees them out running a lot. And every once in a while gets a chance to talk to some of the guys. And they're all uh they're all thinking that uh man they they they really got something going this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I I guess uh when you have a whole bunch of uh professional athletes that get together at the beginning of the year everybody's got great hopes. You know I guess it's the same way with baseball or or anybody you know. Uh-huh. Spring training until you actually start going out and getting uh getting out against the competition everything probably looks pretty good. Oh yeah. I mean you know if you go to. I I you know I'm sure if you go to any of the twenty-eight coaches in football in training camp they say oh we're going to be Super Bowl Champs. Because I know I know in baseball you know any manager you go to say well we're going to be in the World Series even though you know there's not a prayer. <SEP> Yeah. Really. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Really. This is the way it is. Well Kim I mean didn't the Cowboys even finish. They finished pretty close to five hundred last year didn't they? <SEP> Yeah. They did. As a matter of fact uh. Because they only won one game the year before right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I enjoyed that because it was against the Skins. <SEP> Well you don't uh you don't like the Skins? Um no. I I I live near Baltimore. And um um I I really don't like D C a whole lot at all. Oh okay. And um I mean I'm really. They're they they got a big thing because of the you know the the expansion going on in baseball. D C is like talking about how how they're going to get a baseball team and everything. It's like you guys aren't going to get a baseball team I'm sorry it's not going to happen. <SEP> Jeez. But of course you know the the the one the griping is that if you know if if Washington doesn't get a uh a baseball team then Baltimore shouldn't get a football team. Which is probably true. But anyway um I just I've never liked D C a whole lot. And a really hate the Redskins. And a lot of it's because you know I got a lot of people you know at work with and everything that are big Redskin fans. Well of course. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah um. Of course then you're not that far from Philadelphia. Yeah. I've I've never liked Ph- Philadelphia the city a whole lot. The only reason I really enjoy the Eagles at all is because uh I really like Randall Cunningham. Oh okay. I. It was Buddy Ryan the one that I can't uh uh stand too much. Ye-. Well considering how how well he gets along with uh Jimmy Johnson that doesn't surprise me. <SEP> Yeah. Really. Oh. Yeah. There was um uh there was this uh ther- ther- in. The Baltimore Sun has this uh cartoonist in the sports section. And uh when uh. Las- last. I guess it was January when um Jimmy Johnson got named coach of the year or whatever. Uh-huh. It was the same year that Buddy Ryan got fired. And uh he had this cartoon in there about Jimmy Johnson's big day you know. The first thing is the phone call from the you know from the league saying he was uh um you know uh was coach of the year. And the second was this phone call from Buddy Ryan I got fired can you believe that. <SEP> Uh oh jeez. Yeah uh. Actually uh you said you lived near uh Baltimore? Yeah. You're out uh. I used to travel out that way a lot. And uh actually I used to drive a lot between Baltimore and Washington. And. No. I lived. Do you know what Ellicott City is? <SEP> Um no. Uh it's just west of Baltimore off off Route Seventy. Yeah. Oh okay. But basical- well Route Seventy and and uh Route Forty. <SEP> Yeah. Um Oh okay. I used to go out of B W I a lot. Yeah. That's not far from where the uh the new football stadium would be if we got an N F L team. <SEP> Oh yeah? Yeah. Well they've they've built a new stadium downtown um. It's opening next year. So. Is that near near the what do they. I forgot the name of it. Is it the the Wharf or the the uh Inner Harbor. The Inner Harbor. <SEP> Yeah. It's um a couple of blocks west. There's a big um there is an old railroad yard basically um. Yeah. There's a big long railroad shed. And then there's uh an old station. And they're building the stadium on the other side of the shed from the Inner Harbor which is really stupid because one of the big selling points of the new stadium is supposed to be this view of the Inner Harbor. And the only way you're going to have a view of is this big brick wall um. <SEP> Great. But you know they're building the baseball stadium. And they've got land set aside for a football stadium if they ever get a N F L team. Um. Yeah. So it's um real easy access from from south of Baltimore like um like the airport or more importantly for the Orioles from Washington D C. <SEP> The Orioles say they get twenty-five percent of their population I mean uh their attendance from D C. I tell you what I. The. Ther- there's. The Colts still you know still to me are the Baltimore Colts. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know? Yeah. They really ought to change the name I think in Indianapolis. I uh never been real thrilled with well not you know. Sitting here and talking about all the cities that I hate. I uh I went to Purdue University for a couple of years and uh really learned to hate Indianapolis while I was out there. Oh okay. <SEP> And um I was not real happy when uh when they uh left to go go there of all places. Jeez. Yeah. So uh uh you know did you graduate from Purdue? No. I I uh I transferred to Delaware and graduated there. <SEP> Delaware? Yeah. Oh there's not a whole lot in Delaware. Yeah. But it's close to Philadelphia and Baltimore. <SEP> Yeah. So it's. That's true. I take it you're an east coast type guy? Plus the west coast right? Uh kind of all over the place but eas- east coast lately. <SEP>