Well on this subject of invasion of privacy yes it's very easy for anybody to find out about you. Your. Well I don't really like that very much. Yeah uh. The special on channel thirteen that was broadcast I think last week or so ago it detailed how this one person went about finding out this particular pers- from this particular person his home mortgage how much he pays for it what his payments are uh his uh Social Security number driver's license any kind of records he may have. Uh their credit card and the status of their credit. <SEP> What was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff? It was just as a demonstration to show those who were watching it how easily obtainable information is on any single person. Oh. And it was. Mostly it dealt with uh marketing companies these uh direct marketing associations. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. That was the primary subject. That's how they obtain information about segments of society and group them into age brackets uh their habits their hobbies their income. <SEP> Um. And they're able to do that through all the manipulations of the computer. Well that that's not really good. I don't know. I guess that's an invasion of privacy. I'm not sure that that's an everyday thing though at least not for you know an individual. Uh-huh. <SEP> Something that I feel is a is a pretty much an invasion of privacy is something that's really so common that it's accepted as the norm now is the op- the open office concept. The open office? Uh-huh. Where they have the you know the little partition dividers throughout a a large room. Yeah. <SEP> And and people have little cubicles. Well that's all fine and good. But you don't really have any privacy at all. Not insofar as maybe making conversation with somebody I suppose because it you can easily be overhear- overheard. Right. And they get. I suppose any items that you have laying out can be easily seen. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's there is. And and it's not it's not just that. It's uh the whole thing about you know if if you're trying to concentrate well it's rather hard. Sometimes it's almost impossible to do because um you know your uh your time your space is is not your own space. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I work in a situation like that. And I I really kind of have a problem with that. Do you work with uh mixed company male and female. Or. <SEP> Oh yeah. Is there anybody who doesn't? Well there are a few out there. Um. It's I suppose it depends on who you're working for and where at. <SEP> Yeah. But um my own environment is open totally. There are no cubicles. There's nothing to block anything. Um. So yeah. But um I guess we're changing ever so rapidly in the devices of communications that anything can be obtained from anybody's record. <SEP> Yeah. Or the computers the the big advent of that I believe because it they can all hold such large data bases on anybody that all you have to do is touch a button. And it appears in front of them. Uh-huh. And you don't have to. I I know the government sells information to private companies about individuals or families. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's no secret. And it shouldn't be that way I don't think. Yeah. I don't I don't think that's that's quite right either. I mean it's not really government for the people and by the people. I'll tell you that. <SEP> Yeah. So. Hum what do you think could be done about it? Uh the only way it can change is um if if everybody bands together. It's just like we need to get rid of these clowns that's serving in the office. <SEP> The only thing really that can be changed is for us to everybody to say we've had enough of you out you go. But uh I don't see anything like that to occur unless everybody bands together to do that. Uh-huh. It has to be one common ideal goal for that to be done. Um I don't know. It's it's still a a free I suppose country insofar as we're we're able to obtain information. And I wouldn't be for total banning of uh all information. Or it's mostly the private information that we're all concerned about. But it's it's hard to define uh a lot of those boundaries. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. It's. Something that something that I've just had a a dealing with is like a credit bureau. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well they take they take my name which is a very common name. And my last name is even more common. Uh-huh. And they they check that name against uh their list. And they find several. And without even bothering to try to match up any other information at all they just report everything under that name. So you've received a lot of uh flack? <SEP> They don't they don't even check my Social Security number. Um. And companies are paying them good money to report accurately. And they're not. They're so lazy. They're just not doing it. I mean they just find your name. And they match it up. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and that just drives me crazy because they're. And then they want. Then you know to get it removed they say well you know you have to write this write this long detailed letter and everything like that to them you know. And then it takes three weeks and all. And I'm like baloney. Uh-huh. You messed it up. You fix it. Is that usually what you tell them in the letter? <SEP> No. What I've taken to doing lately is calling the company that they report. Uh-huh. Like uh uh recently I was reported as having J C Penney accounts. And I don't. So I called J C Penney. And I said uh I just wanted to let you know that the credit agency you're using is incorrectly reporting the information that you're providing to them. And they say uh-huh because they really don't want to pay for a service that's not being done properly either. Uh-huh. <SEP> So then they can call the credit bureau and say hey you know we're paying you good money to report this properly. And you're not doing your job. Good idea. So that's what I've taken to doing lately. And it seems to work pretty well so far. Uh-huh. Well that's good. Uh any other problems? <SEP> Not that I can think of. Yeah. I I guess I've just about run out of. Yeah. I I can probably go on. But it's it's uh. I'm clouding up right now. <SEP> Oh yeah. I probably better let you get back to work. Well it's nice talking to you. Okay. Maybe again. <SEP> All rightie. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.