Hi Wanet. How are you? I'm doing fine. Where you from? I'm from New England. Massachusetts. <SEP> Okay. I'm from Berkeley California. Wow !. This is quite a quite a long distance. Yeah. It certainly is. Do you have any pets? <SEP> No. Use too. Use to. But none none right now. How come uh you don't have any now? You get tired of them? Well I I live in an apartment building. And and uh and and it it it's ju- just not feasible you know. Yeah. <SEP> I'd love to have a dog you know. I've got a little doggy uh that I've had quite uh quite a long time. In fact she just turned sixteen years old New Year's Eve. Ah. And uh. <SEP> Is she? I beg your pardon? What is she? She's uh uh uh a poodle. Uh a toy poodle a toy poodle. And she's. <SEP> Ah. Ah. My I got my mom a teacup little mutt not too long ago. This is a little bigger than a teacup. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's funny how uh how I I uh a- acquired this animal. Uh when I was uh married my uh ex-wife had said that she had a friend who had a little puppy. That she needed. Uh the woman needed someone to baby-sit. And uh this is what she had told the kids. And she even told me that. And after the two week period was up uh she then informed me that the woman no longer wanted the little puppy and wanted to know if we wanted to keep it. Well after you had an animal for a couple of weeks it's uh you become you become attached to it. Oh for sure. <SEP> Oh yeah. So I've had this dog now for for sixteen years. And she's been a lot of company. Uh she's uh however getting a little old. And things are starting to fail. Uh I I live alone now. And she stays in the house all day while I go to work. And uh she's been holding herself pretty well. The uh up until you know recently where she's been having accidents in the house because she either is losing control or she forgets where she is. And uh I find a little present on the floor sometimes when I come home. But she's she's usually pretty good. Yes. Well. My my mother has one that's uh. It's uh it's uh teacup. And uh it's made such a difference for her. But you know just I e- e- you know. The way my mom's presence countenance is just just for having a puppy. But you know having this dog. She's had it for I guess three years now. Oh possibly four. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh it was it it's it's really made such a difference for her. I really would like to uh. I'm a disabled person. Uh-huh. So I'm unable to to really take care of a pet. And if that weren't so I would certainly have one. I just I just. It frustrates me sometimes not being able to have a dog. Yeah. Huh. Well you might want to get yourself uh an animal that doesn't require much attention. Like a cat. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well yeah. Uh I I I typically am not a cat person. I have a friend that uh has on occasion uh brought her cat over for me to keep for you know from time to time. And this cat is like no other cat I have ever seen. And uh it would sleep on my chest you know. <SEP> Yeah. It's just it's just a great cat. But. Well my my personal preference is is a dog. Uh I don't know that uh that I would ever want a cat. Oh I like cats. I just wouldn't want to own one. Uh they're not uh they're they're affectionate. <SEP> Well you don't own cats. But they. Yeah. I don't know. I can't seem to communicate with a cat like I can with my dog. Yeah. You they they own you or or you know grant you with you their presence you know. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Right. That. Yes. We're supposed to appreciate them. Well my my dog when I came home uh when I come home in the evenings my dog greets me at the door. I don't know that a cat would do that uh. <SEP> Yeah. I used to have a cat that could read me better than any human being in my life. Yeah. <SEP> I could just walk in the door. And she knew whether to to to quietly come up to me or to just run and knock me over. I mean she really could pick up on my mood uh the way I walked in the door. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It was uh uncanny. Huh. I I think uh in a way we're able to read each other pretty well because uh she knows when I'm upset and I know when she's not feeling good too. So. I know like when she has an accident I know she's not doing it on purpose. Yeah. When when she was younger she used to do that to get even with me. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and and you know some people might not believe that. But but but uh I do. <SEP> Sure. Oh absolutely. Like if I if I put her in a room all by herself and close the door and leave her there for a few hours uh because I was going out. She would uh break something or rip up the carpet or do something just to uh to to let me know that she was unhappy with what I did. Really? Yeah. <SEP> That's the way. Well I had that cat that I mentioned Alfie. One morning you know the first thing you do is you get up and you you you feed this cat some- something and and you make sure that it can get to its litter box. Well for some reason during the night the door was not quite wide enough for it to get through. Uh-huh. And uh the next morning uh when my roommate got up and and uh did not feed it right away it decided that that it was going to protest. <SEP> And so it jumped up on my bed and anointed my blanket for me. Looking looking at me eye to eye all the time while it was doing it. <SEP> All right. Have I got your attention now? Oh yes. Animals have a way of talking. Alfie did. I tell you if I could have gotten a hold of that cat that day. I I don't know that I'd uh that I'd trade my dog in for the world. Uh it was about two years ago she got sick on me. And I took her to the uh to the vet's because she wasn't eating and and uh she wasn't able to jump. She you know lost all her activity. And uh she stayed there for one day. And the doctor called me up and said uh she had a low white cell count and that uh she wasn't she was dying and uh suggested that I take her to a working hos- dog hospital animal hospital. So I took his suggestion. And I uh took the the dog to a hospital. The dog hospital there. And they said they'd keep her there for three days. Well she ended staying there five days at a hundred and something dollars a day because she was in intensive care. It cost me over five hundred dollars. <SEP> Ouch. Plus the the uh the vet sent me a bill for what he did. And uh then she recouped. She was okay for a couple of years. And then she got sick on me again. And I brought her to a different vet this time. And I told the vet what medication I had given her and everything. And uh he gave me the medication the same medication that I gave her the last time. And she was okay. And she's been okay every since. It's been about two years now. Huh. Well that's great. It really is. I I'm glad that she was able to pull out of it that way and so cheaply the second time. Yeah. Well the see the problem is if if the if someone would have came up to me and said it's going to cost you five hundred dollars to keep your dog alive. What do you want to do? I probably would have had second thoughts. <SEP> Yeah. Of course you would. But what they well what they do is is they say well it's going to cost you know twenty dollars for tests and forty dollars for this. And and you know and it creeps up on you. You don't know that uh you know. You really y- you don't know what it's going to until it's all over. Uh to give you an example. My mom had an elderly cat who uh whoever evidently got a hold of it. And uh the cat got sick. So she took the cat to the vet. And she had the cat there for two days. And then the cat died. So the doctor had called her up and said uh your cat died. And you owe me this bill. And oh by the way do you want me to to bury the cat. <SEP> So it cost her three hundred dollars uh. And she didn't get the cat back. So yeah. They had to pay for all the medical uh bills that the cat ran up plus the burial expenses. And uh you know she just brought the cat in because he wasn't feeling good. So that that was kind of a surprise. <SEP> Really. Geez. At lea-. Yeah. You kind of wonder what really happened. Yeah. Well even the you know. They they claimed they did the best that they could have have. And then the cat uh died. So. <SEP> My goodness. I'm I'm looking for another cat for them. Uh. I I've I've got a little kitten uh that's still uh just being born right now. So another five or six weeks I'll be bringing the little kitten over to uh to my folks. <SEP> Well that that that that will make their day. Yeah. I I think it will. Because they're both in their in their seventies. And uh the cat uh although it's a little bit of work for them sometimes it turns it turns out to be uh uh a pleasant experience for them. Uh I think they enjoy that. Only work initially. Yeah. <SEP> For cats anyway you know. Yeah. Well listen. It's been a pleasure talking to you. Well the same here. <SEP> And you take care. Okay. Bye now. <SEP> Maybe we'll talk again sometimes. Okay. What is that sound? That's my buzzer at the door. Oh okay. I'll let you go. <SEP> Okay. Right. Thank you.