Okay. Okay. Well uh do you believe only fifty percent of the people actually vote? I think it's somewhere really close to that cause I think a lot of people believe that their one little vote is not going to make that much difference. And they really don't listen to any of the issues anymore. <SEP> Huh. Because they feel like so many of the politicians are like crooked you know? Uh-huh. And so they figure why go out and vote you know. They're going to do what they want to do. They're corrupt anyway. And I think one of the good ways of solving that is to like everybody likes to come to a party so have a voting party and uh you know like in communities and have the issues there and then everybody go vote together and then maybe come back over and have brunch or something. <SEP> Well. I mean that's the only thing that I can figure out because I've heard so many people say well I'm not going on voting on that one you know I I'm going to go fishing today. Or it won't make any difference if if I don't vote. And I think it does. We vote every time. <SEP> Well it uh there's no question it does make a difference. Uh so far as having a party and then all voting uh when you have different precincts you would have to have a party in every precinct. Right. <SEP> Because people have to vote in different areas. And uh not everyone votes at the same place. Uh I personally think that we need to do more along the education lines in the schools and the children from the little ones on up with the idea of the the value of voting and the purpose of voting and that one vote does make a difference. But. Right. And ma- maybe let them have some mock I mean uh you know elections and stuff and vote for different people in their classes and start really young. <SEP> Absolutely. Absolutely. That's a real good idea. <SEP> And and they are are doing that in a number of schools. However probably not enough of them uh country wide. But it's going to take at least a whole generation of people uh to get across the idea of voting. Uh just like it's taking a whole generation of people to finally uh realize the harmfulness of drugs and uh hopefully to uh now with the many programs throughout the country on how to resist taking drugs. Right. <SEP> How to say no to it and what have you. That. Uh perhaps we'll finally get the youth weaned off of it. But uh I know I I spent thirty-four years in education here in the Dayton area. <SEP> And in nineteen fifty-one the police were telling us about the drug dealers outside the school and how they were just giving away their marijuana giving away their heroin and what have you to get them started. Um. And you know that was in fifty-one. That's forty years ago that it was already a problem. God. <SEP> So it's now uh to the forefront. And people are finally taking some action against it. And the thing we've we've neglected the value of voting. And uh and what it really means to vote. Right. And we also don't make the uh the issues perhaps in language that people fully understand them. Yeah. Well I don't know how it is up there. But down here Louisiana has a bad reputation for their politicians and all. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I'm sure you heard about some of ours. Sure. <SEP> Right. And uh people are just. I mean it's like they're turned off on voting. And that's the reason I said maybe if you had something like a block party. Uh-huh. Okay. We're going to have a block party. Everybody's going to get together. We're going to discuss the different issues and stuff. And then we're going to go and vote you know. We're going to go vote. Like maybe they could give something like uh the top neighborhood if you had a hundred percent in your neighborhood or something like that you know. I mean it doesn't have to be it could be like a a sign that they would put down at the end of your block. You know or anything like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it it's really bad here. I mean to me it is. It seems like people just don't care anymore. They say huh well it don't make any difference you know. One crook is as good as the other one. Yeah. And they don't bother to listen to what any of them have to say. <SEP> Right. And uh I know my husband now we go vote every time. I don't care how small the ballot is I mean if there's one thing if there's one issue. Uh-huh. Right. Because the way I feel is if I don't vote then I don't have any reason to gripe. <SEP> To complain about it right? Right. <SEP> Right. And I hear so many people saying well I wish this would change I wish that. And you know but they didn't go vote. That's right. And uh maybe if they like you said if they would start when little kids and start letting them vote and learn how to vote and all. Then uh and the importance of it because okay if you don't vote for your friend over here well your friend's not going to have a chance. <SEP> That's right. Tha-. He needs your vote just like he needs everybody else's you know. Maybe if they were brought up that a way like you said it would. Because I know here uh until you get into high school now then they had the voting machines. And you voted for like cheerleaders and different things like that. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. But they should start that a lot earlier. Yeah. I. It's the same way with everything in education though. It should begin and right down in the first grade. Uh and your very best teachers in my estimation should be first second or third grade. So that the children develop good learning patterns. And you have some success and want to go on learning and continue learning uh and not wait until they're in high school. Right. <SEP> And then it's too late to try to change them around at that point. Yeah. But uh everything should be started on the lower levels. And uh certainly if the youngsters had that opportunity that you know they they understood that the principles of the country were established so that everyone would have a say and everyone would have a vote and what that vote meant. And uh but it but you're right from the standpoint that people do have a negative attitude towards politicians. Right. <SEP> And perhaps it's because our campaigns have become so terribly expensive to run uh that only the most wealthy can do so. Right. <SEP> And they're not always the best person for the job. Right. But they have the money to be able to do it. So uh so that there are a lot of problems along that line also. Definitely. <SEP> And perhaps the Government. You know a good i- idea for the young kids like that too is to have like a a mock one. And okay this this candidate tells you some things that are going to happen. Sure. And this candidate tells you some things. <SEP> Right. Okay then this percentage of the voters I mean the kids in that class they are not going to let them vote this time. But they have to do whatever these people whichever one the other people elect do. Uh-huh. If they did something like that and started kids out real young and showed them okay now you're not going to get to vote. But you're going to have to do what that person says. <SEP> Yes. They would understand probably by the time they were in high school. Right. They'd be ready to vote. <SEP> That's right. And I think you know that's an excellent idea. They would put them to realize that that they're going to have to do what someone else says even though they didn't vote for it. And that maybe they need to think twice about voting. Yeah. Now some people object during primaries having to declare a party whether Republican or Democrat. Right. <SEP> And you do that in the primary. Uh-huh. Uh and I don't know that uh a lot of people vote in primaries for that very reason. Uh they can declare anything they want. And they can actually rig it. If they really wanted to vote Republican they could go in the primary and say they were voting Democrat and then stack the ballot for someone that perhaps the Republican could beat. But uh it's uh it's just a sad situation. And uh I do think more needs to be done along that line to help to uh teach the people uh uh everyone uh more about what is going on with voting and with nonvoting. So that uh we can make they're making some more intelligent decisions. Yeah. <SEP> And it's going to take these young. I think that sounds great. You know it's going to take the uh a whole generation of my feeling uh before that's going to be accomplished. Well you know they'd have to start when they're real young. <SEP> That's right. I mean you know it would have to be a child that is just coming into school. Because well I'll tell you another thing too now. Whenever the first time I voted I never voted in high school because there was never anyone that showed us how to use the voting machines. Uh-huh. Now this sounds dumb. But I did not know how to use those voting machines. And nobody ever showed us or anything. So I didn't vote because anybody that went in there and they asked a question all the other kids laughed at them. <SEP> Yeah. They thought that was funny. Ah she don't even know how wah wah. Right. Uh-huh. So there wasn't any way I was going to go in there and vote. And it took me I mean it took such courage you wouldn't believe to go vote the first time because I was waiting for somebody to laugh at me because I didn't know how to work the machines. <SEP> Sure. Right. <SEP> Well. Sure it is. Now that's bad. And I mean I was out of school. I was a married person. Uh-huh. And uh I didn't know how to work the machine you know. And it really scared me really bad. Because I thought all these people are going to laugh at me because I don't know how to work this machine. Where if they'd if they'd had a class or something or just to a short time you know to said okay this is the way. <SEP> Well just the just the opportunity to try the voting machines. Yeah. Right. It's this is the way it's going to be. And my son was exactly the same way that I was. And I didn't realize it until uh his senior year. I s- asked him something about well did you who did you vote for for uh cheerleader? And he said oh I didn't go vote. He said uh there's no way I'm getting in that machine. Well then I realized it. So when we went and voted the next time I asked the uh lady I said I want my son to come in with me. And she said well uh why you know. He'll have to come back out. I said because I want him to know how to use one of these. Right. And I said I won't turn any of the buttons down. But I want to show him how to use it so that he'll be able to vote. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. And uh so he went in. And now he's a registered voter. Good. But he would not vote before then. <SEP> Yeah. And I mean I think that's bad. Sure it is. Absolutely. You know here I was. And and even of course there's a lot of years between the two of us. But even with that many years between.