Well Stephanie what's your position on gun control? Well on a scale of one to ten uh being ten no kind of legislation and zero being uh total ban I probably would lean more towards six or seven. Um I feel like a total ban on guns is just going to put the guns in the hands the criminals. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I lived in Massachusetts for two years. And they have a total ban on guns. And I saw that it didn't stop crime in that state. Now was that just on handguns or was that on rifles? Any any kind of firearms. Really? <SEP> Yeah. Uh it's. There's was a mandatory jail sentence if you were caught um with a firearm. And also I think there was a fine. And that didn't help at all? No. I don't. The the crime is not any better or any worse. I mean it's. Huh. <SEP> I I shouldn't say I don't know if it was any worse. But it certainly didn't get any better. Uh-huh. I usually just. I'm trying to think of. I guess I would tend myself to be more towards the the like three where I don't think you should necessarily ban guns any by any means. Uh-huh. But you should definitely have the character search and the seven day holding period and things along that nature uh. You know you shouldn't be able to go out there and just buy one and you know right off the shelf. <SEP> Yeah. I I I agree with that. And but. I I think that the the law is on who can buy a gun are are way too lax. Uh-huh. Exactly. <SEP> I think that I think that the. And so I think that kind of control is would be good. Yeah. But the uh. I you know I'm trying to think of how many times you make the statement and just to kind of exam it a little bit. And I I know that any statement in absoluteness is not necessarily true uh. Only the guns were in the hands of the criminals. But how many times. I guess I have never heard of a a robbery being foiled or spoiled because the person who's being robbed had a gun. <SEP> Um I. And maybe they just don't report those. Or I'm not sure. Or you know I can't think of ever hearing on the news or whatnot or hearing or knowing anybody who was being robbed. But good thing they had their gun on them. And they they thwarted the robbery attempt. Yeah. I I'm I'm not really sure. I don't personally I don't own a gun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um and I don't think I probably ever would um although I would like to know how to handle one. And I think it's good that everyb- and I think everybody should learn how to handle one. Uh-huh. Um you just never know when you might come into contact with one. True. <SEP> Um. Did did you were you brought up in a family that hunted. Or. No. Uh nobody in my family hunted. Uh my father had had guns when I was in high school because he got them from a friend who lived in Massachusetts. We lived in New Hampshire at the time. How about that. <SEP> And he lived in Massachusetts and had to get rid of all his guns. Huh. So we ended up uh with these guns. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my really my only experience with a gun was shooting a pistol and not knowing how to hold it right. And the hammer came back and hit me in the thumb and blood squirted everywhere. Oh jeez. And so that was really the only experience that I've had with guns. And it it kind of scared me. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I think that if I learn how to use one I would I would feel better. Right. I've also always thought about the idea you know most sports you know which are the N R A and people have their thing you know. If you ban guns you're just banning the the recreation the sport of hunting things of that nature. Most of that's done with rifles and such. Uh though there's you know probably I'm sure some sector that does it with handguns. But just by the mere fact of outlawing handguns would make it so that it would be not as conspicuous. You couldn't be inconspicuous when you walked into a store stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. You could see someone coming or dressed inappropriately you know. You- if they had to have a rifle or was. You know made it more difficult to get a a uh a handgun. Now of course you know in this world anytime you've freedom you can be able to get anything you want. Yeah. That's true. But I guess to make it more difficult for the person who's just so irate and upset and you know temporarily a little bit uh offset or off keel. I don't know if that's a large percentage of uh crime or not. But I guess it would be some. But I I think definitely. Like today they just introduced the what's called the Brady bill. The seven day mandatory waiting period on getting any guns. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that Shoot that's a good idea. I would definitely support that. <SEP> Yeah. I I I agree the thing that scares me uh though about where I would I would wa- definitely want some sort of legislation. And coming from the north east I'm just not used to seeing um these. And I I know this may sound kind of stereo typical. But the cowboys with the gun racks in the back of their trucks. That's kind of scary to me. Oh sure. That kind of to me it is more like vigilantism. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and it kind of scares me especially with all the shootings that have been going on in L A on the freeways. Right. Yeah. That's crazy. <SEP> And then you come here in in the Dallas area um. I don't I don't believe that people should be allowed to carry guns in their vehicles. Um especially not in the back window for everybody to see. Yeah. That's kind of kind of wild. Uh-huh. <SEP> That is kind of wild. Well that's all very interesting. Well thanks for talking. Sure you're welcome. Good-bye. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye.