Okay. Um I guess what I guess my task. I usually ride my bike. I have uh a stationary bike and uh a regular bike. And when I can I like to ride my regular bike outside because it's so much nicer. The stationary bike is is so uh boring. Boring. But I have head phones. And I plus I have it uh in the living room. So I either watch T V or we have a fish tank. <SEP> So I watch the fish you know. Whatever I can do to keep myself occupied. If I like to have the T V on because that usually keeps me um more occupied. It kind of takes the time away. And I don't realize really that's really the only time I ever watch T V is when I'm on the bike. But and then usually after I'm done riding the bike just to cool myself down I usually take a walk you know. And that just kind of gets myself uh gets me you know to where I'm not quite as tired I guess. But it's definitely a task. You think so? I can't say that I really enjoy it. I wish that I did enjoy it more. But I do it because I have to not because I want to. <SEP> I bought a stationary bike. But I find that if I sit on that seat too long it hurts. Yeah. Yeah. And I haven't figured how to get that soft. And I tried even tying a pillow to it. But two years ago I joined well it's not quite two years it's almost two years I joined the Cosmopolitan Lady here in Plano. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I love it. Really? I just love it. So is it just women that go there? <SEP> Yeah. It's totally women. See I think that's what's my biggest problem with going to a place uh a a health club. Because I don't feel like having a bunch of other people watch me exercise. You know so I have tried to just do stuff at home. And uh I just feel conscious about it. I mean I'm not big you know or anything. But I still don't like other people watching me. I like to be able to sweat have my hair a mess. Uh feel that okay fine if my bathing suit slips a little bit I don't have to be conscious of it being a little bit too low. Yeah. <SEP> Right. <SEP> And I my bathing suit's just one piece. So there's no big deal all the way around. But I don't have to be conscious of what I'm doing or how I'm doing it. Uh-huh. And it's uh oh it's just I don't know it's it's a total free relaxation. Because hey you can do what you want. You're a female. And no one is staring at anybody else or worrying about what anything else is doing. That's what. <SEP> And they've got such fantastic equipment in there. Really? That's that's great. Oh yeah. How. <SEP> And I love the water aerobics. I love the water aerobics. Do they have a pool. Or what is. Oh yeah. They've got a nice one. Huh. <SEP> They have two types of water aerobics. They call it aqua exercise I guess is what they call it. I've heard that that's really good for you to do. It pushes you because you're pushing against the water in itself. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it is like double strenuous. But you're not being double strenuous on your own body. Because you're pushing it yourself. Uh-huh. So you're doing it yourself. So you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you? <SEP> Huh-uh. When you're in the water? Huh-uh. The only thing that I ever felt was every time I stop and start going again because I end up getting two jobs once in a while. I end up having to quit for a while. But I get blisters on my toes on the bottom because I really jump a lot. Oh wow. <SEP> Well that's funny. I never would have thought of that. Well a lot of people wear those little uh terry cloth with rubber soles on the bottom. Especially around the pool. So they just wear them right into the pool. Like wat- Are they water shoes? <SEP> Is that. Yeah. They're just little terry cloth things you wear for house slippers with rubber you know soles so that you know. Oh okay. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Okay. No big deal one way or the other. Huh that's really funny. <SEP> But I never think about it until after you go there for about a week your toes you start getting blisters anyway. So no big deal. Huh that's. But it's fun. So how often do find yourself going? Um on a if you're doing it on a regular basis how often do you go? <SEP> I try to make it at least three times a week. Yeah. That's really. For a while I was doing it every day. Just going uh five days a week. Really? <SEP> I wish that I could make myself exercise every day. But I do force myself to do it at least three times a week. Which I don't feel like is enough. But i- it's it's at least something. You know it it. I just force I have to force myself to do it like I said because to me I really don't enjoy it. But I know that I have to do it. I mean it's just it's it's not a question of whether I want to you know. Well. But. <SEP> When I was working up at uh The Summit here in Plano I'd leave there. Uh-huh. And I'd be at the swimming pool by four o'clock. Oh actually about four thirty because they start at five to six. Oh that's. <SEP> So I was there by four thirty every night. And the only thing that ever bothered me was my hair getting wet. Uh-huh. Because no matter what I did or how I did it I invariably got myself wet. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the water only comes up basically to your anywhere from your waist to your oh chest I'd say. Yeah. So I mean it's your choice where you want to go. But I enjoyed it higher. Did you ever. <SEP> Well I'm sorry. That's okay. Uh did you ever go to Texins at all when you were working for T I? Did you ever try that? <SEP> I have a I have a bad back. So I'm very limited what I do. Oh okay. <SEP> It's like I can walk. But if I walk for more than fifteen minutes it's going to bother me. Um. Especially when you're on cement or anything that's hard. It will bother me. Then that would. Yeah. <SEP> It will bother me. I guess then the water aerobics would be probably the best thing for you wouldn't it? Well that what pushed me that way though was basically was the fact that when I went in there is wasn't for the water aerobics. I went in there strictly to strengthen my back muscles. Oh. <SEP> And uh she said Hey go for the swimming pool. She says you get just as much if you did the aerobics on the floor. She says in fact you get more. Wow. I said okay because I'm not a swimmer. Uh-huh. <SEP> I like water. I'm not scared of it. But I couldn't. I guess I could swim across the pool. But I'm no swimmer per se. Yeah. But I found that this worked really well. And I came out of there. And I saw my stomach going down well. Oh. <SEP> I dropped oh I'd say almost twenty pounds. Just by watching what I ate. Wow. And they fix you up with a diet which worked real good. What if you're already on one? I mean. <SEP> What? A diet? Yeah. I mean when you go in there they wouldn't make you do theirs. Would they? Oh no. They have nothing to do with that. Okay. <SEP> See I joined uh when this one down here opened up I joined as a V I P. And the V I P gives you uh oh gives you a diet a computerized diet. And they go over all your health and all your history. And they show you how everything to do and how to do it and the whole nine yards. So it became part of the package. So I went through it. It worked out well. But they have packages where they just offer the exercise program. Is that what you're saying? Oh yeah. You can just go in there and join just like anywhere else too. I see. Okay. <SEP> I just went and took the because they were offering it as an opening benefit. So it was it's less than what you pay now for going in there after all this time. Um. So it's like when I got laid off. I went back in there and start all over again because it had been a while since I'd done it. Um. <SEP> So I get all the same treatment again. So it's kind of nice. Wow. That's. Like I said I like it. I like the heat. I like the. I jump out of the swimming pool. And I go into the hot tub. Oh. <SEP> And I love it. Yeah. That would be really nice. Because I have n- I have never. Let me reword that. I think I have gone home maybe once or twice slightly sore. But that's because of my physical condition and nothing to do what they did. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's. I knew I was pushing too far. Uh-huh. But usually when I go into the hot tub before I go swimming or when I come out I'm totally relaxed when I go home. It's no big deal. So you really do enjoy your exercise then since your. <SEP> It's fun. It's fun. Uh I've gotten on the bike. And they've got uh the stepping bike where you step. Uh-huh. And I've enjoyed that watching how well I can walk up and down stairs. That's you know. I wanted I wanted to get one of those steppers when I bought the bike. <SEP> But most of the others to me are very dull. But I got talked into the bike instead. And I don't know. I really wanted a stepper. I'm considering maybe even buying one of those too. But I'm not sure if I'll get benefit out of both of them. I mean I don't know if it would really do any good having both of them. Which one do you feel is better since you use them both? Um I get bored very easily. Uh the one nice thing about the bicycle is you just sit. Like you said you can sit and do it and watch the T V and not even really be conscious of what you are doing. Uh-huh. <SEP> With the stepper you are conscious of what you are doing because you're basically watching each step as it gets harder and down. Huh. So you have a little you know little. You can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady so to what your gear is. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I. It would depend upon which one you want. I think now that I've had the bicycle. I would go to the stepper. But if I were you I would go apply to either a health club or one of the others and use it for a while. Because you can buy a month's membership. And see what you feel is best for you. Oh really? Um. <SEP> Because it all depends you know for everyone their own what they want to do. Because I jump on the bike here at home. Mine has its see the handle bars go up and down. Uh-hum. So I can sit there and read and listen to music like what you said. And it has no effect on me. So I mean it's boring. Uh-huh.