Okay. What do you think about it? Well uh the roles have definitely changed in the last generation or so. Oh yeah. <SEP> Um I think a lot of it has to do with women working. Uh-huh. Yeah. I do too. I think it's going to. In like in the future I think all women are going to work. Yeah. I mean they may let you off for a day or two to have your baby. But that will be it. <SEP> Yeah. Or either they'll have a computer at home and in the hospital where you can just you know just continue right on with your work. Ye- yeah. I mean i- it really is coming to that because most women now days can not afford the time that they could take off unless the company pays them. <SEP> Right. Right. They can't even afford to take off you know to have children it seems like. And it and it seems if you're going to have kids uh that you are you know society has decided for you how many you can really have and make it. Yeah. <SEP> And uh because if you have you know two well if you go to work you're just working to pay for day care two or three you know um. Right. Now I was real lucky because my husband had a good enough job where when my kids were you know when I had them and when they were small until they got in junior high school my youngest got in junior high I didn't have to work. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh that is good. I mean I didn't work. I I needed to. But I didn't. <SEP> Yeah. Steve's Steve has a sister who has four. She just had her fourth one in uh March. And she doesn't have to work either. I don't know how they do it. I don- I don't know how people do it with one. You know um obviousl-. Let me tell you you go without a lot of things that you wo- you know. Yeah. Obviously we don't have any. And and I don't I think that's part of the role reversal is it's okay to get married and not have kids. Oh yeah. <SEP> And I think for society for such a long time said well you know you're married now you need to sa- have have your family. And I don't think it's been until recently that that they had decided that two people was a family. Right. Right. You know and. Well it's getting where you can't hardly afford if you're going to give your kids any kind of education and stuff you can't hardly afford to have over two. <SEP> Right. And I mean it's hard with two. Now we. Uh my youngest one. I have two. I have a son and a daughter. And my youngest one is going to be graduating from college soon. Oh !. And if I had a third one I just don't know where it would come from. <SEP> Yea-. Yeah. Because I work now. I work full time. And uh you know it. When you put them through college it just takes just about everything you got. <SEP> Yeah. They get loans and grants and scholarships and stuff like that. That helps out. But still it cost a lot. Oh yeah. I mean just the you know the cost of living and loans don't pay for groceries and stuff. Right. And cars and all their books. And the books are outrageous. I mean absolutely outrageous. <SEP> Oh I know. I know. And they're getting worse. Uh my daughter brought home a book the other day that she was going to have to have for her one of her next classes. And it was like ninety-six dollars. Gee. And this book is a little bitty skinny book. <SEP> Yeah. I said my goodness what is it lined in gold you know uh. Yeah. But it is it's getting worse. And if I'd of probably had three or four children I don't see how we could have made it you know without me working. <SEP> But that's that's probably because you know if you had three you you know would say if I'd of had four. I guess it's always not not being able to picture one more. But in essence you probably would have worked out fine. Right. But I think I would have had to work. Yeah. If I'd of had that many I'd of had to work in order for my kids to. You know even though he brings in a real good living and everything in order for me to keep up I would have had to work. <SEP> Yeah. But I think it's getting more and more like when you have one child now that's it you know. Then you go to work. And you work. <SEP> Yeah. Because if you have two or three kids by the e- way the inflation's going I think a woman's always going to have to work. And it's just going to be an accepted thing. There isn't going to be any of this you know very few people will ever stay home. Yeah. And and that's all right with me because I don't want to stay home. Yeah. <SEP> You know I think I'm just part of tha- the new stuff that is just. I don't know I think I would just go nuts sitting at home all day long. Well you know I can't imagine how I did because now I work all the time. Yeah. And um well I work all week. And um I can't imagine how I stayed home. <SEP> Yeah. You know I think to myself what did I do. And I think it just it revolutionized an where a woman thinks that a way you know just like. Now my daughter there's no way that she can imagine herself married at the age that she's at now. To her everything is you've got to go through college you've got to get a job you know. And then when everything's set up then you look for somebody that you want to spend the rest of your life with. But. I mean it is so far down the road. Right. Where now when I graduated high school the thing. <SEP> That's you did that's what you did. Uh. Uh-huh. And then you got married. And then you had a family. I mean that's just the way it was you know. <SEP> Yeah. And uh that's like when my mo-. I know when my mother's age it was always the kids and the family and everything had to come first. And the woman stayed home and took care of them. An. I uh I I like the way it is. Yeah. <SEP> It's uh being. See we're from Houston and so it's not so hard for people. You know you've been married three or so years. And you don't have kids well it's okay no- nobody does. But you come to a place like Belton. And th-. A lot of the kids here get married out of high school. Uh-huh. It's real small town. And i-. And a lot of people in our su-. We're the only couple in our Sunday School class except for one other couple who are in their forties. And they can't have children who don't have children. And they can't imagine why we would want to have children. And I'm going well you know there's more to life you know there's life in there that's. <SEP> You know not everybody has to have kids. And I'd rather spend the time with my husband than you know spending time. Here it's your turn you know. Yeah. But you know that now even. Whenever I was coming up and everything. And we got married right out of high school well a year after I got out of high school. Uh-huh. And uh I didn't have kids for four and a half years. But that was because I wanted to work. And I wasn't ready for kids. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's what it is. I'm not either. And everybody thought oh my gosh what is the matter with her you know. They're probably going oh I bet she can't get pregnant. Right. I mean they thought that it was terrible you know. And then when I'd tell them you know well I'm just not ready for children yet. Oh but that you know you better you better just get ready now. <SEP> Yeah. Well you don't just get ready. But I was kind of odd because as a general rule the people that married during my time they had kids within a year. Yeah. And I just was not ready for kids. I wanted to get out and work a little bit. And I wanted to travel and stuff like that which we did. And uh kids didn't fit in right then. But it's getting more and more like that where there's more and more couples. And really if you don't want the kids then it's not the time to have. I don't care what anybody tells you. <SEP> Right. And I think that more and more the attitude's getting that a way. Because that's like my daughter. Now she says that you know maybe when she's thirty she might want a child then. Yeah. And uh even though I'd like to have grandchildren I can see her point. <SEP> Yeah. Steve's mom finally uh finally s- you know said that that God will take care of us when it's our time. Right. She finally admitted you know she finally told me it's okay if you don't. But it took every nerve in her body to say that because she's from a very very old fashioned family. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she stayed home and raised her kids. And and she expected all of her kids to do that too. And their wives and to be the the housewife and have dinner ready by five and and you know be there at every beck and call. And I was raised totally opposite. How we got together I don't know. But. Because my mother had six girls. And you know she worked too. Yeah. And I guess I just. And I saw how life was when she stayed home. And it was rough. It was hard. And uh. Yeah. And it really is. I know. Just like now you know there's there's so much more now. All my income goes for things like luxuries. I mean it really does. Accept for what we give to my daughter to you know put her through college and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the rest of it. We just buy things like boats. Or we go on trips or you know just the more or less like entertainment stuff. Right. But. <SEP> Yeah. I think you've you've earned that though. Yeah. I feel like I have you know because well we're just a age now. I'm not old. But I'm older. Uh-huh. And uh I got to stay home with my kids which I really wanted to do. But now I could not go back and do it. <SEP> Yeah. I really couldn't I don't think I could stay home all the time and do nothing. And I mean I did stuff. But to me it feels like I must have done nothing. Right. And I think it's just the new way that people are thinking. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. But uh. I think it would be neat if if they could incorporate into small and large businesses both a built in day cares where the children were there in the facility but not necessarily right there with you. Well you know more and more of them are. I don't know if it is up there where you are. But where I am the just like all the hospitals they're getting day care. <SEP> Uh-huh. Are they? But the reason they had to do this was because so many people you know so many women could not afford. Like you said if you had four kids or even if you had two kids you would be paying all your salary to pay for those two kids to go. <SEP> Right. So uh more and more of our hospitals especially over here are getting them. And then some of the bigger companies. But it's mainly the hospitals. Yeah. I don't know if the T I in Dallas does or not. I know I know nobody around here does it. We're it's too small around here. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah.