Okay uh. I was just trying to think about how I how I dress for work you know. T I is a very casual atmosphere. Uh-huh. And uh what I usually do on the weekend is is lay out five outfits. And uh on Monday I I wear the the worst looking one. Because it doesn't seem like people are really ar- you know are that alive on Monday you know. <SEP> So. Yeah. And then progressively through the week I'll I'll wear nicer looking things. And then on Friday most everybody wears jeans jeans and sweatshirts or you know jeans and blouses or something like that. Uh but mostly what I wear are skirts and blouses or you know skirts and uh pullover sweaters or uh you know little two piece dress suit suits like. But. <SEP> Yeah uh. You know that's a good way to approach it. I've never thought about um. I do plan my clothes a week in advance. Actually I plan them a month in advance. I usually do a month at a time. So I don't repeat an outfit. Uh-huh. But um I've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday because really no one's paying attention. But anyway um I really I don't work outside of school. Um I work in the computer lab at school. So I can just wear whatever I have on for school. An and um and really it's. I try to dre- dress presentable but very comfortable. Right. <SEP> Like um in the warm weather it's always shorts and a t-shirt or a button up or something like that. And then in the winter time it's jeans or or pants. I usually uh you know. College is so casual. You really don't want to dress up unless you you uh have a job. And you have to be there right after school or something like that. So. Right. Like where I work it's it's pretty casual uh. It's it's I guess it's more like a a college campus. Also I mean there's hundre- you know hundreds of people work for T I. Yeah. And uh a lot of people just just wear jeans and and uh sweats all the time. And they dress up like when customers are coming in or uh when we have department meetings or something like that. <SEP> And uh you know a lot of people like those that work in the legal department for their the real uh higher ups like the the lawy- the T I lawyers and uh those that work for the the higher executives those secretaries. They uh they really dress up all the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. So there's a good combination in the hallways all the time you know. Well that's good that they're so casual. Yeah. <SEP> I mean uh my brother works for T I. And he's a computer programmer or computer engineer. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh you know whenever he was going to school he was expecting to having to wear uh a tie or a dress shirt everyday. But uh he goes to work in his blue jeans t-shirt and tennis shoes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he just loves it. And that's very acceptable at T I. Yeah. I believe at I B M they they make you wear a blue suit and uh some kind of colored shirt and a tie. <SEP> That's what I've heard. Uh-huh. I wo- I would hate to be in that atmosphere. But uh I mean they they just moved into the new building. He calls it the new building. I don't know. It's where all the executives are. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um and so they were they were going to try to take their blue jean code with them and trying to get all the all the upper level to start wearing blue jeans. But he just left for Italy today at four. Oh. And he'll be over there until July first setting up some kind of computers for them. I see. <SEP> Over in T I mean for T I but over in Italy. Yeah. Oh T I is everywhere. Oh yeah. He was so excited about going. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh he didn't carry any ties or anything because he he just went over there with the that attitude well if I don't take it then they won't make me wear it. That's true. That's a good idea. Because uh he just he didn't you know. He's not really into all that. He would wear it if he had to for his job and all. But you know if he had the preference I mean his his preference is um blue jeans and a t-shirt. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I think that's great about T I. And also uh to get off the clothing the smokers you know how they have the the different designated areas for smokers and stuff. The. No. Right. <SEP> I think that's great. Yeah. And if you happen to go into one of areas that is a smoke smoke area and you don't smoke you almost strangle. Oh really. Do you smoke? So much smoke in the air. Yeah. Areas the smoking area you know it's closed in. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if you don- if you don't smoke and you go in there. Tha- everybody that goes in there smokes. So it's full of smoke when when you go in there. I used to smoke a long time ago. I think that's um. I used to burn my clothes talking about getting back to clothes. I used to burn my clothes with cigarettes. That's one of the reason that I stopped. <SEP> Well um y- you mentioned your daughter had graduated from college. Well when she was in high school did she always have to have all the new fashions. And uh? Yeah. She always had uh yeah she always had to have a lot of clothes. See that's how that's how I am. But my mamma was not raised like that. And so. No. I I wasn't either. She my daughter she's real good at finding sales though you know. <SEP> Oh me to. Boy I have to hunt them down. Sh- she'll buy a lot of sh- yeah she'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons you know and uh just have them for the next year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she you know she finds all the outlets and all the discount places and uh buys clothes. Uh whe- you know when they were coming up I I didn't sew. But now I've I've learned how to sew. So I'm well I'm I'm still learning how. But I'm ge- and I'm getting much better at it. And I I'm going to be able to make my own clothes. That's great. <SEP> I wanted to take a sewing class at school. But I just haven't fit it into my schedule yet. But that I mean that can really benefit. Right. Um that's something that I'd be very interested in very interested in learning. Right. Because clothes are s- are really expensive. You know. <SEP> Uh they're outrageous !. Uh uh a little simple shell shell blouse you know that you can make for about say ten dollars at you know at at the most out of a decent fabric boy runs you like twenty something dollars in the store. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah it's it's marked up. Just a little shell to go under a suit you know. It is it is really outrageous. But uh I mean like whenever I I was growing up and all my mom. I never understood this then. But I do now. But she never would buy me like the new designer jeans that had come out that were thirty dollars. Or um or she wouldn't buy me the fifty dollar tennis shoes and stuff like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she always told me it was because I was still growing. And she wasn't going to buy me something I was going to grow out of next week. Right. Especially to pay that kind of money for it. Yeah. I have a friend who uh. She had a she had a ba- a little boy. And uh she used to dress him out of Neiman Marcus. I mean she dressed him uh fabulously. <SEP> Oh no. And then seems like every time she turned around he was outgrowing stuff. Uh-huh. And she finally learned that you just can not do this you know. So now she finds the basement sales and just like you know everybody else. <SEP> That's the best way to shop. I mean I always thought my mom was being mean to me. But I look back at it now. And my child is going to. I mean I'm going to raise mine the same way. Right. Um I don't know. I just they're just so outrageously priced. It's just incredible. Yes. And you. <SEP> I try to uh always catch the sales. Right. Always. And yeah. And you just have to keep buying them you know. If you if you if you're not buying the most expensive clothes out there the the quality is really not that great you know for the price that you pay. <SEP> Yeah. It it depends on um. Yeah. There's there's always a reason why they're on sale. Right. So that that has a lot to do with it. Right. <SEP> But um. Well. Like I bought I bought the most beautiful swe- uh sweater from uh I believe it was Ross Dress For Less. Uh. And it wa- it was really pretty. It was just you know it was just plain a plain uh ro- you know round uh necked uh sw- sweater. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it had like it was embellished around the the top you know. It had uh leather leather designs and um some other other little things on it. And I just thought it was so pretty. And I go- I got it at a real good price. I think maybe it was nine ninety-nine or something. Oh that's great. And it was so pretty. And after I wore it a couple of times I realized why why it was it was so cheap. <SEP> Uh oh. There was in the middle of the back of it there was. It's like there. It had been slit. And they had like just sewed it back together right in the middle of the back you know. Oh no. Wasn't a seam or anything you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's why it was so cheap although it's not it's not really noticeable uh from the outside. But but still it's you know it's really not not not a good quality. And then I was told by somebody that works for J C Penney's that uh Ross Ross is just one of those places that sell sells seconds. <SEP> The defect. Yeah. Yeah. Um they don't really buy the first quality. They buy the second. And uh places like J C Penney's that they'll reject the seconds. They'll send them back every time. Uh-huh. But places like Ross Dress For Less and uh T J Max. <SEP> T J Max does that. Uh-huh. Yeah. We have a T J Max over here. And um.