So well this is an appropriate topic the day after Earth Day. So. Right. Um well what do you think is uh the pollutants the main pollutants in the air? <SEP> I have trouble with the chemical plants and things like that I just uh I think they put off so much. And they're not regulated enough. Yeah. Well that's me too. After um. On channel thirteen uh they had some some programs the day before. And I'm not sure that about yesterday we didn't really watch it too much yesterday. But the day before they had a lot of programs about the environment and you know how we're affecting the Earth and things by what we do as the people. Uh-huh. And and they mentioned sulfur and carbon dioxide a lot. <SEP> Yeah. And that actually um as our population increases and you know our of course our our cars you know our number of cars increase per the population that's the problem. But also like you said the industry pollution. And you know their reg- their regulation that's placed on them is I mean it's better than it used to be. But it's incredible that they still don't have you know they don't they're not made to regulate the amount of pollutants that they put into the air. Right. You know I I just. I can't stand that. And I know for a fact that they get away with a lot that. You know they're supposed to be regulated because we have a we have a plant I don't know about T I but we have a plant uh a Pillsbury plant in in a town adjacent to ours. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I know people that work there that. Of course you wouldn't think Pillsbury would put out certain chemicals. No. But they put out toxic chemicals there just in some of the um what they do uh to uh make their dough and st- to clean out the flour and stuff like that. <SEP> Really? Yeah. Huh. I mean it's incredible. And um they said that they're you know they have a little creek that runs by them. And some of the people that work there have told me that when they have inspectors coming they you know shut down everything. And they clean up their act but on a normal basis that they're that they're dumping things that they're not supposed to be dumping. <SEP> Oh. And I'm like if they're getting away with it can you imagine. Right. That's a that's a Pillsbury plant. I can't imagine plants. <SEP> I wouldn't have thought that Pillsbury could would the I mean or even had chem- you know well. Those chemicals would not. Yeah. They have chemicals that they use to refine their flours with and stuff you know to to break the flours down. Yeah. And then they they also do testing there. And I don't. You know wh- when you consider you know it's probably not radioactive. But toxic can be can be anything that's cr- uh classified that can damage the Earth. <SEP> Right. Yeah. So there could be a lot of things that they could put you know that chemical wise that they use to uh that they are testing with that they're dumping. Right. You know like in In packaging. Yeah. <SEP> And uh you know just goodness. Yeah. I don't think they do the packaging at this plant. Yeah. But they do they do a lot of research. And they do um they do do a lot of the refining up there. Or. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not really. What's it called when you do flour. I'm not. Uh only thing I can think is bleaching. But I mean I I don't know what's how they do the flour. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But um we we're on the southwest side of Houston. We don't have that much as far as uh aiming in the plants over on this uh the we- east side does. Uh-huh. <SEP> We've got Imperial sugar. But uh and they're you know they're right there on the creek also. And uh they've been there for years. Yeah. And uh. But. I mean you think about it it you know. It's probably a lot easier to detect things that go into the ground than it is maybe to just. I'm not really sure. But I would think it would be easier to detect those things because you could detect them down strean- or stream or such. <SEP> Yeah. Or you can you can you know do uh testing on the ground itself at that point. Uh-huh. But when they pollute into the air and you've got you know and you've got movement through the air it's going to move a lot of that off. So I don't see you know how they can do some of the te-. Unless it just hangs there like in places where it's a lot of pollution you know like in Los Angeles or or the bigger cities where it it tends to get stuck there. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know that you have a lot more particles in the air you know per per uh per particles in the surrounding community because it's not moved away. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um. I know that. I worry every now and then. We're still on a well water. We're not on city water. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I think well what if somebody's dumped something back there in the and no one knows about it and you know it sinked in through the ground and all that. Yeah. Well I know out in some. I'm not sure. I can't remember the name of the county. It's it's where Stillwater is or sweet. Yeah. No. I'm not sure. I know it. I think it's uh. I know we have a piece property there. It's called Dublin. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's in Dublin Texas. I'm not really sure what the county. It's Stephen. No. Stephenville. Oh okay. Okay. Okay. Where Stephenville's at they've had a lot of problems because they've um introduced a lot of dairies there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So they have a lot of cattle in the area. I mean they've got like per per ya- uh per lot. You know they've got like a lot of head of cattle because dairies they don't th- th-. It's not like it was a big ranch where they let the cow roam around free. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. They've got to have them there to be able to milk them. And they. And I read in this article I couldn't believe it where you know like one cow produces like a day produces like a hundred or so pounds of manure. Oh. One cow. I was like my God. And they. And this thing says that that you know it- people think well cow manure is good for fertilizer. But when you get that much manure it says it becomes a real problem because it's not it's not. When you know you buy cow manure at the store they've added stuff to it. And they've added humus and stuff that breaks it down. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and this and this article said that they've got a real problem that um you've got toxins and and uh bacteria in the manure that is. What it's doing is it's going through uh. They don't have a very deep um o-. You know their water their natural water uh. Uh-huh. I forget what that's called with you know. It's like a spring spring water. <SEP> Yeah. But it's below the surface. It's not very far down. Uh-huh. And all this stuff is seeping through to the water. <SEP> Oh. And they're like they're afraid that you know within a certain amount of years that it's their wa- their water in that town will be totally polluted. It will. And they won't be able to have any drinking water because they will have um polluted completely polluted so that they're you know there's too many toxins and bacterial growth. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And the gr-. And I'm like my God you know just from that one you know just from them introducing dairy farms in that one county. Right. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And the the ground will filter some of it but not all of it. No. Not when you figure. I didn't realize a cow one cow produces that much manure. And they were talking like thousands of cows you know they were talking thousands cows in one little tiny area. <SEP> These are well fed. These are. You. <SEP> Good grief these are well fed cows uh. Well they are evidently. But um I mean ev- evidently a normal cow produces that much too. Uh-huh. But they're just so spread out on ranches and stuff that it's not you know a problem. <SEP> Right. But when they get them in these tiny little areas you know and they've got a real big problem. And they they said that that what they were doing was scraping it with bulldozers and stuff and taking it to uh these like ponds that they had to filter it with. Uh-huh. But the ponds because they've had so much rain in the past few years they just overflow. <SEP> Yeah. And they overflow into the the creeks and stuff in the area. So that just creates. You know there there's. And oh it was just disgusting. It said the creeks will foam. Oh. People people stand outside their houses and their watch the creeks foam brown and all. <SEP> Oh now that's bad. And I'm just like oh my gosh. And the smell is really bad they sa-. Oh I was going to say the air pollution alone there just from a hundred pounds of cow manure was going to be bad. Yeah. But I I don't know. It really frightens me though as far as the when you think about the you know thinking of just air pollution itself. And then and channel thirteen they're really um emphasizing the problem with acid rain you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. If we if we keep putting that stuff into the air and and you know if we keep creating the problem and not doing anything about it that it's really going to be a problem for um just the the Earth you know what the Earth is receiving back you know because how can you tell where it's going to come down at. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. And then cutting the trees you know that bothers me. Yeah. As far as you know the. The rain forest and all. <SEP> Yes. Uh we've been wanting to. Well not me. But uh it's been recommend- or suggested that we cut a few of the trees down here. I'm like no. You know for what's cut down here you know more will be cut down someplace else. And it will just take that longer to grow back. Yeah. And trees help so that uh. I don't. Well they do because what is it carbon dioxide they use that where we can't synthesize it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're synthesizing it for us. Right. Right. Believe me it's just so much better. Yeah. <SEP> So uh yeah. I knew. I think there's lots that be that could be done to to improve how things are done now. Yeah. I think we just have to. I don't know personally you know. I suppose you know if you just make sure your car is is working properly. Uh-huh. And yo-. You know they're suppos-. Nowadays they have the emission controls on them. But uh I think the only the main thing is just keep on the legis- your legislator's back you know as far as. Seems like they've only just really started as far as the environment saying okay we're really going to get involved. <SEP> Uh-huh. It it's really becoming a problem. By the year two thousand there will. What what are we going to have. What kind of results are we going to have for the environment. Right. And and what will we.