Okay. Okay uh. The question was about uh physical fitness and staying in shape and exercise. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well uh I I don't do it as much as I should. I try to walk. Uh-huh. And uh last year I would I did it every day. But I've kind of in ninety-one I've kind of gone down hill. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so I'm not doing it as much as I need to. But I I can tell you when I do do it on a regular basis I feel so much better and so much healthier. I agree. But it's just to get motivated to do it. And once I get started and and I I I ca- I do it every night. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's just to get uh motiv- motivated again. And what happened about couple of weeks ago I started again. And I was walking. And it got kind of dark. Uh-huh. And I was by myself. And there was this fellow in this truck that kept circling the block. Ooh. <SEP> And so I I kind of got frightened. And I kind of use that as an excuse. All I have to do is start earlier. But. Right. <SEP> I haven't walked since. So. It's always easy to find an excuse not to exercise. I know what you mean. Yeah. It sure is. It sure is. How about you? Do you exercise on a regular basis? Um well I try to. Um I started at the beginning of this year. I decided all right I'm going to start exercising again. I'm going to be real good. And I went through the T I fitness center and registered for the uh aerobics classes there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they run for two months at a time. And you have to you do have to pay to take them. And I took I signed up for one that was three nights a week an hour and a half. So that was four and a half hours a week. Oh. And it cost sixty dollars. And I thought okay that's not cheap. That'll encourage me to always go since I spent that much money. <SEP> Right. And I had a friend of mine going. So I was real good. I only missed it about three times. And then oh March came around. And I signed up again. And I got uh caught up with a class I was taking at T I. And then I was having to work some real late hours to get caught with my work after I got out of class. Uh-huh. And then I went to Colorado Springs the next week to do some training at the T I up there. And so that was two weeks I had missed. And boy I tell you what I've been terrible ever since then. <SEP> Yeah. It's once you get out of that habit you just don't you don't get back into it. Uh-huh. Because I teach school. And last year a bunch of teachers had an aerobics class. We went in together and hired a private instructor. And she came to our school twice a week. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I was. I would go faithfully. And then I missed once. Then I went back again a couple times and missed another time and then kept missing and never went back again. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think if you. You just have to stick with it. Oh yeah. I think I've been two maybe three times the month of April. And this session is about to run out. Now I signed up for a different one now that's only two nights a week because I am getting kind of into a real busy schedule as far as teaching a lot of training classes. And some of them require me to go out of town. Uh-huh. And and uh that just kind of throws my whole schedule off on doing that. So. And I've. <SEP> Yeah. Lately uh there's been nights that I could have gone. And I've found excuses uh things like I had the flu last week. Yeah. But I'm fine this week. I could have gone Monday. <SEP> I could have gone tonight. And I didn't. Yeah. So I'm kind of finding excuses. And now it's kind of like well. This is the last week. I'll just start fresh next week. But I better better do it. And I think another thing is that my friend that was taking with me the first two months wasn't the second two months. She started taking tennis lessons. And so I haven't had that extra motivation of of us forcing each other or not forcing each other but encouraging each other to go. <SEP> Yeah. So. Sure. Yeah. That makes a difference when you have somebody to go with and to do the same the same thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like it's misery loves company. I don't really love exercise. I mean some I. The neighbor across the street she goes belongs to President's. And uh it's not President's any more. I don't know what the name of it is anymore. But she loves it. Uh-huh. I mean it's just it's an automatic high for her. Uh-huh. <SEP> She just enjoys it so much. And I don't. Yeah. I'm the same way. I feel good after I do it. But I hate it when I'm doing it. Yeah. <SEP> You know I just. I don't enjoy it at all. And she just loves it. So. Even when she doesn't go to the health club she runs you know. Uh-huh. And it's a daily thing for her. So it you know. And it's so hard for me. I envy her. I wish I could be that way. But I don't. I don't. I do too. <SEP> And I have an older sister that loves running too. And she runs all the time. But at to me it's every minute's agony. And I. In fact I don't run. I hate to run. Uh-huh. Like when I walk I'll take along a radio or something. And that helps you know pass the time. Right. Yeah. Walking is kind of boring. I do have a few friends that live in my apartment complex in this neighborhood. And we try to we used to try to get together. And I think now that the weather's getting nicer we're going to start doing it again and occasionally go walking. There's a real nice residential area right behind our apartment complex. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it's not as boring if you get several people. That's right. And you can kind of talk. And and it it makes it pass pretty quickly. And the aerobics isn't too boring. I kind of enjoy it when I'm doing it. Um. It's a lot more fun than some other things I could do I guess. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But uh I do I do have to make myself go. And of course while I'm doing it I feel pretty good. And after I get finished I feel great. Oh it's great afterwards. Yeah. I mean I can go in there. I can be. Like a Friday afternoon when I'm tired it's the end of the week and I just want to go home. And I'll make myself go. And I'll have headache and everything. And I get out. I don't have a headache any more. I feel great. And I'm just. It's amazing how much better I feel. <SEP> Yeah. And then just in general I sleep a lot better. Yeah. That's right. And I just feel much better. I mean I've been kind of dragging the last few weeks. And I know if I would just get around to exercising I'd feel better. <SEP> Exactly. It does. It gives you energy. But my dragginess is my excuse for not exercising. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'm too tired. Or I have a headache. Or. Well I just got over the flu. And I'm still kind of draggy. So I better not go. <SEP> It's kind of a vicious circle isn't it? Yeah. It really is. Yeah. I find too that I have more energy when I exercise. And you know it's silly not to. But I don't know. It's just a put off. I don't know why I don't do more. And I and I know that it's good for my health. I know you know from everything that you read and you see on television now exercise is so important to good health. Right. <SEP> So you know you not only you know you're not only doing something to keep yourself fit but you're probably prolonging your life. So. Right. There's no reason that we shouldn't do it. But I don't know. It's just hard to make yourself go. And I I think one thing I don't like about aerobics is that after I'm finished it's kind of late at night. And I've been sweaty. And and it you know. I don't really feel like going in the grocery store all sweaty or running errands. <SEP> Yeah. So it kind of kills the evening for doing errands. So I think a Tuesday Thursday might be a little bit better. Yeah. Of course I feel like once I've done it if I'm sweaty I might as well do an extra thirty minutes because you've already kind of shot your night. <SEP> Right. But um so I'm kind of glad they have a longer class on Tuesday Thursday now that I can just kill two nights and and uh get a reasonable amount of workout in. Yeah. <SEP> Does it cost the same for just two nights or. No. It's less expensive. Well that's good too. This one was only forty-five dollars. But I'm glad it's not too totally cheap because if it was too cheap I would talk myself out of going more probably. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Since it's more expensive I think Okay you spent that much money you'd better go. That's right. That's right. So hopefully. <SEP> Well do you have a facility right at the where you work? No. Yeah. Yeah. It's right there. And it's they have a really nice facility at the T I. They've got two different aerobics rooms. They have the mirrors. Of course sometimes you don't like to see the mirrors on the wall. You don't like to see how you work. But I guess sometimes it kind of motivates you to really get going. But. <SEP> Yeah. And then they hire private instructors? Uh-huh. Oh that's great. And they have ceiling fans in the rooms. And it's it's a pretty nice setup. Um. And of course it's real convenient because it is right there at work. I think if I had to come home and then go somewhere I'd never make it. <SEP> Yeah. And just the fact that I can go straight from my desk over to the the recreation center and do it helps a lot. Uh-huh. Yeah. I can see that would be uh easy. They make it as easy as they possibly can for you. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well um do a lot of people take advantage of it? Quite a few do. They have probably ooh I'd say fifteen different fifteen to twenty different aerobics classes each session that are running. And they have them anywhere from six in the morning. Uh. They have some during during lunch hour that are shorter. And I guess guys can take advantage of that. For me I wouldn't have time to do an hour hour of aerobics and then take a shower and get get dressed again. Oh yeah. But there's a lot more guys that do that one. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um they have them you know in the evenings. They even have some late night ones for people that work second shift and things like that. So they have big variety. They even have some uh aerobic uh water aerobics when the weather gets nice out in the pool. I've never done that one before. But. Oh you have a pool there too? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh how nice. They've got an olympic pool and and basketball courts and sand volleyball. They've got the full weight room and uh the locker rooms with uh a jacuzzi and sauna and the shower facilities and hair dryers and all the you know everything you'd need just about. Wow. It's a real it is a real nice facility. It's also got a full insid- inside basketball court. And I think they're working on building a jogging track and some other things. But it's it is very nice. <SEP> That's great. I just don't take as much advantage of it as I should. Now to use. I mean I'm just now finally starting to do the aerobics thing. But. <SEP> Well does it cost money like to use the to exercise in the weight room or to uh to tak- to go swimming. Do you have to pay for that too. Yeah. You can get a fitness membership that allows you to use the facilities. And it's about eight dollars a month. Oh that's not bad. No. Not at all. <SEP> Huh-uh. Pretty cheap. Um. And then the aerobics cost extra even if you have the fitness membership. But I think the aerobics classes are even pretty reasonably priced from what I've heard. <SEP> I think so too. Yeah. Well and people of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? Hm? People of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? Oh yeah. In fact uh the T I-er's families can come in on these things.