Okay. Tell me about your home. Well it's an older home. It was made back in the early sixties. It's a pier beam house. Huh-uh. <SEP> Got three bedrooms one bath and that just makes me scream. That's pretty tough. What area do you live in? I live in Houston. Oh okay. I see. Is that pretty typical for your area? <SEP> Well for the neighborhood I'm in. Yeah. Yeah. This is one of the more established neighborhoods. Huh-uh. That sounds real interesting. I live in a suburb of Dallas. And uh I live in the basic three bedroom two bath home. So at least I have two bathrooms. That's not so bad. But uh it's pretty typical for the area as well. Uh I've always been interested in older homes personally. So I think you can end up doing more with them it seems like. What about yard space? Do you have lot of a big lot or anything like that? <SEP> The whole lot I'm sitting on is roughly half an acre. Oh I see. About half of that about a quarter acre of that I've got a garden. Huh-uh. Oh that's nice. Because I have just like a very small you know those basic tract houses like that. We have a very small yard. And um I do have garden. But it's extremely small. But uh it seems like though for your area that that is sort of different. In a big city like that most houses I would think would be sort of like what we live in. Just a you know basic tract house. <SEP> Well in the uh newer neighborhoods and development communities the houses are so close together. Yeah. If your neighbor is having an argument you can here it blow for blow. That's exactly right. That's the way we are. We have uh one thing we have that we really enjoy here is we have a hot tub in the back. So we have we have quite a few parties. And uh seems like everyone that lives around us ends up you know hearing every conversation that goes on outside with everyone. So uh that's true. That is one thing that I don't enjoy about it is the houses are too close together. But uh you know it's fine for now. Hopefully eventually we'll move in a larger home. The only thing that I don't like also is the rooms are so small. You know it's very difficult to arrange furniture and things like that. So. Are your rooms in your house bigger since it's a sixties home? Because it seems like then that they built the homes much larger. Is that true? <SEP> Yeah. And they've got better closet space. Yeah. New houses that I've seen. Yeah. Yeah. That's really it. That's a plus. At least we do have like three walk-in closets here. So that's that's maybe not so typical. But uh. <SEP> It helps a bunch. Yeah. It really does except when you have to fill them up. And then you get those Visa bills in. And. Yeah. So anyway um anything else about the area about um. You know can you compare yourself to any thing around there. <SEP> Most of the neighborhood I'm in is pretty typical. This whole neighborhood was built between sixty and sixty-five. Yeah. So it's it's. Everybody has got a pretty good size yard. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I got probably the biggest. If not the biggest yard I've got pretty close to it in the entire neighborhood. Yeah. That's nice. That is nice. But you know too the only bad thing too is that then you have to keep up you know. You have to the yard to deal with. <SEP> Well I I enjoy that though. And. Do you. You must have more time than than I have. I'm sitting out here right now. We had this terrible rain. And I'm looking at the yard and seeing how tall the grass has gotten. And it seems like. Now that's that's. I almost wish I was in an apartment or something. You know. <SEP> It's rained. Yeah. Well um I don't know do we just terminate this or do you have to talk for a certain amount of time? Do you know? No. We can. After you go to somewhere between five and ten minutes they'll get a little master recording on this. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Well can you tell me anything else about the house. Are you working on it? I mean do people around that area seem to do a lot of renovation? Yeah. This entire neighborhood everybody keeps the places up real nice. Yeah. That's that's nice. Yeah. The town that I came from is uh is a uh older town. It like. The typical the typical homes there are like you know early nineteen hundreds late eighteen hundreds. <SEP> Wow. And I renovated a house there. And that was so much fun. I mean there if you don't live in a house that's at least seventy-five to hundred years old you know you're just nobody practically. And that was really that was a good experience for me to learn a lot of discipline. And uh was considered typical for that area. So uh it was quite a change for me to come to a house like that now that's just you know a very square little box. And you know there's not a whole lot you can do with it. But uh anyway. Living in the city has some advantages. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> If given the choice I'm getting out. Oh really. Well I have lived in a small town for you know. This this town was like less than ten thousand people. And it was about sixty miles south of Dallas. And you know I didn't move out of there until I was you know twenty-seven. And that was just you know. So I love the big city. You know I had lived in a rural area for for so long. So I've enjoyed it. But uh it can it can get kind of tough. It's like a rat race sometimes. That's just something I'll never adapt to. I don't I don't want to be a part of the rat race. I want to be basically just kind of left alone. Yeah. <SEP> If I want to sit around and mess with my garden I'll mess with my garden. Yeah. If I want to work in the flower beds. Yeah. It sounds like you enjoy working outside as well. I I. <SEP> Very much. Yeah. I really do enjoy that. But I haven't planted anything yet. Or you know I usually have gotten flowers coming out the gazoo. But I I haven't done that yet. I've had finals this week. So uh you know I'm just kind of trying to trying to stick in with that. Huh-uh. But uh since that's over with now maybe I can I can get this yard in shape. Do you do a lot of gardening? <SEP> Uh landscaping is more than the gardening. Yeah. In the garden I've got my beans peas. Yeah. <SEP> I've got some onions out tomatoes. Yeah. I'm not real sure what they're going to do this year. I never have much luck with tomatoes. I do plant a lot of beans because it seems like the uh bugs get on them so easily. And I have a real problem with anything like pesticides or anything like that. So the only thing that I use is soap. I water you know spray the plants because they say supposedly that will keep the bugs off them. But uh I don't have luck with that tomato plant. So I hate to spray them with anything. Um what do you do? Do you have any tips you could give me? <SEP> Um my favorite one is putting on the um tomato plant is to put uh dust. Yeah. Yeah. And that stuff has been around since the beginning of time. That's true. That's true. My dad is a farmer. So I've heard him talk about that forever. I guess it works. But um you have to really wash your vegetables after that. So it won't make you sick. Let's see what else do you do to your house? <SEP> Well I've done some rewiring on it. Yeah. Eventually if we stay here I'm going to have to rewire the entire house. Oh really. Do you plan on like adding any rooms or. You have enough space. You could probably do that. Or is it. <SEP> I've talked about adding at least one more room and definitely adding another bath on. Yeah. I would think so if you only have one bathroom for three bedrooms. That's tough. Do you not like have a half bath. Not even a half bath. Yeah. Yeah. That's rough. The house that I used to live in had one bath and a half. And that was even just with two people. That was a pain. <SEP> The only thing that saves it with the schedule I work and the schedule my wife works we're getting ready to go to work at totally different times. So that. It's not like we're tripping over each other in the morning. That's good. Really. That could account for a lot of marital problems. I think. <SEP> You get to know each other very well if you have to share a bathroom. It doesn't work if you're trying to shave and she's trying to put her eyeliner on. And you're both fighting over the mirror. No. <SEP> That's right. It does not make for a happy situation. That's true. Well do you have any children? I've got one. One child. And they enjoy where they're living? <SEP> We'll. He's nine months old. Oh so he doesn't know right. I guess he's a big help out in your garden. Right. He likes to dig around a little bit. His mother comes in and says why did you let him play in the dirt. <SEP> I guess he's enjoying himself. That's right. It's healthy. Why not. Yeah. He was eating the dirt. I wouldn't worry about it. No. It won't hurt them. I was a big dirt eater supposedly when I was a child. And I turned out okay. <SEP> So don't worry about it. Just let him enjoy himself. So you think that you want to move away from the big city uh? Well that's what I've always. I was raised up in a town that was about ten thousand people. Yeah. So you're just the opposite from me. You want to go back to that uh. <SEP> After we got married we moved ended up moving to the Houston area. Yeah. Yeah. So are you from Texas? Yeah. You are. So it's not you know. That's true. Houston in itself is a pretty tough place.