All right. Okay. Well I can go ahead and start and tell you mine. And. Okay. <SEP> We're from San Antonio. And that's where I grew up. Oh. So I was used to the heat out here right now. Yeah. <SEP> Gosh it gets to about seventies high seventies. And it gets very cold at night. Uh-huh. And Monterey it's um right on the coast. And I don't know if you're familiar with California coastline. But we're we're about two hours about a two hour drive south of San Francisco. Oh okay. <SEP> And it's uh really nice. It's a big area for people to come from the different uh countries mostly like Japan Germany and England. And they usually go to Carmel and vacation on the beaches. So it's it's pretty nice uh year round. But uh cool always cool in the evenings. And warm warm in the Summer. But it's stays pretty cold even uh during the Winter for as nice as it is. Uh-huh. And um we usually get a fog. Uh right about I guess about four o'clock. And it kind of rolls in over the coast. And uh then it usually breaks back off again the next morning. And if you go just a little bit ways in I'd say about a fifteen minute drive in towards Salinas uh the weather completely changes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it gets very hot and dry. And the fog never makes it that far. Uh-huh. But along here it's uh very very different from the Texas type weather. What's it like down there? Well right now we're we're having the little bit of Spring that we have. <SEP> Oh really. Well at least you've got some. We don't have many seasons here. It goes from Winter to Summer usually. Uh-huh. Spring usually consists of a lot of rain. Especially thunderstorms. We've got we had one of those blow through tonight. <SEP> Oh well that's good. And I think we got the same thing in the forecast for the next two or three days. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Have y'all been having any heat waves or like the ninety degree. It's gotten up to uh ninety a couple of times. Uh-huh. But basically it's been in the low seventies and eighties. <SEP> Uh-huh. Women that's good. For this time of year. Yeah. It's not really been too bad. Uh-huh. Usually it sneaks on into the nineties a little earlier. <SEP> Uh-huh. So do y'all have many bluebonnets and stuff this year? Yeah. Quite a bit. Oh Uh-huh. Well the season is just about over for that. Uh in fact we drove down to Corpus last week. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh there were still some paint brushes and bluebonnets down along the way. Oh I miss that. Drove through San Antonio. And I spoke to somebody else this morning from San Antonio. And were. They had. And we came back. What day was that Sunday evening. And they had a big rainstorm come through there part of the same thing we're getting now I guess. <SEP> Oh. Oh well that's real nice because I can remember two years ago that in about February the hundred degree weather started in San Antonio and just continued. At least y'all are getting some rain up in Dallas. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah. That's the second or third year in a row that we've had a real rainy Spring. Uh-huh. We had a pretty rainy Fall last year as well. <SEP> Y'all weren't getting any of the strings of the tornadoes and stuff were you? Um we've had a few down here but not anything like Kansas. Uh-huh. But this is the season for that. <SEP> Oh gosh. They do they do pop up occasionally around here. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. I really don't miss all the heat there. Yeah. I'm getting acclimated to have the cool evenings. So we get a bit of a relief. Yeah. I'm from here originally. So when it's July and August I'm pretty well used to the hundred degree temperatures. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. The biggest problem with with the weather and the rain in this area is the soil. It's that black clay soil. <SEP> Oh. Is that what Dallas is. Okay. Yeah. You know it's not sandy like most of the state is. So it doesn't absorb the water real well. Uh-huh. You know once it rains a little bit it's it's filled up and everything else just runs off. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know. Yeah. San Antonio has that same problem when the rains come. It's it's a complete mess everything floods all the under passes. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't realize that Dallas had that same problem. Yeah. We have it. Especially as rainy as it's been in the last couple of years. And there's a section in South Dallas that's had a whole lot of flooding problems because of the rain. Uh-huh. Well we could use some rain up here. We're like in the bottom of the fourth year of drought up here. Really. <SEP> And they had a pretty good early Spring. And we got quite a bit of rain. But it wasn't enough to offset what they lost over the last four years. Uh-huh. And uh so they're still talking water rationing this Summer. So it would seem strange because in San Antonio. We had lived out um west of San Antonio in Castroville. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the water in Medina Lake and that area was really going down that they were considering that they might have to do water rationing. And I thought oh gee I'm so glad to get out of there and get up here to the California Pacific coast where it rains and everything has flowers. And there's no problem with water. And then I came here and found out they were in the you know four year draught. Uh-huh. So I said well gee this is pretty much like Texas. And it pretty much is in the middle of Summer. They have rolling hills around here. But um they turn to golden dead grass for the majority of the Summer just because there is no water to keep them green. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But um it's a really nice area. It's just it's just such a change from uh Texas because I had grown up with uh the heat. Uh-huh. And used to essentially. Like you said you have the cold Winter. And then you have the hot Summer Spring. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh to come here it's kind of the temperate weather all year round. It's kind of like uh Spring I guess if you year round except. And then in the Winter. And then it seems sort of like a San Antonio early Winter or Fall year-round. Uh-huh. So it seems like we only have two Springs which is or two seasons. And that would be Spring and Fall. Yeah. <SEP> We never really get any of the other ones. Uh-huh. But it's a really nice uh change of pace. I guess I'd prefer that. <SEP> Yeah. To the heat. I really don't miss the heat. Yeah. Um we do a lot of you know. When you do a lot of outside like running and stuff it's just so much easier up here. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you don't have to worry about the high humidity. Yeah. Does Dallas get high humidity? Or is it pretty dry. It's pretty dry. We get some when it's this rainy. But it's nothing like I guess San Antonio Summers. It's nothing like Houston. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or East Texas is a little more humid. Yeah. It seems like San Antonio is increasing in humidity over the years. Because I had lived in San Antonio for about twenty years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it just seemed like every year it just got more and more humid more and more humid. And here it's uh well it's right by the ocean. Uh-huh. But um it's not the same as Corpus. Corpus you get that humid salty feeling in the air. Uh-huh. <SEP> But here um well the water is extremely cold up here. You can lay on the beach all you want. But if you want to go wind suffering or diving or swimming you have to wear a wet suit. And a thick wet suit at that because it's just extremely cold. Uh-huh. And I. For some reason because of the cold uh ocean uh water the air is always cool. It's never humid or sticky or salty feeling. So I really like that about this area. And uh we just hadn't expected it. We were used to what uh gulf coast weather was like when we came here to Pacific coast weather. Yeah. <SEP> It's just completely different. And it's much nicer. Yeah. Probably the Pacific breezes make a lot of difference. Uh-huh. It does. And the air doesn't feel anything like it does along the gulf coast region. But you um. But we like it. So it's a nice change. So we'll be here a couple of years. And we thought well we'll take advantage of it and see what all the Pacific coast is like. That's nice. <SEP> So it's been good. Well my wife's originally from Virginia. And we lived there for about nine months. And that was a real change for me. Oh I imagine. Virginia I imagine gets real humid doesn't it? Um parts do. We we're over in the western edge in the mountains. <SEP> Oh. And they have of course some pretty severe storms Winter storms snow and that type of thing. Uh-huh. But they're so good about clearing the roads that you know it doesn't usually bother you very much. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Not like Texas where everything comes to a stand still. Yeah. Their Springs and Summers are pretty mild too. It never gets real real hot. Uh-huh. I'll have to try that out because I had heard that North Carolina was sort of like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I've just never really been in that region of the country. And I guess I'm going to have to try that area sometime and see what it's like. Because a lot of people that are from that North Carolina region really like it. And uh they get the snow. But they said it doesn't really get messy. And it doesn't really hang around that long. Yeah. So they the people I know that are from there uh they always miss it. And they want to go back. Nothing seems quite as good. But anyway. Well. Well as we were talking the weather came on. And there's a flash flood watch and more rain for the next three or four days. <SEP> Oh gee-whiz. Oh gosh. Well I hope it moves up this way. But I'm sure it won't. Yeah. Maybe we can send you some. <SEP> Yeah. Because we could sure use it. Well you think that takes care of the time and. I think that will do it. Okay. Well I sure appreciate hearing how things are going in Texas and uh. Well I enjoyed talking with you Lisa. <SEP> Yeah. Good luck to you. Uh-huh. You too. Okay. We'll see you. Bye. <SEP> Bye.