Okay. Hi Norma. Hi. Have you taken anything back lately uh that you've bought? <SEP> Well the only thing we've taken back recently are plants. Shrubbery that were guaranteed. Well why? And we had no problem with it. Very good. <SEP> We got our mo- got our money back. Good. Well wh- do you think that uh consumer goods goods are generally getting better or worse in quality? Well I believe they're better. I do too. I believe about ten years ago that we went through a terrible time. But I don't. I I believe that they're better now. You know wh-. <SEP> I think so. I don't think they're shoddy not as shoddy. Electrical appliances I think are pretty good r- reliable. However I didn't like it very well when the transmission went out on my car with sixty-three thousand miles on it. Right. And I don't like it very well if when my electric blanket that was only one year old went out at uh on one side. <SEP> Oh did you return it? No. I had moved away. No. Uh-huh. I had taken the first one back. I didn't think that it heated well enough. It never did get anything but just moderately warm. Took it back. And uh the people told me well that's the way it's supposed to be. And I fell for it. And uh when I got this one it did a lit- it heated a little bit warmer. And then after one year it started heating only on one side. <SEP> Huh. So either you or your husband can be warm but not both. Also I took an iron back after having it only one year. Oh. Now I figure th- uh anybody that is dumb enough to iron needs to have an iron that will last a long time. And one year of ironing only once a week is not long enough for it to last. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Did they replace it? Well without even any question. But I think it was the store. Uh-huh. Wal-Mart. <SEP> Wal-Mart. I was going to say it must have been Wal-Mart. Yes. And uh well have you been buying any clothes lately? Any new clothes? <SEP> I haven't bought any new clo-. Well the last thing I bought was a dress last Summer. And the buttons turned on it ove- over the winter. The buttons tarnished slightly. And I have not gone back about it. That was poor quality I think. I think it is too. And it was an expensive dress. I wondered if it weren't expensive. <SEP> Yes. It was. And they should have put buttons on it that would last forever. That's right. That's what I think too. And one belt loop the wo- uh you know like the chain link chain belt loop half of it raveled out. Yes. <SEP> And that was I believe a Leslie Faye dress. And it was I think over a hundred dollars. You spent that much on your dresses? Yeah. I don't usually. But I did that one. You're really divulging very personal information. <SEP> But I think it should have been better than that for that money is what I mean. Oh of course I do too. Well I believe that we've been talking about five minutes. Okay. I think so. And Norma it is just wonderful to talk to you. <SEP> Good talking to you too. I've enjoyed it. You are a good one to talk about consumer goods because you keep up on it all the time. Well we'll be talking to you later. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye bye.