Well what are your. Did you like do you use credit cards? Uh not very often. I usually uh. The ones we use is like Visa. And we always try to pay it back at the end of the month. Huh-uh. <SEP> I have uh uh. So it doesn't get uh uh the credit uh. Right. The interest rate is so high that you're really. If you're going to use credit cards you need to use that policy I think don't you? <SEP> Yeah. Otherwise you end up paying so much more for your merchandise that it's hardly uh it's not a very good idea. That's right. <SEP> Do you have a lot of credit cards? Well I have a lot of them. But I don't use them very much though. Right. I use them mostly for big things like maybe sometimes uh tuition if it's you know if I'm short to go ahead and get it and then try to get it saved back as quick as I can. The other thing I I think if you do get overextended a little bit you need to be sure and pay it off uh more than one at a time because I think you could run forever paying what they require. <SEP> Oh yeah. Just goes on and on. Which is what they want. Yeah. <SEP> I think a lot of people go in debt because they think oh you know I can just charge it. But really I mean if they don't have the money then they aren't going to have it in a month. So. Yeah. That's true. They uh make the mistake of pushing all their cards. There are times when it's when it's very useful like uh emergency trip or something. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Sometimes when you when you. The money will be available. But it's you know not immediately handy. I think uh they're very helpful plus the fact that it's helpful not to have to carry a lot of money sometimes. Right. But uh I you really do need to be very um oh responsible about it. Or you end up in deep trouble. <SEP> Yeah. I made that mistake when I first got a job. And that's kind of like. It took me quite a while to pay them off. Uh-huh. So af- after that I decided well I'm not going to use them at all and just try to pay cash for everything. And that worked for a while. And then we got married. So we decided to you know if we used them we would pay them off as we go. Right. <SEP> So. Right. That can be very handy under those kind of circumstances. The other thing about them is too if you really don't you really need to get some and use them because if you have never used them and developed and haven't developed a credit thing. It stops you from doing a lot of things. If you if you pay for everything by cash uh there is a lot of things that a lot of people who will not give you credit when you need something like a house or a car. Right. <SEP> That's true. Yeah. So so they they have become a very vital part of our of our monetary system over the last few years. Uh-huh. But uh it's true. You have to be very careful or you end up uh going in the deep end. And uh and an awful lot of people are in trouble. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have a boy living with us who works for a credit card uh company that. And he makes calls to people who have problems you know credit problems that are trying to work out. Huh-uh. And uh. Poor thing he comes home very depressed every night because the world has so many problems of that sort. <SEP> Oh. So it's it's uh it's uh it's a really big problem I think and um takes mature people to to treat it uh. Yeah. So that it's so that it's a real advantage to you instead of a disadvantage. <SEP> Right. I think um the way the tax system was they encouraged people to use credit cards you know with a big write off at the end of the year. Yeah. But now it's like it's punch money because. Right. It didn't do you any good now does it? <SEP> You can not. Right. You can not write off your interest. Even before it probably wasn't though because you didn't get anywhere near as much as what it you didn't get to claim anywhere near what you ended up paying. Yeah. So well I'm not. Other than that I don't have too much on credit cards. But. <SEP> It's good to talk to you. Yeah. You too. Thanks for calling. Uh-huh. Bye now. <SEP> Bye.