H-. Well Myrna how do you get your news news? Uh most of it is from the radio uh and also from the news programs that we watch in the afternoon. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. We usually watch the local news and the the uh national news both. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm pretty much the same. I uh I find that uh. I'm a graduate student. And I I read a lot for school. And I find I have no patience to really read a newspaper because I just I'm reading so much all the time. And I really enjoy just sitting down and watching a news broadcast. <SEP> Well you can always get up and leave that. Uh-huh. Tha- tha- yeah that's true. Uh I d- I just don't seem to have time to sit down and read the paper. Either. By the time I get home from work it's already you know time for the news to come on. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. So it's so much easier to sit there. And besides I can be doing other things and still listen to the news. Yeah. That's right. I I agree. That's. A lot of times I eat while I'm uh watching the news. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The same thing. Is there any uh. What did you think about the coverage like over in the uh Persian Gulf? I think they did a great job. Yeah. I thought so too. It was it you know. For a while when we were really interested uh we saw it all the time. Some of the stations I guess carried it for twenty-four hours for a couple of days there. And then you know the special reports and the extended news coverage I thought was really good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And you could always find some channel that had something on. But you didn't necessarily have to watch the same thing all the time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Just news. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I noticed that one thing that that T I did you know they had uh uh they used to have well they do have television monitors stationed throughout our buildings. Uh-huh. And they used to have a program called T News and just updates of of different things that were going on within T I. Well when all the the mess with uh uh in the Persian Gulf came about they started carrying C N N. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well now they have had so much good response from this that T I now has C N N on all the time. Uh-huh. Huh well that's great. <SEP> So we can always run upstairs and you know ca- get a quickie update on what's going on if we really want to. Uh-huh. Yeah. Or if yo- you have a break in the middle of the day you take a coffee break you can always stay informed. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's really good. That's um I've found that when I I don't have cable television anymore uh when I moved went back to graduate school I just didn't have the money to buy ge- rent a cable T V line or whatever you know. So I don't get C N N uh which was a big disappointment. I used to watch. That was my. If I wasn't home. I'm a college teacher. And sometimes I teach in the evening. So I'll miss the evening news. And uh you could always catch a good news program at eight o'clock or nine o'clock on C N N. I think that's that really has changed the way uh I look at the news. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. We don't get it either. We live out in the country. Uh-huh. And we just don't have it available out there where we are. But when we did have it uh we that's what we usually watched was C N N. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes we'd watch the weather stations. Yeah. That's uh same. Yeah. That's. When I had it I I watched it you know religiously for half an hour. And then you could go on you know to do what else you wanted to do. Yeah. Yeah. I find I I read very little. I don't even get a regular newspaper and uh because uh I I don't drive that much. I only live about a mile from where I go to school and work. I uh I find I spend so little time in the ra- in the car that I don't really listen to the radio you know. I don't. So. So television is my main new source. <SEP> Oh I get that too because I I'm in a van pool. Uh-huh. And I'm in the van you know uh two hours a day. An. Oh really. To commute to work? <SEP> Yes. Yes. Oh. And in the in the morning I try to sleep because it's it's dark thirty. <SEP> But in but in the afternoon uh I try to read. So I can can uh not pay attention to what our driver is doing. Yeah. I can. The van pools I know that. And I'm in the Baltimore Washington area. And I know they do van pool a lot here from some of the outer areas. But if you want a nicer home you know beyond the suburbs you know. I. That's necessary. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Are are you in Baltimore itself? I am I am right outside Baltimore. I am less than a mile from the Baltimore line. Um. And I go to a br- a campus of the University of Maryland that is just less than a mile from my house. So I I'm actually in Baltimore. Yeah. You could say I'm in Baltimore. <SEP> Yeah. I have two kids over there. Oh really. In Baltimore? U- well no. In in D C area. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. One works for the State Department. And uh uh the other one is uh uh her husband is in the m- Navy. And he's stationed at Bethesda. An. Uh-huh. Oh that's that's that's a really nice area Bethesda area. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's um it's funny. There's a big difference between Baltimore and Washington even though they're so close. There's only an hour less than that between the two. But there is a big difference in things like property values. And um the closer you get to Washingt- D C the more expensive it is. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um the the uh different slant. Washington it really is a uh uh an international city where Baltimore is hometown Baltimore. You know it there's really uh. Most people have relocated to the Washington area you know. Oh no. I'd I'd rather have Baltimore with the home town atmosphere. Yeah. That's. I I like it I like it a little bit better too. It's interesting though um to meet different populations. I I'm just now being uh from Pittsburgh originally. I'm just now meeting different populations like Chinese students and things. And I find that really interesting you know to imagine. Here is somebody that was in China le- two years ago when all that was going on in in uh Beijing. You know that that's an interesting uh interesting perspective. But I I really. Much much like the hometown area. Yeah. And I think that also goes. It's funny. You you can watch different news. I can watch Washington news or Baltimore news. And I really do watch Baltimore news. You know that really makes. I don't really bother with the Washington station because I just it's so far removed from what I'm interested in. <SEP> Well most of what they're talking about in Washington is is the crime problems that they're having there. Uh-huh. Yeah. They in fact they just it was just a big thing recently. They've had some terrible problems with Hispanics. Um they had to impose a curfew that uh in two of the areas in uh in the Washington suburbs. The mayor. They've gotten rid of that really bad mayor and then uh brought in. Uh-huh. I heard about that. Yeah. And then came a woman that's um. She's big in the Democratic party. So that's good. So she has good national ties. But she also was um something like a t- uh state auditor or something like that before this position. She was a state auditor. I guess she was an auditor general or something like that for the District of Columbia at Washington. And then she left that to get a position with the Democratic party. And now she ran for mayor. So she's uh fiscally she's pretty tight and uh she's cleaning house. An and it looks like hopefully she'll do a nice job uh for Washington you know which is. You sort of feel sorry for a lot of the people there. You know from what I pick up on the news uh it's a difficult process you know to get rid of a a bad mayor. <SEP> Yeah. Well I know both of my kids didn't want to live anywhere around the the downtown areas. Right. They both moved way out. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I think one of them lives in Germantown. And I can't remember where the other one lives. Yeah. But those are ni- Germantown is a nice area. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's a nice area. <SEP> It's means they have to drive a little bit. But. Yeah. Well they might be car pooling too. Do they car pool in? Are they driven by themselves. Uh well now I I think he carpools. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because he's got fairly regular hours since he came back. But uh now my daughter ha- they have probably been carpooling together in fact. Because she had been called back up active duty. Uh-huh. Yeah. And then she was supposed to have gotten out of active duty as of last Friday. So I haven't talked to them this weekend. I don't know what the situation is. But she was. Uh-huh. They didn't call you for Mother's Day? <SEP> We were gone. You weren't home? Uh d-. No. We weren't home. But she had she had le- called and left a message on our recorder. But I had that from all my kids except for one. Yeah. Oh that's good. <SEP> So. Well I guess we should stop now. Well I thank you for calling. I have enjoyed it. Uh-huh. Oh good. <SEP> I really do like this program because I get to talk to people from all over the United States. Yeah. Uh uh so do I. I've become very aware of different political views because some of the things we have to discuss are very politically motivated or whatever. I I really enjoyed it. It's it's so funny when you live in one part of the country you only see that perspective. It's interesting to see the the wider world. So I enjoy it. Hey thanks a lot and and bye. Thank you. Bye bye.