I think I get most of my news uh in headlines from the radio. And then I follow-up by reading the newspaper and news magazines about things that attract my attention. Well I I do about the same I guess but in a different fashion. I I I'm from New York originally. And now that I live in Florida. I live in the Florida in the winter and then go back up north in the in the summertime. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I feel that the the only legitimate paper although it might sound a little elitist is the NEW YORK TIMES. I've always read the NEW YORK TIMES when I was younger. And I try t-. Now that it has a national edition I read that. I also read uh I I I guess I do watch uh MCNEIL LEHRER on P B S because I I lean to that coverage. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and I guess I'm. I like them. But they take so long. I don't always have time. Yeah. <SEP> Well there. It's a whole hour show. Actually it's an hour show each evening. And and we we turn it on when we start dinner. We seem to start dinner around six and finish it up. Uh-huh. I find that I'm leaning on uh. I travel a great deal uh even overseas. And I find that I lean on uh C N N quite a bit for concise and quick stuff. And I'm I I'm quite satisfied with the way they put it out. I mean I I don't believe everything they say. But it's it's coverage you know. Yeah. I think C N N does a pretty good job. I had not watched them very much except when I was abroad until the Gulf War. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And they seemed to have the best coverage. They had more information sooner than most of the other networks. <SEP> Uh. Well yeah. I I I uh. Peter Arnet was reporting direct from uh Iraq. I think this is scandalous the way everybody's picking on him. Yeah. <SEP> I I think that what he he reported what he saw. Yeah. And if you didn't like it that was just too bad you know. Well uh I know that the coverage he was allowed to present was slanted. But I think they said that frequently enough. That uh you shouldn't criticize the man for giving us one perspective. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean uh. No. Uh. <SEP> That that's right I think so. And and I guess when it comes to um to magazines I don't read. I used to when I was younger. I subscribed to TIME and U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT. I I have seemed to slide away from that and rely more on the local paper. Or I I I also subscribe to something called WORLD PRESS which is a magazine that only talks about other ex- excerpts from the WORLD PRESS. Uh-huh. Which sort of gives you a different slant than. It's not as slanted as the NEW YORK TIMES or as biased perhaps as the local paper. Yeah. <SEP> But uh that I guess and the radio. Uh I listen to P B S radio a lot. And I also listen to uh these twenty-four hour news stations when I'm driving. I. Yeah. We have a C B S twenty-four hour station that I listen to on the way to and from work. Yeah. And. <SEP> Do you read. Are you from Southern or Northern California? Northern. I'm from uh the peninsula. So well. <SEP> Yeah. Is that what is that. Palo Alto. The San Francisco paper out there is uh the major paper? Well. <SEP> It's horrible. Yeah. And that's a terrible paper. The San Francisco paper is just wretched. <SEP> So I subscribe to the SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS. Is that pretty good? Palo Alto is about midway between. Well it's a whole lot better than that San Francisco paper. And. <SEP> Oh the what is that the CHRONICLE isn't it? Yeah. There's the CHRONICLE and the EXAMINER. Oh. But they're uh both run by the same peo-. <SEP> Oh yeah. They ju- they really are probably the worse papers I've ever read. I uh uh. They're just horrid. Yeah. So we read. <SEP> Well can you get the L A paper up there? That's a pretty decent paper isn't it. Or. Uh we can. But I don't like it. Yeah. So we subscribe to the NEW YORK TIMES and the WALL STREET JOURNAL and uh MERCURY NEWS. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's another one I read. I forgot that. I read the WALL STREET JOURNAL. Not as in depth as I used to because they their articles seem to be getting even longer and longer. But. Yes. Well again I read that uh two columns on the front. Yeah. <SEP> I I think I I agree with you that the problem seems to be they don't have enough time to do all the stuff. I feel pretty well versed in in what I'm doing because I I do spend more time on that than I do say on sports or although I watch that. Uh-huh. I spend a lot of time reading about these things. I'm quite interested. I find it very exciting to for the coverage we have now today. Yes. And I think we do get pretty good coverage. I don't feel that the American people is being shortchanged by the uh the news coverage. <SEP> If anything they I think they list-. We almost have too much. Well I don't know. I I hear a lot of criticism about listening to these the Dan Rathers of the world and and listen- and taking their word for it or their comment. Actually they I think they slant things. But. Well I can not stand Dan Rather. <SEP> I remember him when he was a local newscaster in Houston. No kidding !. Oh wow !. And I hated him then. <SEP> I didn't know that. Yeah? And I would not watch that man for money. Yeah. And he and Barbara Walters just really turn my stomach. <SEP> Yeah. Was was he. So I watch Peter Jennings and uh and Tom Brokaw. Sort of alternately. Yeah. <SEP> How do you feel about it? I guess I I got to say if that's the subject if the subject is do I feel that we're well enough equipped to. I don't know. If if it said that. I feel I'm well enough equipped. Do we get enough news or something like that? Yeah. To. Do we get uh do we get the news that we want? <SEP> Yeah. And I do. I really think. Yeah. I think I do too. I think you have to let yo- you got to segregate some of it. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's about all I have to say. Okay. Well nice to talk to you. Nice talking to you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.