Um what do you think the major cause of air pollution or at least in the Boston areas. Well the the the major cause it seems up here is exc-. I live right on the ocean. So it's kind of hard for me to tell what would happen if I lived in some of the valleys inland. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the major cause here and we always seem to and it seems to be validated by the press is the car pollution. We don't have too much industrial pollution. Yeah. Yeah. Uh car pollution seems to be the one and only thing that that I can really put my finger on here. Um that isn't the same in the Washington area because we don't have any major um industry except for uh government and services. And the the transportation situation is such that uh all the car pollution is is absolutely awful. Um also the worth of the hub of three airports. In this general area there is uh National Dulles and then uh Baltimore Washington. And it. Interestingly some of the information I've been reading indicates that the amount of air pollution from uh uh airplanes is extraordinary. <SEP> Is that so? Yeah. I didn't know that. And that's always something that you know you just don't real you don't think about. <SEP> Well most people talk about the noise pollution from airplanes rather than the air pollution. But the uh. Apparently the air pollution and the fact that it's delivered right up in high altitudes is a very significant factor. Yeah. <SEP> I would think so. You know uh i- I guess it talked about all types of pollution. I happen to r- just read something the other day at least in the Boston paper there were three things that that come to note. One is that the carbon fluorides that are uh being released into the atmosphere are causing even a larger hole in the southern hemisphere in the ozone layer. And again. And now they've located another one or la- rather an expanding one in the northern hemisphere. So car-. So I'm quite concerned. I don't think it's involved any longer with with uh hair sprays or those th-. Yeah. Yeah. No. I think it's now is what uh from what I understand it's air conditioning units. And and we certainly turned into an air conditioned society. Uh-huh. <SEP> Society has especially recently. <SEP> Yeah. I know in Florida there's no place you go that isn't air conditioned. And I do quite a bit of business in Washington. And. I mean you know what it's like here. Oh yeah. It's quite. Is is the un-. It's really out of the norm not to find something that isn't air conditioned. And. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I guess refrigerators are the same way. We just had the. They release that. That's right. So solutions to this would be. <SEP> Yeah. I I. Well. You know improved. Well I guess the fur- the to me the first thing is I wish society would get as upset about this as you do get getting people upset about animal rights. <SEP> Yeah. I mean this is so so basic. It's human rights in the sense. But uh in terms of demanding it's just not caused. But demanding that uh we can spend so much money on certain things but that research really be directed toward um improvement of polluting vehicles and not just cars but also buses um planes. That something can be done. I me- I can't imagine that well. Well I I th-. If we can't send people to the moon that we can't improve these things. <SEP> Yeah. No. I think that it can be done simply because uh uh we've we've. Every car now in America that's been produced for the past fifteen years has what they call a catalytic converter. Converter. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> And no lead gas was came to the pumps. And and that's been done. There's the lead pollution has that problem essentially I guess because it was at crisis proportions was was licked. Uh-huh. And I think that there are th- there are solutions. And that for buses. <SEP> Certainly we don't even need a need a research anymore. It's just a matter of passing the law. And passing the law depends on how heavy the car industry the automobile lobby is. That's right. Well and also to make it economically feasible. Uh and per- ti- also in buses. That's right. That's right. I don't know if you ever got caught in a traffic jam behind a bus. <SEP> Oh yeah well. That you know. That that the the smell is awful. And but you know I was reading the other day not to go on with this but that diesel fumes actually have less pollutants in them than gasoline fumes. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So I guess you're better off sitting behind a bus than a car although I can never I could never uh really a- a- rationalize that while I was sitting there. Yeah. But even of course in the longer term just to get away from fossil fuels. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I'm I'm thinking of research in that direction rather than. We we've taken the intermediate step. But I don't think fossil fuels are the answer. Well we you know. <SEP> Up here in New England uh where I've. Right close to where I live is the Seabrook Nucleus site which is practically a you know guerilla war up here went on for years. Uh-huh. Yes. I me-. <SEP> Uh my daughters marched in the uh uh against the Seabrook. And I kind of uh. My feelings were that we needed this bridge to to uh to m- m- jump from whatever it was going to be from fossil fuel to whatever it was going to be. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You don't throw the baby out with the bath water and condemning nuclear use. Yeah. <SEP> Un- unfortunately though I think the oil companies have lied to us for years. Yeah. Yeah. So we really don't know whether there's enough fossil fuel left. Or there isn't. And uh and uh. But with the pollution issue uh fossil fuel is not the way to go anyway. <SEP> No. Uh so you've to lo- you've got to look elsewhere. Yeah. So uh but it is something that's a little frightening. And in fact well I. Within our family we have said. My husband. I have two sons uh well. One is already in college in New England. <SEP> Yeah. And the other will be going in September. And we just feel that when we leave uh this area w- we're going north not south. Yes. Uh I like the mentality north. And I also like the fresher air up there. <SEP> That's right. So I mean that's the way we will be going. Yeah. But um so I i- I'd be interested in having spoken with somebody also from the far west on this issue to see how they their attitudes are. <SEP> Well since since Texas and Louisiana and uh California that in that ranking order the worst pollutants in America. Uh-huh. I mean I read that the other day. I mean Louisi- Louisiana for a small state w- it was amazing. But it's the industrial pollution I should imagine. Uh-huh. <SEP> And California seems to be taking steps. I mean you you read about the the fairly fairly stiff laws they put in on cars now they're they're enforcing. The smog and. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But uh again uh that didn't occur without a crisis. Nothing will occur I guess without a crisis. I mean even California was notorious for its smog years ago before it even was an issue out here. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> Exactly. Well the greatest thing that happened to pollution in the last couple of years as far as I'm concerned is the no smoking rules on airplanes and in restaurants. <SEP> And it it really is a pleasure for me although I guess smokers don't think that. But that to me was pollution. Well that that's that's person- that's personal air pollution. <SEP> That was its most personal personal uh pollution that I can think of. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Well I I d- definitely advance that. Well listen I enjoyed speaking with you. <SEP> Surely. And let's hope some there are other people that feel the same way. Something happen. Right on. Thank you. You're welcome. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.