Hi. My last uh auto repair was my my uh alternator went out. I have a nineteen eighty-six Toyota uh. It's a little Tercel. Uh-huh. And uh I have a fri- a friend who's real good with uh repairing cars. So I got him to take the alternator off and take it and uh you know get a replacement part. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we went to a uh a a place called Quality Auto Parts. An and their parts are supposed to be guaranteed and and everything. And they're they're uh very reasonable. So uh I bought the alternator. We p- put it on the car. And it it didn't work. And it blew out all the fuses. Oh no. Yeah. <SEP> How much was the alternator? Uh I bel- something like sixty-nine dollars som- something on that order. Did he did he hook up the wir- wiring wrong? No. He hooked it up right. It it was just that the the part just just didn't fit the car. So. I took it back. And uh he he took the alter- the guy in in the parts shop took the alternator. And he put it on the little thing he has in there to test them. And uh he said there was nothing wrong with the alternator. So we we went back and tried it again put it on again. And it still didn't work. And we took the car up to um a little place called Pep Boys. I don't know if you have them in your area. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh they're they're pretty reasonable uh car repair place also. So uh took it up there towed it up there because it you know wouldn't start or anything. And this thing just kept blowing out the fuses and uh took them about an an hour to um figure out what was what was blowing the fuse. And it was it was the alternator that was blowing the fuse. Anyway ended up taking it to the Toyota dealer. And the only problem was that uh it had to be a genuine Toyota uh alternator because most of the other ones that they say will fit it that that you know they sit in there and everything. But there's just some little difference that um causes it not to work an i-. Uh-huh. They probably built that in so they could make money. Ye- yeah. I guess so. And that was my that was my last experience. <SEP> Well I had a weird. There's a little sensing device uh in front of my uh um I'm not sure right in front of the f- fan. It's a it's an air conditioner sensing device. I don't know why. It actually. There's a metal piece that fits through the belts uh. And somehow that broke off. And uh I I still can't figure out how it broke. And uh anyway so a- this piece obviously um. I have a Subaru. And uh I think you can only get it through Subaru dealer etcetera. So. Uh-huh. Uh this little sensing device costed like sixty bucks. Goodness. Are you able. <SEP> And and I haven't had too many problems with my car. I got a eighty-eight Subaru G L X T. And it. Uh-huh. Uh and then you know just basic maintenance and oil changes. An I and I do not do my oil changes. And I will not do my oil changes. I've I think the first time I tried to do one and ended up um trying to ge- uh. Yo- borrowed somebody else's jack. And I did this. And I went and bought everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> So after buying the filter and all the oil you're looking at ten bucks at least or somewhere in there an and uh and then to go to the trouble that I figured it's easier spending eighteen bucks at Jiffy Lube. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So that that's um you know. As far as any maintenance on my car I I shy away from the oil changes. That's for sure. Uh-huh. Well my car is uh it's an eighty-six. And I really hadn't had any any trouble with it un- until that. And the car now has a hundred and thirty something thousand miles on it. And uh and this was just recent. So I really can't complain about this one. How did you put that many miles on it in four or five years? Um well I used I used to work uh. <SEP> It was a seventy mile trip everyday you know two ways was seventy miles. Oh a hundred and forty mile trip? No. It was it was just seventy miles. <SEP> Oh thirty-five miles each way. Yeah. Yeah. And uh I did that for about three years. And it really it really added up. I've only taken uh maybe two trips that were about four hours long dow- uh down to Shreveport. And uh the rest of it was you know it's just basically driving a long ways to work. And now I drive like twenty twenty-three miles each way. So I'm getting a little a little uh little relief. But still I drive a long ways. <SEP> Yeah. But I guess because they're highway miles you know it's not so bad on your car as as if it you know were just regular street you know. Uh-huh. Do you work for T I? Yes. I do. <SEP> Okay. Do you? I was going to ask you you know as far as how we're getting compensated for what we're doing right now um. I don't work for T I. And I'm just I get these green. I don't know what you want to call them fake point things. Points. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I just wondering how I go about getting the cash. Uh there's a number that you call. It's the same number that you that you call to make a call. <SEP> Oh okay. You you call that number. And and uh somehow or another they'll give you an option to leave a message. And you can leave a message. Okay. I know someone that did that. You leave a message. And they'll they'll call you back. <SEP> Okay. All right. Well that's good to know. I haven't been doing. Th- this is the first time I've been called in a long time. And I haven't been doing it. So. Oh really. And uh I've done it maybe twelve times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I don't know if I've done it quite that much. But uh mine is mixed up too. I have to call and get it fixed. Uh let's see before I had this car I had a um I bought an Audi five thousand. Uh-huh. But I bought it I bought it used. I I just bought it from a friend who was going to who just charged me what the dealer was going to give give him for it for a trade-in. And uh it had a whole lot of miles on it. I I figured maybe I'd get one or two years out of it. An I an I did get a couple of good years out of it. And the uh the engine messed up on me. And then I gave it to a guy to repair who works for the aut- for the Audi dealer. And uh he took the engine apart. And you know he just said he couldn't fix it. So the engine never got put back together again. <SEP> Huh oh well. I. I was driving a sixty-six Plymouth Fury. Wow. I think those old cars might might be a pretty good bet because you. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And Oh tha- that's when they made cars though. I don't know i-. This things was the body was in good condition. And you know it ran fine. It was starting to burn some oil. Uh-huh. Um. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um but I had to you know ge-. You know I after about thr- couple of months after I was out of college I finally splurged and bought my car. So. I read a book one time that said that the best cars were made before seventy-four. Yeah. Well you know these these cars made in the sixties and stuff. I mean the steel I mean the thickness. I mean i- those thin- they're just th-. You just don't see cars like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they last a long time. And they were simple too. The engines were simple and durable. And some people will still buy them you know. Yeah. They'll. Yeah. It's easy to it's easy I guess it's still easy to find engines for those cars engines and transmissions. And if you I guess if you keep trad- changing them out you can keep a car for a long time. Course I guess I could do the same thing with the the Toyota that I have. I just don't know how much they'll want to charge me to. <SEP> It almost costs so much to fix anything or do anything with it. You're just better off buying another car. Yeah. I guess so. But I just think they cost too much in the in the first place now a days.