Well I grew up out in the country and uh was used to having uh guns around the place. And uh I'm uh not for gun control in the strictest sense of the uh word. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I think I'm kind of bent towards middle liberal of the bridge myself. Yeah. <SEP> You know I have quite a collection myself. And you know I'm a good hunter. And I started hunting when I was twelve years old. Of course my parents made me take hunters safety classes. And you know I don't want to see them ban guns completely. Yeah. But I don't want them to completely turn loose of their controls either. So. Yeah. Well I I feel that its uh. I think the what was National Rifle Association uh had this bumper sticker a few years back if uh about if you outlaw guns. Only outlaws will have guns then. <SEP> I believe that. And I believe that too because the person that is wanting to commit a crime is going to find a way to get a gum a gu- a gun a knife a a rock a stick whatever it is to commit a crime with. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And it's the honest citizens like ourselves that are responsible about use of guns uh. We can handle it. But there's an element that can't. <SEP> Yeah. And it's you know it's got to the point now where even our our police departments and our D E A agents and everything have to carry automatic weapons. Because everybody that's in drug trafet- trafficking has got them. They have got them outgunned. You know. Yeah. So. There was a an article in the paper just this week where I think it's uh one of the gun companies I can't remember which was developing a ten metal ten millimeter automatic pistol for the F B I which would give them additional firepower. <SEP> Um. It had held like a fifteen shot clip which uh would be able th- they would be able to put down anything that came at them. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That would be. But you figure you got some drug guy out there that's got an Uzi machine gun uh a thirty-eight uh. Yeah. That's. Smith and Wesson revolver isn't going to do you much good. <SEP> No. It's sure not. Huh-uh. Yeah. I have lived in uh Illinois at one time. And they they passed a uh it wasn't really gun control. But it was you had to register as a gun owner. You didn't have to list your guns. Yeah. But you had to have this card. It was like a driver's license card that you had to have it in order to buy ammunition. <SEP> Um. And that was the first uh. This was twenty years ago. Yeah. But they had that so that they were trying to control it a little bit in that respect. <SEP> See in California they In California they make you register when you buy ammunition. Pardon? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> You have to sign a you know. They take your name and driver's license number hunter hunting license number and all that good stuff before you can buy any big ammunition. Especially for handguns. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Now rifles aren't too bad. But you know any kind of handgun at all if it will fit in a handgun and a rifle you would still have to buy it or sign up for it. <SEP> Yeah. So. We lived in Tennessee for awhile. And I bought a pistol there. And there was a fifteen day waiting period. You had to fill out an application and go down to the sheriff's office and get fingerprinted. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you had fifteen days while they checked to see if you had any kind of criminal record before that you could pick up the gun you were purchasing. Gee. <SEP> Gee that's not a bad idea. No. I think that uh you know a a waiting period uh can make a difference. Yeah. But again it's going to be the law abiding citizen that's going to comply with that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It is. So there's I don't think there's any way to control the criminal element as far as guns is concerned because. No. <SEP> Th- the only way they could do it I think would be to stiffen the penalties on anybody using a gun. Right. Right. You know I think if we kind of stiffen them up a little bit course i-. I I feel kind of weird about that anyway. I think if somebody shoots somebody they ought to be shot. Yeah. I'm. <SEP> So. We we're getting into capital punishment now. Yeah. But you know. But I I agree with you there that uh. <SEP> It would definitely be gun control. Yeah. The uh the again the purpose of gun control is to control how it is being used is what the purpose should be. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's not to keep people from buying a gun that need one for a specific purpose legal purpose but to keep the guy that's illegal from getting his hands on one. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm in favor of keeping the the illegal guy from getting one in his hands. But the legal person or lawful person should not be penalized because there is the criminal element. Myself. <SEP> Yeah. Well and the- they're actually a necessity in life you know. Oh yes. They're not you know. Not everybody needs a gun. But sooner or later I need one. You know whether I'm out hunting or you know. I'm never had to protect my life or. Yeah. <SEP> Well I did in the service but not you know not on the street. So I don't really need one in the in the aspects. You don't have to carry one in your car or your uh or your pocket all the time. No. Huh-uh. Yeah. <SEP> No. So mine are you know I use mine for recreation. Yeah. I don't. And I enjoyed my guns. Yeah. <SEP> I have a good time with them. So. Well I know what uh. I took my kids out and taught them out how to shoot a gun. My wife the same thing uh she knows how to shoot any weapon that we have no- not that I have an arsenal or anything. Yeah. But we have several guns around the house. One of these days my grandkids probably. <SEP> Probably. Yeah. But I think it's uh. You got to have have the pl-. Living in Dallas there's not that many places to go shoot. But uh still I think they ought to know how to use one and that it's not just a toy and that when it's not like on T V when someone gets shot uh they get back up. No. Huh-uh. If someone gets shot with a real gun they don't get back up. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I had to explain that to my. I've got a six year old now. And he you know. I have a fifteen year old and a seventeen year old well. They understand now. Yeah. <SEP> You know I've taken time to teach them. And now the young boy wants to know. And you know like I told him you're a little bit young for a gun. Let me go out here and you know we would start with the B B gun deal you know. Yeah. So he started with the B B gun and shot a couple of holes in a couple of windows. And I took it away from him. I said now you know so he's learning the hard way. <SEP> But at least it was a B B gun not a twenty-two or a four ten or something. So. I remember I had an old uncle up by Tulsa Oklahoma that took me out and uh showed me. This was it was not my it was my mother's uncle. This was a gentleman in his sixties. Um. And he took me out with him and uh single shot twenty-two and taught me how to shoot. <SEP> Uh-huh. We went squirrel hunting. And and uh he taught me how to shoot uh a old single shot twenty-two. All right. And I was probably about twelve at the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I thought that was the neatest thing. And of course Uncle Sam took me out took me hunting with him. Yeah. And he let me shoot and showed me how. <SEP> All right. I think there is a lot of responsibility on any of us gun owners to make sure that whoever is around us is at least safe and knows how to use one. Right. You know I don't want to get out there deer hunting and have some guy blow me away. So. Oh yeah. Well that's about all I. We agreed pretty well on this I think. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Okay. Well it's been real nice talking with you. All right. Have a good one. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.