Okay. Uh do you own a P C by the way? I'm guessing you probably do. I don't have one in my home here. My um parents have one. And they live just about three miles away. Oh. <SEP> So we use that one. I see. And my in-laws also have one. And they're almost as close. Right. <SEP> They're in Richardson. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And what kinds of things do you use it for when you us- when you go to their hous- houses to them? Um usually uh word processing something um such as oh forms for things uh. Yeah. <SEP> Also I have a nine year old that I've been home schooling for the last three years. Oh. And we got. Uh the one that my parents have is an Apple Two E. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I have a sister-in-law who is who works in the Fort Worth school district. Uh-huh. And so she got me copies of uh several of the Apple programs for school programs. Great. <SEP> Yeah. And so we use those. And there's some. Whenever we go over and visit grandma the kids love to play the computer game. So that's part of it. Oh sure. <SEP> Um my husband has used the one at his folks house for mostly business things. Uh his resume his uh letter. Yeah. He's been applying for jobs and things so that type of thing. Uh forms for his photography business and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I tell you once you get used to having them you you get spoiled really quickly. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. I'm uh. My father had a software company. Oh. <SEP> And they have a bunch of computers leftover from that. Uh-huh. And we're hoping that they can put together something for us here that we can have the word processing here. Yeah. <SEP> But um they're kind of old older. Right. So I'm not sure that we'll be able to do get too many other programs for it. Yeah. Yeah. Um I n- I'm a a writer by profession. And uh when when I was first here in in Dallas or in Plano um and was finally able to this is oh been like fourteen years ago we moved here. And I was finally able to afford a new typewriter and I got an I B M Selectric. I thought I had died and gone to heaven because I thought oh they're so wonderful. <SEP> Oh. I have one of those. Yeah. Well then um. <SEP> Mine's broke at the moment. But. Yeah. Ours really needs to have some work done on it. But but then my husband um worked at T I. And I got a um this has been years ago he doesn't work there anymore but he got a um uh the the T I professional and brought that home. And I learned Wordstar on that. Oh. And boy once that happened there was just no way that I could ever go back to doing anything of length of the typewriter. <SEP> Yeah. I learned I I learned Wordstar uh. I did some typing for my father when he had the company. Uh-huh. And so I learned that on there too. That was. Yeah. Have you ever used do you use WordPerfect ever? Have you ever used WordPerfect? Or. <SEP> I haven't. That's the one that my father. Well I guess I have used it once or twice. Uh-huh. Uh it's the one that's on my father-in-law's computer. Right. <SEP> He's got on I B M. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably where you've used it. And uh so that's the program that they're using there. Uh-huh. Yeah. Um. I have that on my uh computer here. And also um I do some work at U T D. And uh that's what they have there. And it was just so nice to be able just to step into the position and and already know the langu- you know already know the the software. And um I don't know from my own experience um. WordPerfect is just so much better than than Wordstar at least the version of Wordstar that I used to have. It may be improved by now. But. <SEP> That's what I've heard. Yeah. It's uh Wordstar was never very intuitive to me. I mean you know you. Some of the commands just had nothing to do with you know what you were supposed to be doing what they what they did on the com- computer. But uh. Uh-huh. I mean like going um forward and backward a word or up and down a line that sort of thing just you know didn't match with the kinds of keys you were using. <SEP> Yeah. You had to memorize it. Yeah. <SEP> And. And but WordPerfect is just a lot more intuitive in a lot of ways. And you and it does a lot of things too that if you if you do any kind of uh research or anything like that where you have to uh use footnotes it is just wonderful. Because it keeps track of all your footnotes. Oh. <SEP> Oh that's neat. Yeah. And if you add it if you put a footnote in in the middle you know if you come up with some new piece of documentation and you put that in the middle of your paper and have to footnote it you just change um it just automatically changes all your footnoting numbers for you. Oh how wonderful. So you know it's just. <SEP> That I had heard that that was better. That was a better one. Yeah. Yeah. And I think about how it used to be if you were doing a paper and you had to go back and retype everything. And oh it was just awful. So um I don't know I think we have just become really spoiled. But I think it's a nice kind of way to be spoiled. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I agree. So um well I have not really paid much attention because I. Clock. <SEP> Although I think we've probably been talking at least ten minutes. So um if you um unless you have some other things you want to talk about as having to do with P C -s. Not too much. What kind of what kind of things do you write? Well um I was a technical writer for many years um. <SEP> Oh. And my husband and I actually met in a computer company. Um I was a tech writer. And he was an engineer. And uh so I did tech writing for a number of years. Go talk to Daddy about it. <SEP> Excuse me. Oh sure. Go on and talk to Daddy about it. Tell Daddy I unplugged it for you. But you don't need to drag it down the hall. Got a problem huh? Um. <SEP> Daddy Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged. Oh. Trying to figure out what all that was about huh? Yeah. But um I have. Um that that was the majority of my writing although um I have also done oh free lance magazine writing and some educational writing. And um for a while I had a um uh a partnership with a in an advertising agency with another woman who is a an artist. So I did some advertising and P R. But. <SEP> Huh. Um now I'm actually I'm I'm not working anymore. I'm a student I'm a graduate student. So I'm doing a lot of writing. But uh now all of the sc- scholastic majors though. Yeah. I've done a little a lot of different kinds. But I I just know right now that I couldn't have put out half of what I did if that much without the being in computers. So that's been really great. And uh I'm so I'm real spoiled. <SEP> Yeah. I'm anxious some day to have one here. Yeah. I'm. And they just talked to the other day other day about setting something up again. So hopefully pretty soon we'll at least have the word processing. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> My nine year old I've decided to teach her how to type using the computer. Good. So. That's great. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I've. Well those are skills that she certainly w- is going to need early on. And you know the and it seems like it's getting earlier and earlier with the children. <SEP> That's right. So um I think that that would be a real a real uh advantage to to her to have that and uh do it early. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So. Uh do yo- d-. We've been we've been uh writing a story together. Oh neat. <SEP> And so I and I wanted her to put it into the computer and then print it out and make a book with it you know. Yes. Right. <SEP> Oh great. And so I decided well if she's going to do that it would be a whole lot easier if she could type. Right. <SEP> So we'll slowly learn just to type here and then then put the story in. That's great. Well that's a that's a skill that she can use for the rest of her life. So. Might as well start now huh? <SEP> Yes. Yes. I agree. Well Nola I have enjoyed talking with you thoroughly. This is really going to be fun I think. <SEP> Yeah. And um my husband is a ham radio operator. And I think about all the people that he talks to all over the.