Okay. Okay. So tell me about CHINA CRY. <SEP> Okay. CHINA CRY was basically the the true story written by this this lady who had uh was a native a native Chinese uh uh who was raised by Christian parents. Uh-huh. And her her time frame was prior to the nineteen forty-nine revolution. I see. <SEP> Although she herself had never really accepted Jesus or gone through any of the other uh Christian uh portions of of the faith repentance baptisms et cetera et cetera. She had always felt a very strong uh leaning in this direction. And whenever the cultural revolution of nineteen forty-nine occurred and most churches were either banned or their all the clergy and so forth were killed or or imprisoned or and the property confiscated she was safe because she had you know not officially joined the the Christian movement. Uh-huh. So anyway she as she grew up towards maturity her parents well. Her dad was a doctor. And and he was rather well you know rather well to do in the old regime. And the the Chin- the commu- the communist Chinese didn't like this at all. You know the bourgeoisie was was was definitely out of uh style then. Right. <SEP> Everybody was back to a commonality of one. And so they kept picking at him picking at his at her mother and uh finally uh started picking on her. And getting her to you know. Uh-huh. They were starting to uh accuse her of of of uh crimes and atrocities before the the revolution and and had her write her own story over and over and over. Uh and the uh the major point of the movie was that that she had uh married this this Chinese fellow and was with child when they started this mass court. Now I think I'm leaving out a portion. She gr- she went through college and graduated very high up in her class and had uh gotten a job as as an instructor. And they had her teaching or were starting to have her teach history for the soldiers. When the they decided that that she needed to start recanting of all of her pre uh regime crimes as it were. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Being a child you know. So they kept on and on at at her. And in the meantime she and her husband uh were ex- ex- were expecting a child their own child. And uh the the people kept harassing her over you know over a period of months. And finally they uh carried her uh out into the courtyard to to either really to shoot her or to go through the motions of of shooting her uh with by firing or you know executing her by firing squad. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh the Lord just said no. This is not going to happen even though this lady has not really you know. She's she's one of mine. She is not going to die. And uh the the soldiers were blinded when they shot. Huh. And she her life was spared. And this this frightened the the uh the commandant. And so he called this kind of stuff off and just put her in the labor camp. Huh. <SEP> Well uh and course here's this this woman who is heavy with child dragging rocks around. Huh. Well she she put in for going going to uh. And her husband had escaped to Hong Kong uh. And then she put in to go see him. And over time she uh uh. Finally through her perseverance and writing enough letters to enough different people embarrassed enough of the the middle uh bureauc- bureaucracy that they finally let her go. Huh. <SEP> And of course she had to walk. You know they they stripped her of everything practically besides the the clothes on her back. And uh so she so she went across the border to her husband and another and other child that they'd already had uh to freedom. Uh-huh. Oh. <SEP> And they knew that she wasn't going to come back. But yeah she did years later when the uh liberalization you know in real life liberalization of China happened. Uh-huh. And uh she was not persecuted or anything else like that. Huh. Interesting story. <SEP> Yes. It was. Uh very moving too. I uh I don't even remember seeing that advertised. And it was probably here and gone fairly quickly. Well it was within oh ninety days. Oh. That recent. <SEP> Yeah. No. I mean it's it was it was advertised over a period of about ninety days. Oh I see what you mean. But it wasn't. Uh they didn't have it in uh too awfully many movie houses. But it was it was in the. It had large uh uh uh press release. Uh-huh. Well uh I guess what I what I saw most recently and luckily I saw it only a week ago so I'd remember remember it well was uh sort of light by comparison. <SEP> Okay. Uh-huh. Uh my husband and I had this great desire to go see a comedy. And and uh we ended up going to see GREEN CARD. <SEP> GREEN CARD? GREEN CARD. Uh-huh. And uh he chose it. And uh it's got this wonderful French actor who's. It was his like his. And he's been a star in France and a wonderful actor who we've enjoyed for years. But he's never made an American film. This was his American film debut. <SEP> Oh I see. Uh-huh. And he speaks very broken English. And basically he played uh a Frenchman who married an American girl uh in a marriage of convenience so that he could get his green card which is what an alien needs to work in this country. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And uh because she could claim she was married she could get uh an apartment or a condominium in a very exclusive building in New York that had a garden an an an outside garden which is very unusual there. Uh-huh. So she was a horticulturist. And that was sort of her dream. <SEP> Oh I see. Uh-huh. Of course you know they got married. And they never saw each other again. Except except fate through them together. And the Immigration and national- Naturalization Service uh started investigating. So they had to get back together and get their stories straight. <SEP> And and she was a very svelte sophisticated urban New Yorker. Oh. And he was a a poor Frenchman who had grown up on the on the streets and sort of pulled himself up by his bootstraps and claimed to be a composer. But there was no proof whatsoever that he really was. <SEP> Uh-huh. He'd been working in a restaurant when they met. Uh-huh. And uh they had to learn all about each other basically in a in a weekend. <SEP> Just then. And uh it was. You knew what was going to happen of course. That they would fall in love. Uh-huh. Well they fell into like at any rate. And and when they went to the query or inquisition or whatever uh they did perfectly. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And then he said something because his English was so poor on for the most part. He he was so proud of himself for giving ex- all the correct answers that that on the last one he said oh I never remember that answer. And that clued the investigator that he had memorized a series of answers. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So uh.