Well we uh. Taxes. Everyone thinks taxes are too high I'm sure. But uh I think we do get quite a good value for the tax dollars we spend in most cases. What do you think? Uh yeah. I I think so. I I'm uh I think I'm I think I'm uh a little out of the ordinary in that that I I uh I think I'm more worried about the deficit the national deficit than than uh a lot of other people are and think that we need to we need to either raise our taxes or or cutback on something. And I don't know what to cutback on to to get to get that to get that settled. At this stage it's hard to tell. <SEP> And and uh and uh I know I'm a real a real uh out of it in terms of taxes. So I'm no- I'm uh think that the we really ought to seriously consider what an income tax might do that uh for Texas. And and. Well at this stage I think we've taxed property almost to the limit because like the the property taxes on the homes have reached the point that it's precluding people from being able to own a home because of the cost of the taxes on them. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I know. I live in Richardson. <SEP> Yeah. And it's up over two thousand dollars a year for taxes on my house. Yeah. Yeah. But now we're getting public services the schools the hospitals. And if it weren't for the taxes we're putting in there uh look what the schools could cost you. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm uh uh oh I. We'd when we moved to R- Richardson one of the reasons we chose it was for the uh for the schools. And and realizing that that that that quality of schools might well have higher taxes than other places but that we were willing to uh to go for that because we supported the. Yeah. Then again the the community college system here is excellent for the dollar spent. And the public colleges also the tuition has got to be among the lowest in the country. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Yeah. One of the. Uh I believe I don't know which one it is uh down there whether it's Hobby or uh the other ex-governor down there that are proposing doubling the tuition. Well if you double the tuition it would still be considerably less than the public school tuition in most other states. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's right. Yeah. That would provide uh possibly some relief there to utilize some of the property taxes for other things see. Yeah. The so-called sin taxes on liquor and the cigarettes and such as that generate a considerable amount. But I p- eventually I think you may tax people out of smoking even. <SEP> I I don't I don't know about that. I I. Yeah. Well I quit ten years ago. So I I couldn't afford to start again. <SEP> I see. Okay. No uh. Yeah. Well that that that would be true. That would be true. But. I know uh. My children would give up eating before they gave up their cigarettes I think. <SEP> Huh. But all the various taxing authorities that come through I think the one tax I resent the most though is the additional sales tax for DART which is probably never going to be in existence in my lifetime. Yeah. And and even if it is isn't going to uh uh provide you with any any services in that it's not doing to provide a route from your your home to a business for instance you know. Well this this is a thing. I think it's like uh back east. You had to start your public transportation when you started your cities. You can't come in afterward and really be successful or economical at it. If we had been like a Chicago or a New York City or Philadelphia or someone like that and had a public transportation system starting in the horse and buggy days and when land was cheap and uh construction costs were cheap you could afford it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But now digging tunnels under Central Expressway and things like that becomes cost prohibitive. <SEP> And. Yeah. And the other thing is that when it when it's the public transportation is established that early on then then the business uh business and residential patterns develop to take advantage of that. Absolutely. <SEP> Whereas in in uh in Dallas here we've we've got uh those patterns were well established before before we really tried to tried to do the DART. And uh for instance all the all the the uh office buildings and stuff that are out here in in uh north Dallas as opposed to downtown. Uh to try to to try to provide efficient transportation from everywhere around the the metroplex to to uh both those centers of of business plus everything else that's scattered around here and there as opposed to having a concentrated business area. You know like New York does. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just take like in Chicago where the people depend on the public transportation system to get them everywhere. <SEP> Yeah. New York. And some people don't even own a car and know how to drive a car. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. Someone made the analogy uh with Texans as being like the old cowboys and their horse. An old cowboy would jump on his horse to go across the street. Well most Texans will jump in their car to drive across the street. Yeah. And I'm just as guilty as anyone else. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I drive to work every day by myself uh without even even any thought of car pooling. Yeah. Right. And uh most people are that way. Because they're used to not having public transportation. <SEP> Yep. Yeah. So but I here again I think I resented where they were collecting the sales tax for five years before they turned a spade of dirt. So and doing all these studies and the things. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We saw about them traveling to San Francisco to see whether they wanted ten foot wide or twelve foot wide cars or something. <SEP> I felt that was a little uh wasteful use of the tax dollars that we were paying you know. A little bit much. Oh yeah. Yep. Yep. Oh the c-. Well that's about all I can say at this time. <SEP> Yeah. I th- I think so. I think that will probably do it. So. Okay. It's been real nice talking with you. Good enough. Bye. <SEP> Bye.