Hi Ed. Hi. Hi. <SEP> Uh books. I've actually I am reading a couple of different books uh. One wa- is uh a story. Well it is not a story. It is a collection of uh of memos supposedly written by Howard Hughes uh. Oh. That was uh that was. It came out a couple of years ago. And I have just now gotten around to reading it. I have had it a couple years. But uh jus- jus-. Who wrote that? <SEP> Oh I do not remember the man's name. He was used to be a reporter for uh I think the NEW YORK TIMES or the WASHINGTON POST one of the two. And he supposedly got this this s- story uh I mean this uh was contacted by this guy who had these these memos he wanted to sell. And they were they were ones that had supposedly been stolen from the uh corporate headquarters in uh in Los Angeles. Huh. They on. I think it was Romain Drive or Romain Street or something there in Los Angeles. They used to have a. Or I guess they still do uh. Had a uh uh big warehouse kind of thing which had offices. And it was sort of nondescript for a uh you know for the size of the company which inside was basically a store house of a bunch of stuff he collected. He he was uh a great collector of everything. He he he did not he did not throw anything away. And uh supposedly this guy had had been breaking there for awhi-. He was a like you know burglar had been breaking there awhile and uh And had ended up. I see. <SEP> He had some accomplices that were kind of suspect. And they uh they broke in one one night and found a bunch of memos that were uh supposedly from from Hughes to uh to his main uh main a- assistant back uh in the fifties and si- well I guess in the sixties up until his death. Well that is interesting. Right. <SEP> So it's pretty interesting work. So. That is an intriguing type of book to be reading and trying to keep up on things like that. Yeah. It's a it's a little it's a little hard. You have to plod through it. And you know it does not have a real story or any plot. Uh-huh. <SEP> You just kind of have to read and understand what is going on. And they have not made a movie of the week of it yet. No. I have not seen it. <SEP> But it's but it is it is real interesting. Yeah. Uh I also reading uh the uh thi-. It's a an old another old book that I happen to have. I am sort of rereading it. It's uh a book about uh the Bermuda Triangle. But it's uh it's about it's a real good book that a guy uh wrote who was uh a research librarian. He wrote uh sort of debunking many of the uh uh the stories about the uh Bermuda Triangle. You know. He he was thinking many many of the the myths many of the myths of the triangle were uh actually could be explained. Uh. <SEP> Explained. And you know. Uh and the rea- reason I was picked it back up was in light of all the uh Well when they found the uh the airplanes on the in the Atlantic thinking they were Flight Nineteen. And I don't know if you are familiar with that at all. But it's uh. Flight Nineteen was one of the uh was a a collection of a flight of five Navy adventures at the end of World War Two. Right after World War Two. And they were they were lost. And uh. Supposedly scooped up by the triangle. <SEP> Yeah. They were. Yeah. And so and in the book you know even. He wrote this book back in the seventies. And even and even then he he had a very good case for the fact they probably just got lost and they ditched in the water. And uh because he he mentions he he goes through and brings out points from the Navy's findings and so forth. And uh it's probably you know real close to what you know everyone is thinking now that they just got turned around and could not find their way back. Yeah. On that same topic have you ever read anything about you know the Amelia Earhart story whatever happened with her? <SEP> Uh no. I have not. I I think that would be. I am sure there is something out there uh. Yeah. I would I would like to too. Because it's a lot of things coming up here lately about her you know possibilities of he- of where she. I thought she was a prisoner of war or something for like ten years. <SEP> Uh. Well whatever this is one aspect of it. Yeah. Of course you know it is so weird. Cause no one will ever really know. It's it tha-. So but it's entertaining. And it makes you think about things. <SEP> Right. That is for sure. Yeah. So that is pretty much for right now. That is what I have been reading. Yeah. <SEP> I kind of like to read different stuff. And uh I like to read a novel every now and then. But uh I am trying to get away from just reading novels all the time. Right. Well I I guess I just have not read anyth-. I mean usually I just if I find a good book I will sit you know for two days until it is finished. If it's that good. Yeah. And I think the last one I read like that was Scott Thurow's. And that was PRESUMED INNOCENT. <SEP> Yes. And I just really really liked the way he writes. It's just incredible. Yeah. I read that too. I got it uh right after it came out. <SEP> My uh you know. Yeah. He was an an assistant district attorney in Chicago at uh and while he was writing the book. And uh my sister-in-law lives in Chicago. And she had before it actually got big she sent me this book saying you might like this. This guy is you know from here. Uh. <SEP> And uh I read it and really liked it. And then about. That is when it really got big. And uh so I. That was good I think. And and the other book I am trying to think you know like was in the last year. And I think I did read Tom Wolfe and VANITY uh. <SEP> BONFIRE OF THE VANITY. BON. Yeah. I have not read that although I have heard it is pretty good. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. I. That was really really good. The movie was nothing compared to the book. Yeah. That is what I have heard. And. Yeah. <SEP> I saw the movie. And uh. Oh the movie was a joke compared to. I mean because Tom Wolfe is so perceptive when it comes to you know pinpointing uh so- so- society's ills and things like that and just nailing people to the wall and exposing things. Yeah. <SEP> Right. And and so it was it was a much more intense book than the sort of flimflam that they cast off in the movie. Right. <SEP> I know. And anyway we are not talking about that. But uh gee I just I like to read gardening books and things like that. Just to tell me what to do with my garden. And uh And uh. Yeah. <SEP> I have a lot of uh uh computer books that. I am I do computer work. And so I have a lot of those. So I spend a lot of time looking through those not necessarily reading them but looking through them. Yeah. But I I'm interested in a lot of that. But uh I have got a lot of books that I I intend to read. But I have not been able to yet you know for one reason or another. Like what is a book on your list. You know I have a list too. And I have never gotten to it. <SEP> Oh gosh I do not I do not really have a list. Cause I just kind of uh I just have all the books out you know. I have book shelves. And I have them all out. And usually when I am through with one I will go in and uh uh uh look look through uh. I have one now and I I can not remember the name of it that I that I got is. The sister-in-law in Chicago usually sends me for my birthday or or Christmas or something will send me another another good book. And uh uh sh-. Oh. I have one. And I can not remember the name of it uh. It is supposed to be a mystery.