Does your family normally have a reunion? Do you have one. Well. That's been. <SEP> On my father's side we've really there uh. Uh-huh. On my mother's side we've had several. Not it's not really on a regular basis. Uh-huh. <SEP> But usually sometimes every few summers. Well all see all the family lives in once place except for a few of us are scattered about. Right. So they're pretty much just reunited always. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's it's just once in a while we get the special gathering with everyone together. Well it might be a good time for you to be- to to start a tradition. I know. That's. You could be responsible for that yourself. <SEP> Do that. That's true. Sure. How about your family? Well in my family let's see last October was the forty fifth annual uh reunion. <SEP> Wow. You're a pro at this. The first Sunday in October the Jordan family gets together. <SEP> Oh that's good. And all of the descendants of the Civil War I mean yeah the Civil War veterans come together. And they come as far away from California. And there's usually oh between a hundred and fifty and two hundred and fifty people. And then where do you meet? Uh there's a big community hall in Vernon Texas. <SEP> Okay. And uh that seems to be sort of a middle ground for all of the Texas family. Okay. Do you have relatives in Vernon then? Uh-huh. <SEP> Okay. Right. Uh-huh. A lot of the older family lives in Vernon. Right. Um all of his direct descendants descendants have now died. And the grandchildren are in their seventies and eighties. <SEP> Oh. So we're talking about second and third great children here. Right. Uh I take my boys well I took them up until this year. They're grown and gone from home now. <SEP> Oh. So they they take their family. Right. But uh let's see. That would make them grandfather great grandfather great great grandfather. Okay. So it would be the second great grandchild. And so they. <SEP> Okay. So this town hall that you meet in is that like a um. Well it's a community center it's a community hall. It's a great big open building that has a wonderful kitchen it in. Okay. And uh you just bring the covered dishes. Every every family brings a a dish of some kind. And you get all the wonderful old family recipes that have been handed down for years. <SEP> Potato salad and uh. Well we try to stay away from those things which might have uh salmonella in them. <SEP> Oh that's good. And we choose to bring congealed salad. You can bring a congealed vegetable salad as opposed to potato salad. Right. And we are very conscious of most of us are very conscious of of uh sanitation aspects whatever you've got to carry for any distance. <SEP> Right. I always take home baked bread. <SEP> Oh that's nice. Uh that happens to be my specialty for that family. I do other things very well. Right. But there are others in the family who do them better. <SEP> Do they always have the the one person in the family who knows or everyone thinks they know how to make this the best so that's what they get to cook. Uh-huh. Well that's good. Well I had a professor in anthropology at school who studied family reunions. So I learned a lot about them. I haven't been to a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we talked a lot about the the rituals. Uh-huh. You all equated the family reunions as with the Protestant. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was the Protestant version of the Catholic pilgrimage. Uh-huh. It was it was an interesting theory. She talked about the uh the Catholics. All it's a home centered you know it's all family centered anyway. So you usually are living where your parents live. And it's all. Your you don't have to come home. So the Catholics would make a pilgrimage in older Europe. But when the Protestant ethic happened in America there were people who ever went out and you know went away from the family to seek their fortune and then had to come back home for their reunion so that became their version of the pilgrimage. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. But she had. It was interesting you know. I don't know how valid it is. But she talked about that and how the the big picnic table was the symbolic communion of the people gathering together and um you know about the bread and the ritual placement. Do you have a a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every every year? Is there kind of a you know. Salads go first and things like that? Well it's uh. We have uh uh kind of a core group that that serves as quote officers of the organization. <SEP> Right. And they plan the reunions. The organize the you know who is going to see to it that the coffee pot gets there who's going to rent the tables who's going to see to it that the silverware gets turned back to the caterer. Uh and each year it's done a little bit differently because different people serve in those roles. Well that's pretty. We have a biographer who who continues every year to save clippings on any family member. And they're entered into a a wonderful uh scrap book. And pictures of new babies and new people who have been added and and obituaries to those who are gone. And it keeps the family alive even you know even though it's very fluid. <SEP> Sure does. That's wonderful. And they're very dedicated to that. And uh it's been really wonderful. It helps you hang onto your roots. Yeah. I wish we'd. And it helps you feel a strong sense of belonging. My husband on the other hand was not very close to his family. His family was very scattered and very diverse. <SEP> Right. And I asked him I got to talking to him. I said well how is his nephew doing. `` Well I don't know. I haven't talked to my brother in three years. ''. I said `` Well how's your brother doing? ''. `` I don't know. ''. Uh you know my son keeps in touch with him I think. But I don't. <SEP> Right. I said `` Hey wouldn't you like to know what's happening with these people? ''. `` Yeah. But I'm you know. It's too much trouble. ''. So I got busy got together and put a reunion together for his family. And succeeded in getting all of his brothers and sisters and all of their offspring but one to our place down at Lake Tawakoni. Wow. You're just uh. <SEP> Oh that's incredible. Liked to kill me because I ha- it was I didn't have that group cooperation. I did it by myself. Right. And uh nobody brought covered dishes. We had a great big fish fry. And you know I fixed a salad in a number three tub. <SEP> Right. And and uh it was an enormous task to bring all of those people together with just one or two people helping. And uh we had to provide sleeping arrangements for all of them. And I told him. Have you have you done this repetitively or just once? We did it that year. And then the following summer we did not have all of the family there. We sent invitations. We said `` Please let us know if you're coming. ''. It was when uh his mother his step father had died the year before. <SEP> Oh. And it. His mother was alone and so they came to support her. And then one by one his broth- you know his sisters he began to lose family members. See that's. We've we had a problem with that. And it was difficult to hold them together. And then of course he died two years ago. So you know that family has gone down to one brother and one sister now. <SEP> Oh. And uh it. I think that's what happens when they get scattered. The the family unit you know falls into disrepair. Right. That's our was our problem. <SEP> We had uh the first reunion or the first you know major reunion was probably six or seven years ago. Uh-huh. And then the second reunion people who maybe you know had sacrificed things to come to the first one thought oh well it's not that big a thing this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so it kind of wound down. Uh-huh. And then finally you know you're lucky to get you know you get the Shreveport relatives there but no one else. So that. Uh-huh. Well see we manage those people who are at that core group manage to keep keep the vigor alive. They'll send out news bulletins. Two or three times a year you'll get a news bull-. Hey guess who got you know elected to the legislature. Or guess who our local sheriff.