Well hi. I guess uh I'll just start by saying that we entertain with uh a gourmet club here. Um which means that we have like eight eight people four couples. Uh-huh. And most of the husbands. This is really peculiar. Most of the husbands cook. <SEP> Great. I mean the wives during the day you know get I guess so burned out on cooking whatever they have to cook every day. Um you know they don't really care about gourmet stuff. But it was the guys that got together and did all this. <SEP> Oh that's nice. And um like my husband just he really really likes to cook in terms of um oh barbecue. And I mean all guys I think like to barbecue. I think it's caveman. Right. Right. I'm telling you. But um he really does cook. And it's a good thing because you know you can't you can't knock that. <SEP> No. But all these other guys do too. And so we've gotten together. And we just do these really elaborate gourmet meals. And it's really really kind of a neat thing to do. You. <SEP> How often do you meet? Well we try. I mean because you know everybody is so active with their kids and all that. It's like you know if we can do it once every six months we're doing well. Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. So I mean we originally started out you know when we were younger and didn't have so much stuff going on with the kids. Um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Then we would we tried to do it every other month. Yeah. But lately it's just been once every six months. <SEP> Oh. Well that's much more reasonable. I was involved in a a club like that for um that you know where we tried to really do gourmet uh meals. Yeah. And uh we we were a little bit too frequent I think. Oh. <SEP> I don't remember if we were once a month. Or anyway it was it was difficult. By the time we went around it was uh four couples. So uh by the time we got around uh to each of us and it was time again we were almost tired you know. Um partly because um wh- gourmet cooking is not particularly conducive for regular dining. Really. Really. It's too rich. Oh it is absolutely. <SEP> And so i- we found that while we enjoyed the evening we regretted it the next day. Yeah. Um so uh we we kind of. And then one of the couples uh moved. And so we sort of didn't didn't continue it. But um and I must admit that as you say when your children start taking up your time then you you don't have as much time for uh regular entertaining. But um uh uh when when we entertain I usually try to find something that will be um kind of h- good for everybody. And that's that sometimes means you can't do gourmet because depending on who your guests are. Right. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well yeah. That's true. And we have a gourmet friend that can't stand fish. So I mean he can get within. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well one of my friends doesn't eat any cheese at all. Oh my. Uh so that's a real problem because so many dishes require cheese. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh well I take that back. Uh she can't eat some cream cheese. But that that really limits. It sure d-. Um. It makes you uh keep looking for recipes every time you have an eye out for something like. <SEP> Oh yeah. Right. Right. So we we try to keep all that in mind. But otherwise um I guess you know entertaining um. I I guess I have recipes. I um. But that's that's basically what we do is the gourmet. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you know they would be pretty elaborate. Yeah. Um but it's fun. I mean it took us four days to cook a stock and three days to make this stuff. <SEP> Oh wow. And you know you get all prepared. Yeah. But you're right. It's very very rich. And I'm glad we don't have it every. <SEP> Because it is it's a quite a treat. It really is. Yeah. Um. <SEP> Sounds wonderful. Right. But so you like food. And I just love the the community of food. I just think it's neat. Oh sure I do too. <SEP> Yeah. I just love sharing meals and and whatever you can do you know to do that. Right. I don't think you have to be you know more than hamburgers and hot dogs out in the backyard and the and the coleslaw and potato salad. <SEP> Right. Right. But but. <SEP> Sure. Well my um daughter is graduating uh Sunday. And so we're having a uh few people in Sunday afternoon. Oh. And I did a cop out on to it. I'm buying cold cuts. <SEP> Well I have to make a cake. What are you providing? And I have to make hors d'oeuvres. And I have to make dessert. So I figured for the main thing it's going to be sandwiches. Right. <SEP> Right. There you go. Uh so oh I'm buying the little tiny rolls and so on. But I can't do it you know working full-time. And it's just too much. I know. We're all not built like uh what what oh Martha Stewart you know. <SEP> Those people that try to do everything. Yeah. We all aren't Martha Stewart and have our coordinated glasses and tablecloths and and time to you know sh- t-. <SEP> Ugh. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah. Shot a video of the whole thing. I don't know. <SEP> Yeah. Right. But it's it's really kind of a neat thing. I get a kick out of it. I I really do. Everything all parts of the food. I mean I love to make things from scratch you know. Making breads. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And and you know people really pretty much appreciate it. Oh they do. I- it's very difficult to purchase um items that are as good as what you can make yourself. Oh I think so. <SEP> Um in spite of uh. Or if you if you do buy it it's extremely expensive. In fact uh I just got back from a shopping trip to purch- purchase the cold cuts. And I I bought turkey and pastrami and and barbecued ham at a an Amish market near here. Oh. And I've never been there before. And found that there's uh individual vendors. Oh. <SEP> And the foods are wonderful. And one of the uh the um vendors had cakes. All sorts of wonderful cakes. Uh they fresh str- strawberry cheesecake now and and so on. Oh. And it's like thirteen fifty for a whole strawberry cheesecake. Um which is really not such a bad price. I decided I I just couldn't quite make myself um buy it because I do make cheesecake. And somehow I didn't want to do that because it. There you go. <SEP> But I was very tempted because it looked wonderful. And the- they had black forest cherry cake and all those things. Oh. That ar- but those are homemade. They are not um commercial bakery made. And in that they are made in their homes um. So it it's kind of interesting uh. It's out there if you want to pay the price. But. Oh it is. I mean we have bakeries around here that you know you you just gain weight going by the door you know just like that. <SEP> Right. Just smelling the air. Yeah. Right. But I don't know. I guess some of the best things I've ever had um I some of them were just hors d'oeuvres you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Doing little hors d'oeuvre things that I have a kick making that I mean you know. Yeah. I get off on strange little details of food I guess. But um gee we have so much going on here because you know this is Dallas. <SEP> Yeah. This is the southwest. This is you know chips and Picante sauce and anything hot. Uh-huh. You know you can always make it hotter and and lots of stuff like that you know. <SEP> Right. So. That's um a really good party time eating all that hot food. Yeah. And and they just love it you know down here. It just just you know. <SEP> We like hot food too. So. All the stuff that goes with that. So. Right. You don't sound like you're from Texas originally though. Oh I'm not. Thank you for noticing. <SEP> I'm from Chicago. I thought I thought that there was a slight difference in accent. And how I got. <SEP> Really. And how I got to Texas by way of Virginia I'm and everything is a long story. Right. <SEP> But. <SEP> I'll bet. Yeah. Did um do you have a favorite hors d'oeuvre recipe that's easy. Or is it always complicat-. Well absolutely. I. In fact it just came to mind um. And this.