Okay uh. Do you have annual family reunions. Or. Uh yeah. Uh our. The. My mother's side of the family is quite large or well was quite large at one time. And uh they uh for as long as I can remember have had uh a yearly reunion um. Back uh early on they used to to rotate them from hou- from som- to to different people's houses in the family. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. All local. Were they like all in Dallas? Uh no no not no. This was well I am actually from Mississippi. And so that's. <SEP> Oh. It it was around there generally. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh that's where the family grew. <SEP> Just from city to city then. Yeah. And it was not only in Mississippi in some other places as well. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So. It was uh it was a big deal. But uh they tried to to centralize it in one spot. So in the past couple of years they had it at a state park every year. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We rent a pavilion and and do that. And that's usually works out to be pretty good. And uh they will rent a pavilion on a weekend. And uh. Do you go back? I have not gone back lately. In fact uh this past Sunday was the was the reunion. But I did not get to go. Uh I have. <SEP> Is it choice or just business. Or. Not getting to go. Uh-huh. Uh just uh the distance involved. And. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh just not. I have a younger daughter now. And uh I. It's kind of hard to get her get her there and everything. Uh-huh. But I am going to to uh hopefully next year get to go back cause uh a lot of the family has not uh on her side my mother's side has not seen you know my daughter. So. <SEP> Oh. Do you have brothers and sisters? I have one brother. So. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And is your mother still living? Yes. <SEP> Oh so so you go back and visit with her anyway. Would you not? Right. Yeah. I mean either way there was family reunion time or not. Right I I usually see her a couple times a year. <SEP> So that's no no big thing. But uh I uh I do I do enjoy the reunions. The only problem is that now uh originally when we had them uh they were mainly my mother's. Relatives. Right. Uh father's. My mother's father's family had quite a few uh brothers and sisters. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it was a large reunion of of of that group uh from that descendants. Uh-huh. And uh a lot of those people have. And at time you know they all knew one another. <SEP> Right. Right. And now it has gotten uh that uh a lot of those people are d- have uh have died off. Or you know what we are left with is the the relatives of of of that group. The next generation. Uh-huh. And so uh it's not quite as close as it used to be. So I think people feel less of a desire to really go. I know that. <SEP> Wh- why do you think that it's less close than it used to be? Well I I just think that uh you know at that ti-. When when they were a-. You know the those were all brothers and sisters a lot. And or they were all in the same ar- geographical location. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You know back around you know in the twenties and thirties when they were growing up uh you know they were all located together in one small community. <SEP> Right. Right. Right. And as as time grew I mean when time went on the family grew and moved away and so forth. And now when they come together it's it's generally you know. Like say the kids of those people who are not you know anywhere near one another and I do not think they feel the the closeness that they used to be there. Which is a shame. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that's just how it is. My mother was complaining last year about th- you know. It's dwindling down every year. You know that's just I think that's just. Is that just family's lack of priority anymore maybe yes. <SEP> We get so involved in our work lives and just social lives and so forth. Well yeah. Yeah. That's uh. Yeah. I think that's some of it. But you know I have. Uh I I. It's just the way you know I think society is now is that we are not we do not have the extensive family we used to. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's more of a you know a smaller smaller unit. And you know we we tend to try to do things I think with our immediate family as opposed to the extended family. Of people that we may or may not remember or know you know very well. Right. Right. Uh. <SEP> It really makes an effort on to do this anymore. Right. It requires a lot of effort to to to do that sort of thing. <SEP> Right. Right. I mean I I used to enjoy going. I mean I still do kind of enjoy it. But uh it's it does not it's not as many people there that I really really enjoy seeing. Right. Right. You know I. It's going just for the sake of getting together. I think for the family. And. <SEP> Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that's in that group? On a regular basis not just Christmas cards. Uh. Um um no. Not really. Tha- in that. But then again uh well I you know I have some aunts that uh I I I do. That's about th-. My mother's sisters you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But I feel closer to them because I kind of grew up with them. But But uh as you know for the rest of that group no not really. Right. Uh you know and and generally when I was growing up a lot of those people the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion. So uh. <SEP> Right. Right. You do not really feel that that really close to them. Right. In my my uh father's family we get together every year at a different location either Dallas or Oklahoma City. They had chosen Santa Barbara California for this summer and and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far because most of us live either in the midwest or like in the Texas Oklahoma area. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh so they cancelled that one and uh are looking next year bringing it back closer. But we have a letter a family letter that circulates. Uh-huh. And it usually goes through me twice a year. And what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that's on the bottom and put the your new letter on the top. And then that's the way it's kept in order. And then about twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion you do not feel like I do not know anything about this person. You have read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth. That's a good idea. <SEP> So you are kind of half way acquainted that way. Right. And that that's been a that's been a nice way of keeping us all aware of each other I think. Yeah. <SEP> Right. We tried to start that in my husband's family. His mother's side decided they were going to have a reunion a couple of years ago. And I said well let's start this letter. And it just never. My husband's sisters started it and sent it to us. And that's as far as it got. I sent it on to the next one. Yeah. <SEP> And and but we are going in a couple of weeks to the next one in Scottsdale Arizona for that family. Uh-huh. We are real glad we got together because since that that time there were only like two of the one sister and one sister-in-law of the original family left. And the sister-in-law died. And the sister is in a nursing home. So we are glad that we took that opportunity two years ago.