Well this is the season for vacations. And uh I guess for places I like to go I enjoy going to the beach and having having outdoor being outdoors somewhere. Someplace that's very different than Texas. Right. And I. As far as maybe maybe as the summer heat comes along I would sort of like going somewhere where it's not so hot. And being able to be outside enjoy outsor- outside activities. So. <SEP> Yeah. Enjoy going places where. I enjoy playing tennis. So I like to have a tennis court there. Or or if it's at the beach the beach is great. A pool is great. And I. Where where do you usually go? Oh well let's see. We have plans this year to drive up to the uh to Colorado. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we will be going to Estes Park and Colorado Springs. So. Uh-huh. One year we went to the southwest corner of Colorado into Durango and north of the area there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I. Boy that's a nice a nice place to visit. It's really nice at. There's a nice nice train ride that goes up to the city of Silverton where they used to do a lot of silver mining. Right. And uh and then actually north north of that is another town and a smaller on a smaller scale I guess than Silverton. But I and then there's lots and lots of real of mountains that are covered with uh boulders. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I guess people Jeep through that area. And we did not have a chance to do that. But I sure would like to go back there and do that again. Right. We are uh we have not had a vacation in several years. So be our first chance in awhile uh. We are going to go to uh Destin Florida which is a very nice beach area if you are not familiar with it. I have not been. But I have heard it's wonderful. <SEP> Oh it's it's gorgeous. Uh we used to go quite a bit uh before I moved out here. We were closer and uh used to go almost every summer uh and rent a condo there on the beach. Uh there's quite a few uh there's a lot of development of of condominiums there on the beach front. Right. And uh so they have uh they are very very large condos. And they have quite a few rooms and uh so we we will usually rent one for about a week or so. And. Right. And the beach is nice. <SEP> Go down. Oh. The beach is really nice isn't it. <SEP> Yes. It's uh it's beautiful white sand and very clear blue green water and a lot of nice waves usually uh. Oh. Sea shells. <SEP> Enough enough to make it. I am sorry. Sea shells. Uh there's not as many sea shells along there uh. That's the only thing that they really do not. They have some but not not so much. Yeah. <SEP> Um if you go further down uh you will usually find some but not right in there. Uh I do not know why it is. But uh it just. It seems not it seems not to have as many there right there. But uh we we enjoy it uh. It's. The place where we stay is we usually stay at the same place every year. And they are like I say right on the beach. So. Oh where do you stay? My husband always wants to go to Destin. We just have not gone that direction yet. It's a place called Jetty East uh J E T T Y E A S T. And it's uh called that because it's at the very end of uh a jetty there which is uh sort of at the end of this little little point. Okay. <SEP> And uh it's a at the very end. It's the last set of condominiums there. And it's uh it's very nice. Uh. It's not very expensive uh. You can. I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids. And uh they have a we have a uh I think it's three bedroom or two bedroom uh condominium which will sleep I do not know quite a few about six or eight. And uh cause it's got you know pull out couches and all that. Right. And uh I think it's going to cost us per couple about three hundred dollars for the week. Oh. That's nice. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. Because uh the uh you know it has got its own kitchen full size kitchen and everything. Great. And this one I think has two baths. And it's. The one we got is on the on the beach side. So. Oh nice. <SEP> We have got a beautiful view and balcony. And uh just. You know it's really a nice stay. Uh. In fact we stayed there on our honeymoon. We I had won a trip to the Bahamas but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time. So we instead went there uh and loved it just as much as as if we had gone to the Bahamas. We in fact we stayed an extra day or so because we liked. Oh. The uh the particular ro- uh uh uh suite we had gotten was very nice. And so we decided to stay. Great. <SEP> Oh. But uh it's a pretty nice place. You will need to try to go and stay there sometime. Well we have just we have just. <SEP> It's a little far from here. But uh. Are you driving? <SEP> Yeah. We are. We are. It will take uh a day and a half to get there probably. Oh. So. Well we are. The neighborhood that we live they are switching to an alternate calendar this year. So it. Starting well starting at the end of July we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family. So I. Uh what does what does that mean alternate? Well it's. What it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. And uh in and in the summer would be more like a two month two month break. <SEP> Right. So and they hope to boost the they hope to boost the learning of the children. Just the retention of the material for them. I see. So uh. <SEP> Kind of scattering the vacation out throughout the year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's. So anyway so maybe maybe within a year we will see how that falls. <SEP> Right. We will head for we will head for Florida maybe in somewhat of an off season instead of summer. Right. So uh. <SEP> Okay. Well that's probably ne- all we need to do today. Okay. Alright. <SEP> So long. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.