All right. Why don't you go ahead first and tell what kind of car you'd look for in your next. I think our next car I would like something like a an economy car that gets really good mileage and uh one that's really reliable. I would I think probably not a a brand new car. But maybe something like a Nissan Sentra. Or something like that uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Something my husband. And of course it has to have air-conditioning. Oh absolutely. Air-conditioning and a radio uh A M F M and a cassette player. And uh what else do I want. Does it have to be a special color? <SEP> Uh I would think kind of a subdued color would be nice. You know a a navy blue or a. It sounds like something your husband would drive right? <SEP> Yeah. That's what it would be for is for him to drive back and forth to work. Yes. Well I don't think we're looking for another car right now because we just bought one. But when we were looking we were looking for something that had enough seat belts of course. And we wanted air-conditioning and a five speed. And that was kind of iffy. But that made it better economically. So. I think that's something we might want too is some kind of standard transmission at least rather than automatic. Yeah. <SEP> We'll probably have to look for another second car sometime. And we'd look for about what you're looking for. S- but probably real cheap too. It wouldn't be a used used car. So but no. I think we would want one that even though it was a compact car or whatever that it would still be nice enough that uh you could take someone in it and not be embarrassed. Uh-huh. Would you like four doors. Or doesn't really matter. <SEP> Prob- well probably probably that would be a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. It it's hard for people to get in with a two door sometimes. That's right. So if we wanted it to take people out it's that's a good thought. <SEP> I. That hadn't crossed my mind. It would be fun just to win one wouldn't it? Yes. I would go for that. That would be great. All right. Well I think that's all that we need to say. <SEP> Well thank you for calling. All right. We'll talk to you later. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.