All right. And and your occupation is teaching? I'm a I'm a substitute teacher. Substitute teacher. <SEP> Is is this Pat I'm talking to now? Yes. It is it is. Yeah. I'm a substitute teacher in I believe the same school system we both work in. Right. Well I was just trying to make an introduction here. <SEP> Oh okay. But oh and and I haven't told you I'm going to be at a different school this year now. Oh. I've just gotten a another job at an elementary library at Barron. <SEP> Well I bet you're you're you may dress differently then for that. Right. I. Well not really. I've got the every day I've got to uh read to kindergartners. So I'm going to be down on the floor with them. I've got about forty kindergartners I'm going to be doing working with every day for uh you know a half hour. So I'll be I'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because I'm I'm if I'm going to be down on the floor messing with them I'm not going to wear nylons and you know nice nylons and dresses. Well What I wear sometimes depends on on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in since I'm a sub and have different rooms to go to. And always carry a sweater. <SEP> Right. Well of course you've been at Clark enough that you know it's always cold. <SEP> Yes. But you don't know uh I guess at some of the other schools you go to unless you've been there. No. You try to layer so you can add or or or take off. Subtract. <SEP> Right. And it's it's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual uh. I I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools. That's one of things one of the things I ask about you know whether whether she would allow slacks. And she said she doesn't have a problem with that. She just didn't like sloppy dressing. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and I said well you know that was okay. And I'm. Basically I just you know I wear slacks year round except every about once a week I try to wear a skirt. And and in the winter you know I just add a maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer. And add a heavier jacket or you know wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer. Uh-huh. That's about. I don't I don't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and you know look really. <SEP> Right. And well for me sometimes they even have dress up days. Or they you know have have spirit week that that you wear your different outfits. Yeah. And you have to have the color for that particular school if you if you choose to participate in spirit week. Right. <SEP> And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some sort of hat. And you never know that though sometimes when you're going in do you? <SEP> No. But because I sort of stick to several schools uh I'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and and might might remember to do it. Right. Right. And then many schools on a particular day during uh I guess football season maybe all year long they wear the school colors for uh game day which. Right. <SEP> On what Thursd- Thursday. Right. It might be Thursday for the high schools. And it may be Friday for the senior high schools. Right. Right. So that would kind of give you a a clue I guess. And and sometimes you get the long term stuff. So you're aware ahead of time of what's going on. <SEP> Yeah. That. So that's. And I don't know you know. I I think about well the dress code they have for the kids you know. Are. They put one on the parents or the teachers and say they have to the men have to wear ties. And there can be no blue jeans worn. And because some of the teachers I know wear uh dress up jeans not sloppy looking jeans but tapered jeans that they've had dry cleaned so they have got the crease. Uh-huh. And uh you know they'll wear it with a nice top. And and uh I don't know that that looks that bad. But if you're going to tell the kids they c- have to dress up I guess you can tell the teachers that too. <SEP> Yeah. It it. I see that the. I think the elementary school teachers or maybe even the middle school teachers dress a little fancier than than some of the high school teachers I think. Uh-huh. But it I think it varies it it just so much. Anything anything can go. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you can see in some of the departments in some of the schools like history at Clark they're all pretty fancy. But they're just sort of into clothes. And then there's other departments that aren't. Right. Right. Right. <SEP> And they'll just wear your common ordinary you know whatever you might might say. Yeah. There's a couple teachers up there that that do dress up more than others. <SEP> Right. Right. And so you try to maybe follow those if you know you're going there. You don't want to dress too tacky because you're going to be in the same room with them. Right. Well and you always. Course it's a standing joke you know when the when the men come in in a a tie and a suit coat you say you know what have you got a job interview today. Or there there's There's usually yeah there's usually something going on that that uh and would would uh cause that to happen. <SEP> Or you're going to be observed. <SEP> Yeah. And I I don't know how a coach would feel if that teaches health or Eng- you know English or whatever that they had to wear a tie. I. Some of those male coaches that might really. Right. They go around in their little coaching shorts or parachute pants. Right. And a T-shirt. <SEP> Right. That I didn't ever understand. I mean we've got coaches that teach health for five periods and then have athletics sixth period. So. Yeah. Well at Vines the coaches don't do that. Whether. <SEP> They they dress pretty good I would say. And then they go to their coaching. And they they put their shorts on there. Change then. Well see that's what I would think. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's what I would think. But they they don't look you know they don't wear their sweat pants or or anything. They're they dress like any other teacher would in in a classroom situation not in P E. Right. <SEP> Course we had had one coach one period he'd teach P E and the next period Health and then a period of P E. Those I can understand. And and that's hard. <SEP> Yeah. You know so he just left warm-ups on. But but uh no. I think really probably they could they could uh really. And I don't know if if they put make uniforms the thing for the kids. I guess the teachers will have to follow suit with a dark skirt and a white top. And. I don't think we'll ever get to that. You don't think so. <SEP> No. I don't think. I think we're going the opposite direction. It's the parochial schools that I guess many ti-. They've had uniforms for years. I r- don't really know if they still do. Well some of them yes they do. And and it's not at some of the private schools. It certainly makes it easier to dress. But even there's a couple public schools in Dallas where where the kids wear uniforms and the teachers you know dress in accordance with that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well it's certainly cheaper and easier in the long run I think that you don't have to be concerned about your wardrobe. Uh-huh. Well I I think it would make a difference at school. I I don't think we should be spending time saying somebody's wearing torn clothing or wearing sh- too shorts too short. Or they've got the really short skirt and the black nylons and the high you know. I mean it's a lot of trouble to to take care of that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course the kids say then why bother just let me wear what I want. And and yet we can't to that either. I'd like to see them go to to not necessarily a uniform but saying that they've got to wear a button down shirt. You know. That would that would alleviate any T-shirts with sayings on them. But if they could wear a button-down shirt and a pair of dark slacks and they could buy them anywhere they wanted. And. Yeah. But I doubt that that would come ab- that that will come about. And then the girls. <SEP> Just. Right. Yeah. I I. I don't. No. Not in Plano. <SEP> No. Not. They may get a-. Yeah. But they said in the Dallas schools that that helps their educational process there. <SEP> Well I think it does. It it takes their minds off of of trying to compete. Highland Park's thinking about going that route. Uh-huh. So it. And then I think that's going to push teachers to dress a lot more professionally than they do. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't think a lot of teachers are very professional. But. Yeah. I agree with you on.