Okay. Well let's see. Well we keep our paper paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and glass and uh plastics. And uh we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full. I guess we collect m- milk cartons and whatever p- other plastics are acceptable. Are you in the part of town where uh they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling? No. No. I didn't think that anybody had those at all yet. <SEP> Well maybe they don't. I I know that was supposed to be in May. And I couldn't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were. Right. Well no. I haven't seen any. So I I thought that it all had all been delayed several times. So I have no idea what they look like. And I'm kind of anxious to see them. Yeah. Th- That's going to be interesting because it's uh we've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is uh. <SEP> I look at our big green containers. And I say well they work fine. And I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors. But it's clearly a place where uh uh. Oh right. It will be interesting to see how well that works. And I am I'm glad the community is doing it. Uh it's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people. Uh I don't know if where you grew up in your what you saw back uh years ago. But for me the thing that strikes me is I uh growing up in rural South Dakota where hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that uh in the fifties uh you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass. Right. <SEP> Right. And you got a nickel or dime which in that time was a lot of money when you returned them. Pop bottles all had a deposit on them. Oh. <SEP> Oh of course. That they did. You know actually we had milk delivered to our house in glass bottles. Oh. And we had a milk shoot at the side of the house. <SEP> Uh-huh. You could just leave the milkman a note on what you needed. Yeah. And so you just put the empty ones back out there. And he took them away and put you know put another gallon of glass glass bottle in there. <SEP> Yeah. So uh yeah. So uh you know I look back at at uh my childhood. And I'd say you know they were doing things then that we should be doing now. And so it doesn't bother me at all that we're we're uh kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this uh throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies. Right. Right. It would be nice it would be nice to see it take a good turn here. It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away. So I hope that this time it it stays. Just To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing. <SEP> Yeah. So uh you know we when we go dump actually when we go dump our things oh we collect newspapers too and then take them. Seems like there's a pretty well there's a p- pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics. Uh-huh. So that's kind of encouraging. I didn't know you know I didn't know if we started to do that. I didn't know what to expect. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'll have to say I'm I'm the only one I'm good at at this point is the newspaper. Uh taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans uh getting rid of those. Right. But on the plastic I have uh I don't have any habits there yet. And I'm guess I'm waiting for the city to to push me in that direction. But But it just seems like on the larger scale that you know the we always talk about in our society is that economic strife things. Well I guess they will shortly. I uh. <SEP> And I think if uh if we just start to put you know the nickel deposit on things like uh was the case years ago that uh it would have more immediate effect uh than. Because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money. Oh right. And it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window. And so outside my little town we would uh go out and look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Do you know I saw in Tom Thumb yesterday I saw the return to the uh the small Coke bottles. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not. I. Well that's interesting because. They're back to glass you're saying? They were glass they were the glass uh. Well let's see. They'd be I don't know maybe ten ounce or six ounce or ten ounce. Sort of a small size sort of a small size and and we anyway we just we didn't stop and look them look at them a long time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But and they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down you know uh sort of sort of a basket type thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. The carton. The paper carton. <SEP> Right. Right. So I hadn't seen that in a long time. Yeah. Well I mean the. You really look and say a lot of the things we need to do we were doing. And we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons the wood uh racks which now basically you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold uh twenty-four bottles. And and uh uh I'm not really say going back to good old days. But certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now. Yeah. Yeah. Well. <SEP> Well it will be interesting to see how over the next year this all works out because like on the uh grass I'm I know your husband uh doesn't really like the paper sacks. No. He doesn't like the paper sacks. And uh but he but you know he likes to pick the grass up too. He doesn't Doesn't. Yeah. <SEP> I'm the I'm the same way because otherwise uh. Oh I'm I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal uh Neal's a person who says I like to pick it up. But I don't believe in throwing it into the uh the landfill. So I have my compost pile. But most of us don't have the uh sufficient lot size to uh to do that. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh so I'm glad the city's willing to take that on. That's nice. I guess they dump it the same place. I wonder where they dump that. Well there's someplace you know. If it's. Because really when I look at what my grass does in in actually about twenty-four hours uh knowing what the farmers do in rural areas they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally uh composts or stores. And uh so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it. And it will naturally decompose uh. So you just have to kind of keep in separated. And then uh who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into. But it's certainly usable material. Yeah. Yeah. Well they must they must keep it separate if they have this date in. <SEP> Uh-huh. They have this day now that it's you know separate from the other trash pick up. Right. But I the thing I don't understand about that is like when. It's one thing to send grass there. But I've trimmed trees and other things which uh end up being something that clearly won't decompose nearly as rapidly. No.