Okay. Well I guess I enjoy eating out um uh here and there. Or it's it's a good change and a good change from cooking and eating at home. And I guess I like a variety of a variety of restaurants. Uh-huh. Uh sometimes it's fun to go out and just have a hamburger and french fries and and sort of a hamburger and french fry meal. And sometimes it's I enjoy it's I enjoy going out having a formal meal. <SEP> Yes. And uh sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad. Uh-huh. Something you know. <SEP> Do you usually go out uh with the children or without them? Well a variety. I I like to go sometimes without them. And sometimes I sometimes it's okay to take them along. So. <SEP> Right. Sometimes I think we pay the baby-sitter as much as paying for their dinner or lunches. Yes. So uh it just you know it just varies. We do a mix. Sometimes it's really nice to be able to go out and eat with just my husband. And it wouldn't even really matter which restaurant it was just to you know have a moment of peace and quiet without little ones at the table. <SEP> Yes. Yes. So uh I guess I guess actually on those those times uh we even there are times I even say oh please don't sit us next to a table with other children. <SEP> Well. This is our night out. So but uh anyway where do you like to eat? <SEP> Uh well uh we don't have any children. So uh we tend to like to try all sorts of different things. And uh we're very attracted to exotic food. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh we like Indian food and Thai cuisine and uh sort of gourmet Mexican and uh things like that as well as Tex-Mex and Italian and uh Chinese and things and and things of that sort. Now yes. Of course we like to occasionally go out and get down and dirty with barbecue or hamburgers or something like that too. Right. And uh we probably go out one to two times a week. Right. <SEP> And uh uh we're pretty much regulars at an Italian local Italian restaurant. Oh which one do you like? Momo's. Oh okay. Well it's been a long time since we've been in there. But uh but it's good. There's an Italian restaurant over over by the mall over by uh Plano Parkway there. Pas-. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh is it Campari's or something? I've heard about it. I haven't been in there. Well it's good. I haven't my husband had been in there several times. And we went in there actually we went in there for lunch one day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh their pastas were great. Tha- that's one of the things a good pasta means a lot to me. I I like different kinds of food. So when we go out I'm always looking for something other than the standard menu even if it's a Mexican Restaurant like something other than uh you know the standard tacos enchiladas tamales and fajitas now. <SEP> You're brave. Yes. Yes. And once in a while things backfire. I mean we've gone for Romanian food and Lebanese food and things like that. Oh God. <SEP> And I'm not fond of some of those things. But we'll try we'll try anything. Right. Ethiopian we've had Ethiopian. And uh not in Plano of course. No. I don't think so. <SEP> But we really we really do enjoy going out. And uh and um I'm pretty adventurous in cooking too which also occasionally backfires. Oh well. Even though traditional it can backfire. Yeah. I think we're supposed to say what will bring us back to a restaurant or or what attracts us to a restaurant. How do you usually find a a new restaurant? Uh well my husband's kind of the eth- he he's the ethnic fan. So he's. I don't know. You know what we read we read the uh D MAGAZINE. <SEP> Uh-huh. So do we. We we check that and uh the Friday section in the newspaper the pull out section there. Uh-huh. They often do ratings of restaurants. So. <SEP> Right. Uh we've uh we've usually we often save those and ventured out on from there uh just for something that had a high rating. Uh-huh. We have found uh a number of restaurants either through D and the Friday paper and sometimes the the OBSERVER. Which my husband usually picks up. And also through coupons. <SEP> Okay. When a new restaurant opens up they usually send out coupons. That's That's right. <SEP> And you know when they say you know buy one get one free. It's hard to resist. <SEP> So we'll go in. And very often we'll find a place that we like. And we'll stick with it. Once they give they no longer give coupons. We'll we'll uh we'll stay there. Oh good. Oh good. <SEP> But we've found probably half of our sort of regular restaurants through coupons and the other half through the through the newspaper reviews. Oh. Oh yeah. We I guess we we use the coupons too. That's true. That's true. <SEP> I mean it's wonderful particularly if you have more than two people and you've got say four or something like that. It's very expensive to go out to eat. Oh right. Right. So yeah. That that is really one of our. It's almost a hobby with us. Well I think that it's just that's ex-. <SEP> Sometimes I think going out to eat it's it's sort of a recreation. Yes. So uh just a just a change of pace from uh eating at home. <SEP> Yes. So uh anyway. I guess uh as far as as far as service when we go out gosh it's nice it's nice to have someone come and wait the table. And clear the table and. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh absolutely. <SEP> And do the dishes. Yeah. And do the dishes. And uh actually it's kind of nice to you know. I always. Uh a waitress or waiter that waits the table it's nice that they're attentive. But it's not nice when they're too attentive. Oh yes. So uh we've had experience with that too. So. <SEP> M- m- m- my sister who also lives here in Dallas uh tends to uh chat with waiters and waitresses and become their best friends during the course of dinner which drives me absolutely batty. Oh yeah. Well how we. But. It may it may help their tip may not huh. <SEP> What's your favorite restaurant? Gosh I guess just in Plano I Plano I like to go to Souper Salads. Uh-huh. Uh Chili's Chili's is always fine. <SEP> Sure. I guess if we go to Dallas into Dallas we like uh the Routh is it Routh Street Cafe. You know we've never been there. Well well you would like it. <SEP> And that's supposed to be wonderful. Um. You'd like it especially it you're adventuresome. <SEP> Uh-huh. It just we've we've taken people there several times. And uh they have a good they have a good choice of things that are very different sounding. I guess it's whether you call it Southwestern. But uh oh we had venison venison chili one time. Which was absolutely wonderful. Ooh. And then I guess it must be seasonal. And we've been back. Oh I guess it's in the winter season. Well they've never had it when we've been back. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. But uh well you ought to try that. It's it's it's very good. I would probably like that. One or two times in my life I've ever had venison I've loved it. But you know just it's just not. I don't know people who hunt. So. <SEP> Uh. No. That's that's supposed to be a wonderful place. W- uh uh uh here in Plano well we tend to go to Momo's a l- fairly often. And uh sometimes we'll go you know. We we also go to Chili's and uh Colter's Bar B Q. And and uh we go to lil- there is a little Thai place that's over on Park that we go to. My husband particularly likes that. We go into Dallas a lot and because we're both were from the Richardson North Dallas area up until fairly recently. <SEP> And uh we'll go down to uh Blue Mesa Grill Mexican food. And. Oh that's good. Yes. I've been there.