-ing seems to be a a topic that's going to probably take about a generation to uh catch on it seems or maybe a generation to two. And we may have to do it out of necessity as far as moving that time schedule up. Uh it does seem to be a lot of habits to break. I uh wasn't raised as a kid on it. But my kids are. And so they they tended to want to grab the aluminum cans when that was one of the first things to do. And we were doing all right there until uh the price dropped out. And they weren't worth anything anymore. Uh-huh. And we. It took us almost a year to get a garbage sack full. We just don't drink that many. So as far as at home use uh we'll pick up a six pack every once in a while or for whatever occasion of Doctor Pepper or something. And and by the time we gathered up enough crushed cans to take it in uh. At the time it was still oh about forty or fifty cents a pound. And we came out with about a dollar. It just really wasn't worth it. <SEP> And a lot of hassle all year round. And cans laying. Yeah. Yeah. So they they realized you know. Well of course to them a dollar was a dollar at four and five years old. That wasn't uh that was a big deal. But we decided it wasn't worth us keeping it. And then uh T I started keeping up with uh cans there. So occasionally I'll bring whatever I've got laying around the car or the like and throw them in there. Least it gets back into the system. But as far as a habit at the house uh I haven't started on anything other than just whatever the city wants to pick up. Have you all got the individual containers yet? <SEP> No. I read in the paper this week where maybe. I don't know if it w- was. I guess maybe this week someone may start getting them if the truck that picks them up is outfitted in time. Um. But it it should be starting I would stay probably in the next month if if everything goes that. I'm not sure all what we're going to have to do whether we have three separate containers. I really don't understand that part on what they've told you to separate everything. Right. Yeah. It seemed like uh. If if I recall it's been a long time. They're way behind schedule on that particular part of it. They were fine on the green big green containers. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh seems like they said they were just going to have a bin. And all different types would go in there. And then that they would sort it as as needed. Oh. It it seemed that there was. At the time anyway it the thinking was that there was too much not getting sorted properly and that at at the collection sites where everything's clearly labeled and people that happen to go to that kind of trouble to do it happen to do it pretty well. Uh those are okay to have the general public doing the sorting. But when it comes down to just general purpose trash that all the houses uh. The success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor. So they felt that having one guy just sit there and run through it real quick was better than than having a household try it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I I don't know. That sounds like an awful lot of labor to sort the entire week's worth of trash for a house. Well it would get messy too. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I I know other places when they recycle they have to like wash out their glass jars and whatnot. And uh which we're not in the habit of doing. Right. That's true. <SEP> I was brought up uh you know long time ago that they didn't even have cans. They had bottles. And you'd return them to the the grocery store. Right. And you'd get our money back. And that that was all well and good. They don't seem to still be doing that. If they could just eliminate the cans and use glass. But I guess this day and age they don't. Yeah. <SEP> They don't do that. We live next to a set of railroad tracks. And it seemed to be a very popular thing for people driving by that highway there by our tracks to throw the bottles at the tracks and try to crash you know break them. Uh-huh. But uh they weren't that successful. So there were a lot of bottles to be returned. And we just walk about a half a mile in each direction and gathered up enough to buy whatever we wanted for the day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. Yeah. And they uh p-. I I think kids don't appreciate maybe the value of money that it's so little that they don't care. They can get more somewhere else. Yeah. Just a little bit of begging will. <SEP> Uh for a good. Right. They're. The nickels the dimes or what I suppose it might be quarters fifty cent pieces in these days that they would get they the kids just don't seem to to care that that much about a small amount of money. Right. Well I wonder. But we we did buy a can crusher. And we are crushing cans. And when we buy the soda when it's on sale for ninety-nine cents. So I would say in the last three years we've probably used a lot more cans than ever before. Yeah. <SEP> Uh it was just easier to do that than to open a large liter bottle and then have it go flat. Right. Yeah. So that's the main reason we're we sort of are into cans at this point rather than the liter bottles. Where do you take your cans? <SEP> Well as you say it takes a while to build it up. Since we've had the crusher all summer we I guess we just now maybe have a bag full that we haven't ta- oh. I think the kids when we were on vacation they said they did take them to a a recycling place probably at one of the li-.