So have you done any painting projects lately? Yeah. This is a great topic for me because I just did my first two painting projects ever. <SEP> Oh really? Was not not a big deal. What kind of painting was it? <SEP> Two little deals. The first one um. I helped someone repaint an apartment. And it was very easy. Uh-huh. It was it? <SEP> Yeah. And I've never painted anyth-. I always thought it would be. So you know you'd have to hire someone if you needed to paint inside your house or something. Yeah. But I know I can do it. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And the second one was I bought some toys at a um at a craft fair. Uh-huh. They're unfinished wooden book ends and stuff for a little girl for Christmas. And so I decided to paint them. And that wasn't as easy as painting the apartment. Oh well what kind of paint did you use for the um bookends? <SEP> Well it's uh it that's half the problem right there is that it wasn't it was a oil base. So I had to get. And when I painted them I didn't realize that we didn't have any turpentine or paint thinner or anything in the house. So I had it had it all over my hands. At first I didn't realize you know. I had never painted anything. So I didn't realize that I needed that. Uh-huh. I mean I kind of knew in the back of my mind. So you can't use oil on wood? <SEP> Well no. You can use it on wood. But I just had it all over my hands. And I went to wash the brushes out and uh wash my hands. And you can't wash it off with water. You have to get the uh a solution. And. Oh so you had to go around with paint all over you temporarily anyway. Yeah. I had to drive to the store. <SEP> Yeah. I had to drive to the store with paper towels all over my hands to go buy some paint thinner and and everything like that. Oh. And then um downstairs in the apartment I just us- we just used a latex base. And so you can drip it on you know. If you dripped it on something as long as you wiped it up it was real easy to clean. Oh is is that what you usually use in the house is latex? <SEP> Yeah. And and it it just like. Um. The same with the toys. It's just important to look for one that doesn't have lead in it you know. It says Safe for Children and all that. Uh-huh. Yeah. I heard about that. I guess a friend of mine had a uh well. She she just started up a day care center. And uh the one of the real strict uh restrictions was the fact that she had to have a special kind of paint that was fire proof and lead free and all that other good stuff. <SEP> Yeah. So uh she had that done. But uh. Have you painted anything recently. Well um so to speak I had to paint this uh the inside of this warehouse thing that you keep some um farm equipment in. <SEP> Wow was it huge? Uh-huh. And um what I had to do is just coat this bare wood with a sealer. And uh I had this big five gallon jug. And it was like paint thinner. I mean I you know it looked just like it was the viscosity of paint thinner. <SEP> Yeah. But uh you just took a roller and put it on there. And uh if you saw that the wood was getting wet you know that was that was all you needed. So. Wow. Yeah. It was. It used all of it. I guess it was about three hundred yards worth. So. Well I guess it worked out. It was pretty easy actually. <SEP> Yeah. I think though um we're lucky that we didn't have to do any detail work because I don't know if I could you know. I don't know. I don't know. Must be difficult. Well what about the trim in your house? Did you have to do that? <SEP> No. It was j- it was really easy. I just like what. We had a couple of different size brushes you know real easy. Uh-huh. I went around the trim. And if it. And there was wall paper. Like I was do just doing just the trim outs that around the doors and windows. And there was wall paper. And if we got it on the wall paper a little bit we just wipe it right away before it dried. Uh-huh. <SEP> It came right off. Oh yeah. So there was no major mistakes. There was. Did you have uh one coat or two? <SEP> Uh two actually. Uh-huh. Um and it. There was um. You know around the windows if you got it on the glass we let it dry and scraped it after that. But that. Yeah. That would be really time uh a time saver. <SEP> Well yeah. If you just you know. We didn't tape anything. We weren't that careful. But it wasn't you know. I don't know it's it's funny. It's like if you just go slow you don't get or at least I didn't get that many mistakes. Uh-huh. <SEP> I didn't make that many mistakes. Oh me I would have had to have taped the whole thing and then brushed around the edges. And and then I'd have probably rolled it on. I'd it would have taken me forever. Why? Just because you'd be afraid to do it or have you done it before. Yeah. Well the first time it'd probably would have taken me forever. So. <SEP> Well it wasn't. If it was my own I would have. But my friend said oh just go ahead you just go ahead it's easy. I said Okay it's your place. Well how long did it take you all? <SEP> Well a couple of week ends. We would go down two or three hours on the weekends. Uh-huh. And. So there was two of you all? <SEP> No. There was they were doing all sorts of repairs. And there was I was just painting because I don't know how to do anything else. Well that's easy enough. So there's a whole bunch of people. Um. <SEP> So now I feel like if I ever buy a house I can probably paint if nothing else. I think I could probably do it uh as long as the hardware store told me what to buy then I could do it. Yeah. <SEP> But you know I went in to a hardware store to get paint for those toys. And the guy said Oh get this it's a nice shiny gloss which was true. But I didn't realize what you know pain it is to clean the brushes and everything if you don't have latex. I don't if. It's worth the shine. Uh-huh.