Is uh kind of fun. It's best done when you have leisure time. And I had more of that in my childhood days than I have now. And I grew up in an area that uh was just a few feet from a rather large lake and a few more miles from that was a even larger lake. And we had a variety of boats at our disposal. Uh. I worked for a camp for a number of years. My father was on staff there. And we had every kind of things from canoes to paddle boats sailboats speedboats. You name it they had it. And we did a lot of watering water sports. But I think uh the thing I liked the best was uh we spent about a summer. Couple of guys uh restored an old wooden boat that was built back in the mid-thirties and got a new canvas sail for it and had a real h- big old four- foot center board that went down in the middle to keep you upright when the waves. Or the wind came from the side. And we got that thing in the water and had a real good time with it. If you ever got it dumped over though it was a mess to get back up. It wasn't like the newer ones that have nice chambers that keep it afloat or keep it uh upright again. This one you had to work with. You get out of the water again and get it upright. And uh sailing was was kind of nice to learn the maneuvers you had to make to work your way down a lake or work back up against the the wind as it were tacking back and forth. And uh more than once we'd get out there on a really stormy day. And uh the storm or the wind was due to the front blowing. And as soon as the front came over it was calm. So you're out in the middle of nowhere with a paddle. And you paddle your way back in and hope it doesn't start raining on you right away. And that didn't always work. We oftentimes got wet. But uh it's it's a nice nice hobby to have. Nowadays I don't think I could afford the boat or the time nor do we live that close to a lake anymore. So things change I guess. What are your memories of boating. Or current. Uh about the only memories that I have of boating uh. My husband's family had a a motor boat uh when we got engaged. And they took us out on the lake several times. And uh I really did enjoy that. I I don't know that I ever learned to drive it or anything. But uh we did some water skiing of course and and uh driving around the lake in the boat and and just the basic safety rules and things I found real interesting. Uh you know. They they just didn't patrol you like they did with the automobile or whatever. The the laws were there. And if you didn't obey them uh you know there were a lot of accidents I guess. Right. <SEP> That's true. But uh I found the motor boating was real fun. Yeah. I remember learning how to ski oh. I guess I was seven or eight years old. And the lake that we learned on was the smaller of the two that we had access to. And it was maybe fifteen twenty acres. And it was uh it had a lot of uh turtles in it. And I got all ready to go. And I was down in the water and and set to go. And uh and just as that boat took off a turtle bit me in the middle of the back. <SEP> Oh. It didn't hurt too much. But it bit enough to where I let go. And the boat went off without me. And I reached back there and s- pushed him away and got out of the water a a while. And and uh it didn't even leave a mark. It was just a little nibble. And so I told everybody what happened. And they go oh yeah sure you know. And so I get back down in there. And and I'll be if he didn't do it again. This time a little earlier and and I had let go before then and before they took off this time and and swatted him away. So I moved over a a few feet in the water and got out of his little realm where he was living underneath the dock and uh managed to get up. Didn't go very far. But I got up. And it it was a nice uh nice long skiing career. But now I've gotten to where skiing is just kind of wears me out more than it does thrill me. I've I've uh done about all I dare do on skis. You know skiing on one and jumping around here and there. And I I I know how you can get injured doing much more than that. And I just can't risk it right now being a head of the family and the breadwinner and all that. Just uh can't take the risk I did as a dumb teenager I guess. So life just changes a little bit in that respect. I'd kind of like someday to maybe end up on a pair of skis that that doesn't have a uh well. What they call trick skis. They'll allow you to ski backwards. I haven't cr- managed to get a hold on that uh craft yet. But uh. <SEP> That sounds like a real challenge. Yeah. It it would be kind of nice. I hadn't quite figured out. I don't have anybody to teach me either. That's another little thing. You need somebody to kind of tell you what to do. But just from what I've seen you just kind of work your way up to it and turn around real quick you know. Grab the rope behind you and then just let go real quick and let it whip you around. Uh-huh. But uh I don't know. Maybe someday I'll I'll get back to that as after the kids are up and grown and the monies are there to get away for times on end weekend or something. <SEP> Well my son.