Okay. Uh well since I initiated the call I guess I'll start off first. Uh number one I have absolutely no problem with random testing. Uh. I spend an awful lot of time traveling on the job. And I feel I would be very comfortable if they would do drug testing for particularly airline pilots and the such. I'd feel much more comfortable than I do now based on what I've been hearing in the newspapers. So I really don't have a problem with it. Yeah. Uh. I don't either. I uh I've never. I don't work at home right now. I stay home with my children. Uh but my husband works. And they do have that at his place of employment. And neither of us have a problem with it. We've particularly like you said with the things that the airlines and and such. It's uh it's a scary thing to know that uh you just don't know what people are doing uh before they go to work. Uh-huh. <SEP> So and the the advertisements on television lately have been so uh. There have been so many. You know. There's uh. Yeah. Just about. Like train tr- train wrecks and things like that that. I feel like. Probably just for our own safety when we're traveling and things that would be something I'd like to know that's going on. Yeah. I well I happen to be uh. My job is I'm supervisor of personnel safety for the world's largest paint company. So I. It's very near and dear to me when we start talking about drug testing for random sampling and testing for cause this type of thing. And even in our field we have people that are in very high risk jobs. And we at the present time do not have random testing. <SEP> Um. And I am pushing towards that. I I honestly feel if people have nothing to hide they shouldn't have a problem with it. Right. And if they are trying to hide something then I have to know that because we're t- we're talking major liabilities. Not only with themselves but with other employees. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I really you know. They they're talking about sports and sports personalities and all this stuff that I I would much much prefer having doctors and airline pilots tested on a random basis. Yeah. I I have a real fear. But that at some point something's going to happen. And they're showing it with AIDS. So why you know. They sh- they ought to start doing something with the drugs. So I really have no problem with it. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's it's unfortunate I think that everyone doesn't have that opinion. Uh some people just uh I've heard some people just talking in our group of friends that they just feel it's an invasion of privacy and things like that. But uh in the long run it seems to me it's kind of like what they keep talking about the uh the AIDS testing with doctors or dentists and things and how that you know. Uh-huh. They feel that's not fair and whatever. But you know those kind of things I'd like to know myself. Yes. <SEP> It wouldn't be. In my opinion. I I've had a lot of dental work done. And the last dentist didn't even use gloves at all. So. Oh really? That kind of. Yeah. And uh so that kind of thing really kind of concerns me. Well that scares me because if th- that's the way they are. I. If I were a dentist I'd want to be protected too. <SEP> Well you would think so. Uh-huh. That is because well. And I worked for a dentist. And that's uh you know. You you come in contact with a lot of of blood and things like that. And it's real real dangerous. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I would think. But with all the accidents just with with uh everything happening with. Just. Airlines just drive me crazy. People are afraid to fly now. You know just because of they don't know what their pilot's been doing and and things like that. Right. And. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know. Well you where you're located I I do know Texas Instruments has random drug testing. Uh-huh. And I think they've had it for several years. And their program they had I don't think had a lot of uh problems associated with it. But uh my brother-in-law happens to work there. And it it sounded very positive. And I I think it's great. I I would like I would encourage it. I'm pushing our company towards that. <SEP> Well and you know if they do find someone who who is uh having a problem with drugs. And they can get them the help that they need. As opposed to just letting the problem go on with without any uh support. And whatever. Right. Exactly. <SEP> Because a lot of people seems like would probably obviously are trying to hide that uh from their employer and friends and family and things. Uh-huh. And too many people are just dying. Particularly in our area. Right. <SEP> I don't know what the crime is like where you are. But the crime rate here is just astronomical. Ours is changing. Yeah. Ours ours is changing. It's increasing. I live in a I live in a very nice suburb. And it's it's it's unbelievable what what what's going on and the drugs the selling of drugs. It's just it's just too loose. It's too free. Uh-huh. I just got a piece of paper the other day uh that now they have these. I have two little very little children under two. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I got a piece of paper from from my husband's office. It's talking about these uh drug tattoos now that they have got. Really? That look like it looks like a sticker. And it's for kid.