Uh I work at T I. And we have uh of course started drug testing uh random drug testing here. And uh I haven't gotten called yet. But uh I feel that it's probably pre- it's pretty good if if they feel like there is a vast majority of the people at the company doing drugs. Do they feel that way? Uh I think that they thought that there was a lot of drug usage here at T I. But I think our latest sat- statistic said something like ninety-nine point nine eight percent were uh testing negative on all the dru- on on all the testing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I I think it's a good idea just because I'm opposed to to the drugs. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think it can cause a lot of problems even though they think they can handle it. Uh-huh. It's uh. I don't know. I don't really liken it to alcohol. But yet that can be carried to an extreme too. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I think it's a good idea. And I think just the idea that you know that you may be tested might keep you off of them or get you off of them because you're. Right. I don't know that their job would be at risk. Because I think they may put them into some sort of a program to get them off of drugs. Right. <SEP> I would think that. Is that how they do it at T I maybe. That. Right. I. At T I if you get called in and you test positive for drugs then you're put on a program. And uh you know you go through the program. And then you're called like six months after you complete the pro- program. Uh-huh. And if you test positive then you're terminated. <SEP> Well I guess I I draw a hard line. But you know I would I'm I'm in favor of of that type of thing. That uh you you have people out there that are responsible for certain things. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you expect them to do their job. And it it is possible that you know that they can't do as good a job uh as they might do. That's right. Uh-huh. Oh and of course they can also cause injury to other people. <SEP> Uh-huh. If they're if they're not uh you know fully functional mentally while they're doing their job. They could cause you know serious injury to oth- another people. Right. And you never know. <SEP> They could just go off the deep end on on a on something uh that whatever they're taking at the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and it would be uh you know out of the question. Uh-huh. <SEP> Also I guess you can you know get the wrong kind of stuff and kill yourself just by having a wrong mix of or watered down or or whatever all kinds. That's right. Oh yeah. <SEP> I sub in the schools. Uh-huh. So I've you know had a. They they talk a lot about drugs there. So. <SEP> Right. And I think it's good that they're trying to start some programs down in the elementary schools. Right. <SEP> But you know I think they can test all they want for drugs you know. And if they need to do that as a condition for employment. Uh-huh. And I know many of them are doing it. I know my son has had to do it for both Sam's and Wal-Mart. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I don't know how many others are doing that. And and I think that's good because so many of the kids that are on them are sort of bums that they need to get their life straightened up at an early age. Oh yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. And uh I don't know. It's just a problem that p- no one is sure just how to handle I think. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know I think personally I'm for it. There's several reason why I I could think of right now why we shouldn't have it such as drug testing. They say runs approximately a thousand dollars a person every time you do it. Really? And. <SEP> It's that high? Yes. And oh yeah. It's very expensive. Oh. And uh. <SEP> I didn't realize it was that expensive. Uh-huh. It's not like a normal urinalysis. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's very expensive to run them. And uh I didn't get a raise this year. Because nobody in our company got a raise. Uh-huh. But yet they spend all the money on drug testing. <SEP> Just lucky to have jobs. And if they weren't spending all the money on drug testing people could have got a raise. So see there you know there's different. I don't think that that's that I think that's more of a personal view of mine other than a a yes sir we should have drug testing because there's really a problem. Uh-huh. And I know that. But then I have other views to it. <SEP> I just I didn't think it was that expensive because my son was in probably a week and a half period. Uh-huh. And Sam's and Wal-Mart are are owned by the same people. Uh-huh. <SEP> He took one for for uh Wal-Mart for job hiring. Uh-huh. And then Sam's called him. And and he took another one. Right. <SEP> And I you know I don't know why they both made him do that since it was so close together. Uh-huh. I can see if. Because you know if it's a thousand dollars that's a thousand dollars they wasted. Theirs might not run a thousand dollars. Our. From what I understanding here at T I they run close to a thousand dollars an employee. <SEP> Well maybe they run. I don't know you know. That's just guessing it. Maybe they run a lot of other tests. Or maybe it's under a health type program that it it it would catch a lot of things. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I just can't imagine them screening all these employees paying a thousand dollars to get them. But no. For all the the pub-. Oh it's.