Hello. Hello. Hi. <SEP> Hi. My name's Gail. I'm calling from Texas. I'm Sandy. I'm in Texas too. Oh what a deal. <SEP> Took long enough to find you. Oh really? Yeah. Seems like they take forever any more. But um so did you hear what the topic was. <SEP> Yes. Did she tell you. Okay. Yeah. Great. Well if you're ready then uh I'll just go ahead and start. <SEP> Okay. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Well I guess we're supposed to talk about the changing roles of women. Yeah. Seems like um to me everything is just changing so much that it's almost like um you can't keep up with things any more. And everything is uh ther- everyone's striving so much to make it equal between men and women. I personally I'm a stay home mom. And I like it the way it used to be. <SEP> So am I. Are you. You know I think it's kind of coming back around to that don't you. I mean that there's a lot more people that stay home now than before. But I guess more than anything I think maybe people were just kind of wanting to have the choice of what they could do you know. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. I mean I think sometimes some of the the women's lib though is kind of like they wanted it all you know. And you can't have everything. Uh-huh. I don't I don't think that you can have I mean there's no way I could have a career and then be the kind of mom that I want to be. Yeah. <SEP> And to me that's more important. Ho- how many kids do you have? Two. Two? <SEP> Uh-huh. Are they young. Or. Five and two. Five and two. I have two. And mine are two and nine months. So um being being home is real. I I just am fortunate because I don't know a real lot of moms that get to stay home. And uh I just it's just weird that I was just talking to somebody this morning who's who's a working uh lady a working mom. And you know these people have secretaries and these high power jobs. And it just seems like um. She she told me now her daughter took her first steps at the day care. And uh I just think I I I just don't agree with that. I think it should be that people should get back to staying home and and being family more family oriented than than not. You know it seems like everybody's always so busy with everything that they're doing that there's no time for this and that and the other. And I hope it just doesn't get to where you know there's more women more and more women going into the work force. <SEP> Well I agree. I mean but I I hate for them to make people feel bad that have to work too saying you know you should stay home you know otherwise your children aren't going to you know turn out or whatever because that's not fair to you know like the single moms that have to work. Yeah. Or if they wouldn't be able to make ends meet not working or whatever. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I think it's got to be a personal choice. And it's nice that that we could have the choice to stay home. Yeah. Well I find that I whenever I have to whenever I'm in a group of people and we're discussing things. Like just over the weekend I visited my family and some cousins I hadn't seen in a long time. And everyone's all interested in what everybody's doing. And uh you know well I had my baby with me. And I found that all I talked about was my baby which was fine with me. But it's like you know here these people are. They're going to school getting degrees making all this money. And you know they kind of looked at me like I was from the dark ages you know like I because I didn't have really all that much to talk about uh where career and things like that were concerned. And you kind of feel little bit like an outcast for a while in social situations sometimes. <SEP> Yeah. Which is too bad because you know I I feel like I don't obviously I don't get paid for my job. But I should get paid at least double what my husband makes working in an office for staying home. Yeah. That's what I figure. I'm worth a lot just for what I do every day. But you know I don't know. This is kind of a um. At at least here I've noticed. I'm not from here. I'm from Colorado. But I've really noticed that there are a lot of uh a lot more people that are more comfortable at least with some women being home and at least in the circles I've travelled and in the church that I go to you know. That. Men don't treat you like you don't know anything generally speaking. <SEP> Yeah. Well and I think a lot of companies are realizing this and offering more opportunities as far as like job sharing or you know even having a day care on site and that kind of stuff. And I think that's really important that that they do that. Yeah. <SEP> And they realize there's a need for that. And um I don't know. I found when I did do some work when my son was young it was like contract work. And it wasn't where I had to be there every day. But I mean we were going to the doctor once a week. So I don't know how you could have a full time job and ever have any vacation time to do anything besides go to the doctor. Yeah. Yeah. I can see where that would definitely hinder the problem. Definitely. Well.