Well I did hear the end of the prompt this time. Was that you that we didn't hear the whole prompt? Yes. Yes. And it said that what what do we do we think that cri- certain crimes should fit certain punishments. And uh I was thinking about it after I got off the phone that that I really you know wish that there was some way to uh send a message to people you know about um child abuse and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. That uh. Those kind of crimes deserve some kind of severe punishment. Too often I feel that people get off uh without. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree with you although I will say. I'm not sure you know. I sometimes have a problem with some of the especially more famous people who all of a sudden are crawling out of the woodwork to say that whatever problems they have you know was was because they were abused a- abused as children. And the parents are saying Hey wait a minute. We didn't do anything like that you know. Uh-huh. And and and I guess before I'd like to see that severe of a punishment for it it has to be a an absolute certainty you know like uh caught at it or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. You know or if they they uh you know severely beat up on a child or you know I would have absolutely no problem at all you know with with. Yeah. <SEP> I don't buy the routine oh they're just sick. Or they were abused when they were little. Uh-huh. Well you know forget that. Yeah. Well sometimes they even wonder when when uh criminals plead temporary insanity for for punish- for crimes that are so severe and then you know they get sent to a mental institution. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they play loony for a while. And then they're back out in public. Well but I can't see that either. I don't feel that that should be any excuse at all or any deterrent ag- uh you know reason to not use capital punishment. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I agree. I agree. Because we. I think uh I think if I wanted to badly enough I could convince somebody uh I was crazy. <SEP> So my family may say that on occasion. Who knows. You know uh I I don't think it's that hard to do you know to to convince somebody that uh Gee you just had no control over what you were doing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well and too you know they can always be blaming the other person. Well she looked like my mother who abused me when I was a child or something which I think is unfortunate for that person and yet shouldn't be an excuse. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess you know a lot of. And I was just seeing in the newspaper or the grocery store that some Miss America was abused by the man she loved. And. That's the new one. Is that the new. I just happened to see the headline on it. And I didn't couldn't realize if it was the husband or the father or what. But I thought uh you know if these things if children are being abused I I'm wondering how our school system is failing that they're not even seeing this you know. If it was that severe that when they're later in life adults that it's all of a sudden affecting them in this way that it wasn't shown up at all when they were younger. And that kind of that kind of worries me with my kids only being under two and not having you know to to deal with that yet. But still. <SEP> Well you you're right uh. And yet I mean did you ever in your life when you were little know anybody or hear anything of anything like this? Never. No. And I lived in California which I feel like California you know. <SEP> Anything can go on in California. Ye-. Well yes. I but I was from conservative Wisconsin. <SEP> And uh you know there was there was nothing on it. Which makes me wonder you know if it's as uh prevalent as as some of them claim. Yeah. It uh it it it's. You just don't know. And it all. Unless they're caught in the act or the- the- the child is very badly you know beaten up it comes down to a one word against the other that type thing. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now Texas is capital punishment for. It used to be just capital murder. And now the- they added mass murder. Are those the only two things that we uh. I really would have no idea. I um I don't don't really know. Uh you know because I have a feeling it is. And I I think there ought to be more things added to it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. That would be pretty lenient in my opinion. Yeah. I I think that's I you know uh. Killing a child or kidnapping uh. And possibly not well. I guess kidnapping maybe if the person gets very badly hurt you know. If they release them two hours later he probably doesn't deserve the death penalty. Yeah. That's that. Or like when uh I've heard when I.