Okay well um. What kind of music do you like? I um I was thinking about it for a long time. And I like basically almost every form of music and type of music. Um I don't have a whole lot of dislikes. I um like jazz um especially the blues. And uh I like uh a lot of the uh of course the classics um everything back from Bach and and Beethoven and Chopin and um just in general everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I enjoy uh a lot of the the modern forms um uh. Do you like like rock and those kind of things punk even. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh well that gets. Some of the punk um when I was in high school that was uh one of the big things was punk music. And uh a lot of it is has a lot to say or some of it has a lot to say the music does the lyrics do. But the the actual. <SEP> I don't think they have a whole lot to say even. Uh well it it's it's it really expresses some of the opinions of of the people who enjoy the music. Yeah. I guess. Um but as far as a musical art form I just don't see a whole lot of art to it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. Do you like rap? Um some of it um. It depends. I like uh the rap the two types of rap I like or I enjoy to listen to and one is the the rap that is just funny um. And they usually do a lot of satire. <SEP> Yeah. Um. That kind I kind of like. Right. <SEP> Some of it is kind of pointless. Right. The monotonous the monotonous. Yeah. No. That's not. I don't enjoy that at all when they're just talking about well I'm better than you and blah blah blah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't like that. Yeah. Yeah. I like the funny satire. And then some of it is some of it actually gets into some serious discussions of problems in our in urban society. <SEP> Yeah. It really does. It talks about um race relations and police relations. And um that that. I guess I don't really care to listen to rap that much except for once in a while some of the funny more satire kind some times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I'm with you though. I like classical. Uh-huh. Um I don't like to listen to it all the time but um some of the time anyway. I like easy listening just kind of you know. I guess I don't care much for rock and roll any more. I used to like it all right. But I don't really care to listen to it any more for some reason. Um let's see. Country western uh I'm not quite as big on that. Some of it's okay uh. Yeah. That's that's about my opinion of that. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's okay um. Some of it kind of falls in the rap category I guess. So. Um. The thing about country western that I don't enjoy is is doesn't seem to be any imagination behind it. <SEP> Yeah. The one country and western song sounds like every other country and western. A lot of them sound uh really similar. <SEP> Yeah. And so the the musicians don't get to really get into their music. They just play a certain number of chords. Yeah. The drummer plays a certain beat. And you have a country and western song. <SEP> Um. And. Well that's kind of the way I feel about rock and roll sometimes too I guess. They don't really. Has kind of the same sound over and over. And the other thing I don't like about it is they have a tendency to play the instrumental so loud that you can't understand what the lyrics are. Um. Right. <SEP> You can't understand what they're saying on some of those songs which probably is just as well on some of them too. Yeah. And I can't say that I like a lot of the modern the very very modern uh rock and roll. <SEP> Yeah. But I I definitely I really enjoy the fifties the sixties and a lot some of the seventies rock and roll. Yeah. <SEP> Earlier things. And uh I really enjoy especially the sixties.