Okay. While I was waiting for you to connect I I thought of a couple of menus. So I decided it had to be in it informal or not. You know if it's informal I'd probably choose something I mean just like hamburgers or steaks out on the grill because that's a lot of fun especially this time of year where it's so nice out. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. Um if it was formal I'd probably go with something like a chicken breast or lasagna or something. I'm not I'm not into formal dinner parties. But I'd probably go with lasagna a green salad and garlic bread. <SEP> I see. So what do you use for cookbooks? Um I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married. But it's kind of the bible of cooking for me. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Then I have some from like church that are more family recipes that are more useful. You know budget cookbooks. Uh-huh. But and of course you get a lot from when you're growing up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um I cook a lot the same as as my mom did. Of course I've added several different recipes. <SEP> Right. But what you serve or what would you. Well I I I think we come from from different backgrounds uh. So the. Well that's good. <SEP> I I I. So it diff- you know. Have different perspectives that you are. I find the JOY OF COOKING to be a remarkably useful book to to fall back on. Uh-huh. Because it has almost everything in it. But on the other hand it's not very inspiring uh. It's a good reference when you need to dig something up. Uh-huh. <SEP> What we've found very useful is a book called THE THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. I think that's the title by Marion Burroughs. Huh. Uh which has recipes which allegedly can all be prepared in thirty minutes you know the whole meal. Yeah. <SEP> And so she's. That would be wonderful in these times. Yeah. Now now I I find that the cutting up of the food and all that really makes it take a little longer than thirty minutes. Yeah. Either they're really fast or Uh-huh. <SEP> But they're but they're but they're interesting they're interesting menus um combinations that you wouldn't have nobody thought of. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. What's one of your favorites? Um gee. The one I had most recently was was one that was ha-. She she describes as Jim Beard's favorite um summer menu or something. And it consisted of of grilled kielbasa sausage uh a potato salad with olive oil and uh some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Wow. Sounds too good. Uh and that and that was you know that's that that's certain you can do in thirty minutes. Yeah. <SEP> But there are a whole lot of you know. I mean I I would recommend you look at that book if you're a busy person. Yeah. That THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. That sounds fun. I find a lot of the cookbooks that I don't know that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients or things I don't keep on hand all the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have young children. And our budget's set you know at this time. But I want to use simple recipes that I have things on hand. Uh-huh. I don't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I haven't heard of. <SEP> Yes. Yes. That's why sometimes I shy away from uh more of a traditional cookbook. Uh-huh. But well it was interesting talking to you. It's a fun subject. Food is one of my favorite things too. <SEP> Yes. Anything else you wanted to add? Well you had said dinner you know you know. What would I put together for a formal dinner. We we had some friends over as recently as Saturday night. Oh wow. <SEP> And and um put here here. The inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert you know a chocolate mousse recipe and a sort of cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella um which is this wonderful thing you can do um. Uh-huh. That's good. Uh-huh. <SEP> Basically you're baking baking chicken in a in an open pan um having marinated it first. And my wife did this part so I don't remember all the details. Uh-huh. Marinated in olive oil and some seasoning um and cooked with some olives and some and some prunes uh. There's a little bit of brown sugar in there. And it bakes up. And it's a delicious thing. And it's easy. That sounds good. <SEP> Comparatively. So. Um. I'm sorry. That sounds really good. I just love. It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am. I'm pretty simple right now. But. <SEP> Well maybe a little more leisure time to do it. Yes. I don't know. That's probably that's true. I have little ones. And we and they won't eat you know too many different foods right now. <SEP> Yeah. I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little in terms of their tastes. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. Well there again sometimes it was easy. They'd you know. Canned ravioli was one of their favorites and so it was easy to open a can of ravioli. <SEP> Yeah. Spaghetti's a pretty staple every other week or so. <SEP> Yes. And it goes a long ways too. So. All righty. Well nice talking to you Cheryl. <SEP> Okay. Talk to you later maybe. Bye.