Real excited when I heard this. So far I've been trying to call all day because I keep getting these subjects like capital punishment. So football I love this. Oh yes. This is great. Well we're from Colorado. So we're Bronco fans. And um we just moved here two years ago. And they went to the Superbowl when we first moved here. And they lost again. That was pretty pitiful. But they seem to be doing pretty good this year. <SEP> Well I was from Illinois originally. And I grew up a Bear fan. And uh then we moved here. Even when we knew we were being transferred here we became Cowboy fans. Oh. And we had some wonderful wonderful years there under Roger Staubach. <SEP> And we kind of got spoiled. Yeah. We expected it to continue forever. I think they're doing pretty well this year though. Well they haven't they haven't have they just lost one game this year? <SEP> I think two. Two. I know they lost yeah to Washington and Philadelphia. Yeah. But they're not doing bad. People are pretty surprised that they I mean they beat the Giants. <SEP> Yeah. And wasn't that fun. I went to the balloon festival in Plano and carried my little portable radio with me. And I must say I attracted a lot of attention. I bet. <SEP> People running up saying oh what's the score what's the score? Oh boy I bet all the men that got direct down there were just right on it. That's right. And that's exactly what they said my wife dragged me away from the television. Yep. <SEP> You know but I wasn't. I had forgotten. Or I probably wouldn't have been there. Yeah. Yeah. Well I am I'm a big football fan. I never wou-. My father was a football fan my whole life. And he used to have the football pool at the office and all this stuff. And I just hated it. And I think I was just mad because he spent so much time watching football on Sundays. Yeah. And uh so when I met my husband he was watching football. And I figured out that I couldn't see him all weekend. I couldn't see him until like Tuesday because MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL if I didn't like football. <SEP> So. That's exactly where both of the wives came from I think. Yep. <SEP> It was uh you know. It's easier to join them than fight them. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And if you want to see them you might just as well enjoy football. Yeah. <SEP> And I used to tease my husband sometimes and say my gosh yo- did you bet the house or something this week to get so excited about these games. Uh-huh. Well I do. I just I love it. It's such I just think it's such a fun sport. And uh I'm just hoping that the Broncos can get back on their feet. We're not convinced that we're going to be Cowboy fans yet. But uh. <SEP> Well it takes a little brainwashing first. Well I guess we'll first have to get to used to the idea that we're staying here. Yeah. That's even harder. But. <SEP> Are you uh transit usually? I mean do you stay not in one place too long? No. We're just. This is only the second place we've lived. We've only been married for five and a half years. And uh we have two small children. And he had a uh just got transferred here to E-Systems. So. Well it will take you a little while. But you'll probably always have a soft spot in your heart though for for Denver. Oh. <SEP> Well I tell you this. The weather here and there's no mountains or anything you know. And when you go to a football game in Colorado that's you know there's snow. And it's an adventure. And here yeah you've just got to drive down to the to the stadium. Oh I know. And uh. <SEP> Well if they close it in see we'll have the best of both worlds then as they're talking about doing. Yes. But uh Dan Reeves is a pretty neat guy anyway. Well he's from here. <SEP> Yeah. That's right you know. So Yeah. He was one of ours one of our boys. That's what I hear. <SEP> So we are never we never cheer against Denver unless they're playing the Cowboys. Which is rare. Yeah. Which is good. Yeah. But uh I. You know it's funny. In in Colorado when the Broncos went to the Superbowl three times in the last I don't know five or six years whatever it's been. Um they have these songs on the radio. They take moder- popular songs and and change them to fit uh the Broncos and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they had. I was just thinking about one the other day. Uh if I saw a picture of John Elway in the in the cafeteria at school um. But they did the Johnny Angel. They did Johnny Elway to that. Johnny Elway. And and I was trying to get my son to sing that. My husband was just having a fit don't have him sing that song. But they they do a lot of fun things. I think football is football is kind of a a sport that I think you kind of it's hard not to like it. Because you know there's just. <SEP> Well there is so much about it to like. It's exciting. You know it's so exciting. Yeah. <SEP> And when the Cowboys won the Superbowl here of course they put together some real cute songs. And we all ran out and bought the records. And now we feel like they're kind of a collector's item. Yeah. Yeah. They probabl-. I I wish I would have bought the tape when I was in uh Te- in Colorado. Because uh I I think about that a lot. But you know when I first moved here was when they well no I guess it was about a year ago they did this. This interstate seventy-five song. Or whatever it was about Central Expressway and getting it done in nineteen ninety-five and everything. Uh-huh. That was kind of a funny song. But they sure do. It seems to me like they really love their Cowboys here. Even when they were losing pitifully you know people still support them. We drive by some houses everyday that have big signs. We love the Cowbo-.