Okay. Where do you enjoy dining out? Oh I generally go to the quickie places just because they're cheap. Yes. Do you have children? <SEP> Uh we have four. But most of them are gone now. Uh. So there there might be. But we were taking you know uh four five and six people out. Yeah. That makes a difference doesn't it. <SEP> Yes. What area of the country do you live in? I'm in Texas. Yes. I am too. But. <SEP> And we live- we lived in Ohio prior to this. I did too. I'm from the Dayton area. <SEP> Uh we were up near Cleveland. Oh. Yeah. Uh but I look for service even at the quickie places type things. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't like to go to the drive-thrus because sometimes they get your order wrong. That's right. And then you're stuck. And it's a pain to have to stand there and see what it is before you leave. Yes. <SEP> So I really don't like the drive-thrus that much. I I like to go and eat there. But I would say service uh atmosphere and whether the food is good. And on going out I like steaks. So we try to hit those places when we can. When we travel we look for Wendy's because we have kids. And my husband and I like getting the salads or the lighter meals. Uh-huh. And then that way they can get their burgers and fries. And we can have a salad bar. <SEP> Yeah. So sometimes we drive for a couple hundred miles until we find a Wendy's because it's all either McDonald's or Dairy Queens. <SEP> Uh yeah. And in in in the countries unless it's a large city I guess Dairy Queen and Wal-Mart are their main. Right. That's right. That's what you find. Right. I know. <SEP> My husband likes uh Dairy Queens. He likes their milk shakes and their chili cheese dogs I guess. Uh-huh. So he's a fan of of Dairy Queen. And and we'll go even in town here at times just as a a change although I'm not that excited about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we've eat we eat out so much it's gotten so I don't like to really eat any place. But yet I hate to cook food at home. Oh. So that might be why I look for inexpensive places just because we're eating out probably five nights a week maybe. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. Or we eat junk food at home. Yeah. <SEP> Uh now my husba-. Well what are some of your your favorite inexpensive places? Oh we'll go to them all. We sort of take turns. And we uh. I sort of favor the ones. If I have a coupon we can go there. And if not we can't because it's cheaper. Uh-huh. <SEP> So mine is monetarily I guess strongly monetarily based. Uh we'll go get pizza and uh at Little Caesar's although the kids prefer Domino's. Oh we are Little Caesar fans here. Right. That's where we always go. <SEP> But it's just a lot cheaper than than Domino's. So that's. We go to Grandy's quite a bit I would say. Yes. We like Grandy's too. McDonald's uh we've sort of been off of that for a while. And no particular reason. And I. Maybe we avoided Wendy's the last few years because our daughter worked there. And she never wanted us to show up there. Oh. <SEP> So I don't we don't go there that much. Where do you go if you like to have a nice meal out or a big meal? A nice meal oh. Where do you go for steaks? <SEP> It's usually when we're out of town. Oh. And I'll order steak or steak and lobster combined. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's really not in town. Oh. You ever been to Houston's on Belt Line? No. That's where we go to get steaks. <SEP> Uh-huh. They have a teriyaki steak there. And when we have something to celebrate we head to Houston's. They don't take reservations. And you wind up waiting about an hour. Uh-huh. But the food is good. And they've got a nice patio area that you can wait and get something to drink unless you get there at five o'clock. Then you can go right through. <SEP> Right. But they have real good signature salads there and nice steaks. So that's our nice place to go. We don't usually take the kids when we go there. But well we don't go out that much. I gue- well I guess we do go out without kids. We're usually picking things up quickly. Though we just don't dwell on food too much. Yeah. <SEP> And uh with my husband traveling he can get all he needs of that during the week going to those places. Right. That's right. <SEP> So it doesn't really matter to him. He'd probably just like to stay home. Yeah. That's the way with my husband. He's gone during the week and likes to eat at home on the weekends. And I've been eating at home all week long with the kids and would like to go out somewhere. So we have a conflict of interests on the weekend. <SEP> Well I think I I never have liked to cook food. But I think it all began eating out when we had uh the boys in in different uh baseball on baseball tea-. Right. It was mainly baseball teams. Yes. <SEP> And my husband would coach. So we were never home at the same time. Uh-huh. I'm not one that's going to fix you know the meal at two o'clock in the afternoon so they can eat it all day whenever they're there. Right. <SEP> If they're not there in between five and six well then I guess we don't eat today. Or you go you know you fend for yourself. Yep. You go somewhere else. So that you know that really snowballed when we got down here when I started to sub make money I went Oh well I'll just sub to.