Okay. I've got a you know. I have a real good method of starting to get the budget balancing. And then that's get half of the government rid of the half of the government payroll. I think that would probably uh be very possible. <SEP> And and we really wouldn't feel it in our services. Not all. I you know I don't know if you've ever been to Washington D C. Yes. I have. Uh you you've seen that which was on there and the offices. And in light of these uh hearings we've all been sitting through the last two weeks we have very definitely decided that every department there is just overstaffed. <SEP> Right. They really don't have enough to keep them busy to keep their noses at in their own business of what they're doing. Right. And the other thing is uh besides that I think uh two things that very definitely need looking at one is foreign aid. I have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us. <SEP> Right. I find that a total waste and part of the defense budget. Uh again being just a voter and a taxpayer you know working through our congressman I don't think there's too much that I'm going to be able to do about it. But I believe in taking an active part in politics. So. Yeah. Well I. One one thing that really bothers me beyond beyond cutting what they spend is that just really aggravates me when the big businesses do not end up paying taxes. And the um regular normal taxpayers are you know paying such a large proportion of of our personal income. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then the uh corporate you know industries just don't seem to not pay proportionally. Right. I think that that would would help a lot. I guess in a way it would trickle down to us in the prices of things. But I don't know. It's just hard to hard to take and you know see so much of our paycheck go out and then realize that they have all the loopholes that they can use. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh seems like some rather large chunks of money could come from from that direction. But. Yeah. They don't they don't seem to well. I really think the biggest problem. And then the Taft-Rudman Act is supposed to help that. The biggest part is they have no accountability for what they're doing. Yeah. I mean this nonsense that's coming through now about uh uh lowering payments on Social Security and a few other things that Bush has in mind in order t- to boost the economy because people have n- more money as it's gets it's ridiculous. <SEP> Yeah. If they don't have that money now bringing in less is not going to help the problem as far as the government. Not not going to help. <SEP> It's nev- never helped my my personal situation. I I can't say it would help with theirs either. No. Yeah. And thank God we don't operate our budget the way they operate theirs or we'd all be in in dire trouble. <SEP> Amen. But that's uh. Yeah. I don't know what we're going to be able to do about it. But I guess it's sitting around so long that it's sort of like our mortgages. I don't ever expect to pay mine off before I die. So I guess why should the government. <SEP> Isn't. That's the way they're thinking these days anyway. It seems seems to be. I you know I. It really does bother me when I think about you know leaving our children with with this sort of uh a national problem that we can't seem to find an an answer to it uh. I don't know. I I don't think it ever will really. I. Maybe if they ever get to the point the biggest you know the biggest outlaid expense has always been either wars or defense. <SEP> Right. Really. If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic you know inter- intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might. Yeah. I I believe in paying my share. And I don't mind uh paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to. But I just I just sometimes feel like I'm being used. But uh again I don't think we'll be able to do anything about it. So. <SEP> Well that's that's quite possible. I guess we have to have to keep plugging away a little bit. Or it will just totally get even more out of control. But I I don't know. Yeah. Bite the bullet. It sounds like you have a baby there. Yeah. I I do. Uh-huh. <SEP> She's a. We're not feeling too well over here. So that. Oh really? Yeah. Oh that's a shame. She's not the one going to Washington huh? <SEP> No. No. She's. Oh. I don't think I could part with her. Okay. Okay Geri. We've probably been on long enough. <SEP> Okay. They didn't cut us off. But I think that will probably do it. So it was nice talking to you. Okay. Well thanks. Okey-doke. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.