Do you have any? Sure. I have a Springer Spaniel. And her name is Thumper. She's about seven or eight years old. I got her for Christmas from my family and uh back when we lived in Nebraska. I like to hunt. And uh so I thought that if I had a good hunting dog like Thumper that boy I could just go out and get all kinds of game. Did it work? <SEP> Yeah. Except we live in Plano Texas now. No. Right. So. I um I had a for many years I had a dog that was part Springer Spaniel. I just love them. Her name was Molly. But she isn't alive any more. We had her for um fifteen years I think my family did and just loved her. She was the greatest greatest um went through two generations of children in my family and was always very gentle. <SEP> Do you have a pet now? Yeah. I have a cat now. He just turned seven also. And he's I um got him in Arizona and when I used to live there. Oh. And he is huge. He is eighteen pounds. <SEP> What kind of cat is it? Just. Um I got him. He was um he was born in the wild like in a in a shed and had never been in a building when I got him. Uh-huh. So he. And he's he he must be part cross part with some kind of desert animal because he's very long and lanky. But he's a very tame spoiled house cat you know now that I've had him for seven years. <SEP> Being born outside you didn't have any problems house training him? No. No. That's good. He's. Yeah. He's great. And uh he's uh he's really spoiled though. So but he's really big. So lots of times he it he seems to get in fights. And when he was younger I think he started them. And now I think he barely makes it. I think he gets beat up even though he's big because he's pretty much overweight and comes home with a few scratches now and then. <SEP> Sure. And older. <SEP> Yeah. Well we went to a cat show at the Plano Center here in town. And uh we thought that we have a cat now. But we thought Well if we ever get another cat you know we'd want something kind of unique. So we kind of looked around. And they had everything from hairless cats to Siamese cats and Persian cats. And we sort of fell in love with the uh Maine Coon cats. Oh I've seen them. I. <SEP> They're huge. Yeah. I have seen them. They um weren't they they were. Actually I can't remember. They were used to be used on ships and in for for mousers you know. Oh. So they're very nautical too. <SEP> I'll be darned. I didn't know that. Yeah. I just. Uh I think I'm I think I'm being accurate in the in the area of folklore. But I'm not sure. Well that's interesting. Yeah. <SEP> We kind of like. Well my family didn't necessarily like like them as much as I did. But the Manx is that the one that doesn't have a tail. Yeah. It sort of has a bob tail. I kind of like that too. But. Yeah. I'd love to go to a cat show. I'm real a real cat lover. I'd have a lot more cats if my boyfriend would let u- let me. <SEP> He doesn't really like mine let alone another one. Well I'll tell you an interesting story about how I got my dog. And then I suppose our five minutes will be up. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> I work for a university. And I went to uh Omaha Nebraska to recruit students. And I had some time off in the afternoon. So I went to a a pet shop. And I saw these little Springer Spaniels. Um. And so I decided well you know this would really be a nice dog to have. So when I got back home to Carney Nebraska I told my wife about it. And I said You know this is just a. I I I can just hear the dog crying for me now. I know what you mean. <SEP> And Christmas is coming up hint hint. And so I had to go back the next week as well as a bunch of other people from the university. And one of the people uh that we went with uh they were friends of ours. And so we got to Omaha. And I decided I'd take my friend over and show him the dog. And so I got over there. And she said Oh that's too bad the dog has already been sold. And I didn't realize it. But this guy had somehow worked it out so that he got there a little bit earlier bought the dog. And she was in the back room. And so that night we had a reception for some of the uh potential high school students or college students. And and uh he had the dog the whole time in his room. And and I had no idea. And so we headed back to Carney that night. And the dog rode in the car. And we stopped along the way and had a bite to eat. And they left the dog in the car. And I guess while we were inside eating Thumper just tore the heck out of the inside of the car. And uh finally we made it back to uh to Carney. And.