Well let's see. So what So what gets you? As far as I'm. <SEP> Well the thing I think that annoys me the most is I have I have young children a baby in the house. And and inevitably as soon as they're asleep someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something. Uh-huh. And I think that that is probably the most aggravating. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh you know it invades my time. I'm the one that pays for the phone. Uh if I want to buy something I'll take the initiative and and go find it you know. And that just really does aggravate me. Uh what do you think? Well I mean I. That's exactly the kind of thing I would have said. Although in my case it's my wife and I both work. We come home. And just as we're preparing dinner or eating dinner the phone rings. <SEP> And it's one solicitation call after another. And you know. Your time is is valuable. Yeah. It's it's like you say very annoying. And. <SEP> And uh why why do we let this happen. Oh I. That's that's interesting. I. The the market seems to just be growing too. I I guess enough people are not speaking out. I'm not speaking out that's for sure. I just get aggravated about it. And. Would would you. I mean if you could legislate something what would you legislate? I really don't know. I'm I'm not into uh heavy government legislate- legislating of a lot of different areas. But I I don't know. I just I do particularly find it annoying. Uh I'm really not sure. I haven't given that a lot of thought if if it should should go you know to be. <SEP> Yeah. It it seems it seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we don't want to receive calls like that. Well that yeah that might. <SEP> And the people making these calls would be obliged to c- compare the their lists that they're going to call against this list of people who don't want to be called. Identify themselves yeah. Right. <SEP> Well that would be a good an interesting way. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> And that that way those who want it can have it. And those who don't want it don't have to have it. Right. Sort of like an unlisted number where you haven't gone to the trouble of enlisting yourself. Right. You're. <SEP> Except even unlisted numbers aren't safe now because they have these things just sort of dial through all the numbers. Uh automatically. Oh is that right? Oh that's interesting. And. And they just get everybody. <SEP> Right. Oh boy. Well I I do wish that it would stop on my end because it it seems to happen at the worst possible moments. Yeah. And I I guess the next one is is door-to-door solicitors. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't mind the children when they're selling things for school. I have kids. And you know that's just kind of part of it. Yeah. But when it's adults selling a variety of things and especially when men arrive at about ten o'clock in the morning uh that really it makes you not feel particularly safe. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. And it's annoying as well. <SEP> And these and these people may in fact be just looking to s- find an unoccupied house to rob. Right. You just you really don't know. So I I find myself being a l- a bit abrupt and a little bit ruder than than I might normally be. Uh-huh. But I do feel like it's a an invasion of my space. <SEP> Yeah. And uh. What about these telephone callers. Sometimes they're door-to-door but usually they're telephone callers who who want you to basically help them fill out a questionnaire. I've never quite understood the purpose of that. Yeah. I uh. <SEP> Well I think these people were hired by from from different sources. Just be-. Uh with you know. And so therefore there's no one answer. But but yeah. Sometimes it's a market sur- basically it's a market survey. Just a survey. <SEP> But they never say who who they're really working for or what you know what what what questions are you know. Yeah. There have been a couple of times when the the uh whatever the subject was I guess caught my interest and I went along with it. And then there have been several times when I just said well I just really don't have the time you know to deal with it at that moment. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But uh I don't get too many of those. <SEP> Yeah. I've had just a few. Yeah. Uh generally someone's trying to sell me something. Or. <SEP> Right. Well and sometimes that's this is just the lead in to a sales pitch too. Right. Right. Other times it's you know wasting your time to collect the data they want for their marketing purpose. <SEP> Right. For which if they would just pay me enough money I would be willing to consider. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. But but a dollar isn't it. You know it's. Oh. <SEP> Uh and I also sort of worry that you know that sometimes people giveaway personal information. Uh when when the call comes and and they uh you know sort of seductive to you know. Somebody is asking me my opinion on all of these things. And so I start answering. And then you you know you go down a path. Right. Uh and you don't know where it's going to end. Yeah. <SEP> Uh In fact you don't even know what you've eventually you know the totality of what you've revealed. Well we. And you know This isn't you know prob- most likely not to going to be used against you. That's true. <SEP> But it could. And And that seems to be something that should should really be outlawed. Because it's subject to abuse. Yeah. You just never know I guess. That. Yeah. I I. <SEP> And it. Asking for information is is. I can't really see that. I think they ought to if if nothing else they ought to spend money for a postage stamp. And you know when it arrives at your house oh I.