What? Do you want to start? Uh you hit you hit uh. It doesn't matter. Um we're discussing the capital punishment I believe. Right. You are right. Yeah. I I suppose I should have. <SEP> Uh which. I am am pro capital punishment except that I don't like the way it's done. Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Uh I uh I guess I I hate to see anyone die uh. Uh-huh. But uh I guess these people that go around and and kill children and women and everything else without any remorse uh I don't think they deserve to to live and be supported by us the rest of their lives. <SEP> I I agree. I I'm. Capital. The the. Capital punishment is necessary in in many cases. But uh the. It's not a deterrent um or our jails would not be so full. There wouldn't be so many people in Death Row. Uh-huh. I think it needs to be something uh uh a throwback to where they did a uh public execution where it's visible. Yeah. <SEP> Uh something you know not gruesome. But but something more where people know that it it was a deterrent and it was equal for all people. If you committed a certain crime you were going to receive a death penalty. And it was going to happen to you. Yeah. No stays of execution. No no loopholes. No. Well and even even that I don't really know if that would help. I think a lot of these people do it uh mainly because of of T V. And a-. <SEP> Notoriety. The double reason ma- they they see it being done on T V and also the fact of of notoriety. I mean they become well known. They are almost like like a big star. Ye- yes. But but they they know that their chances of actually receiving the death penalty are minimal. Yeah. <SEP> They know that they will probably be out in ten to twelve years. Uh-huh. That they are going to write a book. They are going to go on talk shows. They're goin-. That that that's a reward uh for a heinous crime rather than uh having them pay the penalty which is forfeiture of their life. Yeah. <SEP> Right. In in complete uh. Of any notoriety. Yeah. Well I I I think if they went according to uh the BIBLE where it does say an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth a life for a life. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Uh you take a life you give yours. <SEP> Right. Uh uh that's for sure. Uh there's exceptions to the rule. I mean if if it's an accidental taking then uh you look at that. But you know most of these people that down right go right and and do it out of pure pleasure uh I don't uh like to see that. Uh-huh. I guess also the fact that they say it's not a deterrent. It is a deterrent in the in the sense that that person will never do it again. <SEP> Well yes. They will. Not not not if he's killed he can't do it again. It. <SEP> Oh. Well that's correct. Yes. Ye- if if he indeed receives the death penalty and it is it is executed. The death penalty. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But but the the the chances are not great that that will happen. Right. <SEP> But there's a greater chance that he'll be back out on the streets in twelve years. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I I guess I'm also looking at beyond even that. I I I guess I been thinking about it. And I don't have a definite opinion. But uh repeat uh crimes uh maybe not the the more mild ones but you know a more severe ones especially on on armed robbery and stuff where they been taking from elderly people and not just taking the money but beating them half to death. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's right. Just for pleasure too. And I guess you've got to look at something like that. <SEP> Yes. Do they deserve to uh remain on this earth too? Why you know y- y- you could carry it to that if uh if they are a repeat offender. And and you know that as soon as you let them out on the streets they are going to do this. Unfortunately the way our system of jurisprudence is set up um you only receive the death penalty for capital crimes. Right. <SEP> And of course uh of battery or assault or that is not a capital crime see. You you wouldn't be able to under our system. Right. Now China and a few other countries have a little different view of that. Um you get caught with dope there and you die period. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> There is there is no no appeals. There is no.