Uh I guess my personal opinion I I don't mind paying taxes necessarily. I I just sometimes wonder if our money is being used in the best way. Right. Uh sometimes when I hear what what they're even what even what the politicians are making you know when they're getting a hundred and fifty thousand plus benefits and that uh I think that's just a bit too much to be paying them uh. And that's all tax money. When you figure out how many politicians and each one getting that much it's just billions of dollars. That's I think is just being thrown away. <SEP> Right. Right. And then when you read about that they're spending all the money on you know these studies that have no relevance whatsoever that kind of ticks you off too. Yeah. But uh somebody somebody was telling me the other day that they heard some senator say that what we're paying it's not that we mind paying taxes it's that we're paying too much for a lousy government. Yeah. <SEP> And I I I tend to agree with that. Yeah. I'm not really into what they're doing per se. Yeah. <SEP> And I think there's just too many too many levels of bureaucracy. I think it can be can be managed by less uh less levels. Yeah. Yeah. Well I know any time there's there's a big uh budget cut you know. I work with the state. And any time there's there is a budget cut or crunches it's always the small guy that that gets hurt. Right. It's never the uh the person that's making a hundred thousand there. It's always the person that's making the least amount. And uh and sometimes we're running around there. <SEP> Right. I see these these uh supervisors running around uh having meetings. I I really don't know what they do. Right. I sometimes wonder are are they really doing anything. Or. <SEP> Right. Well I think we're going to see a streamlining in the government. I just you know. I I don't know what kind of uh I don't know what what level or what how long it will take for you know our country to start the public in general to start saying Hey this is too much. We're not going to pay any more. You know we're not going to pay for this. And you're out you know. I think we're starting to see it a little bit now. But I think uh I don't know what what kind of input we're going to get from the public and how they're going to go about doing it. Because I think I think we're just getting taxed way too much. Yeah. I mean right now we're getting taxed probably probably around thirty-five percent or more. And that's that's you know that's me not making a whole lot of money. Yeah. Well they got so many hidden taxes that it's really hard to figure out how much you are paying because go to a grocery store something like that and you're paying a little tax here. And you. <SEP> Right. So. Gas I don't know about you guys. But there's probably at least about twenty-five to to thirty cents of different taxes on on our gas. Right. And you don't realize. <SEP> Yeah. We got a sales tax. Our sales tax is like eight percent. And I don't know what our gas tax is. I think it's somewhere around twenty five cents a gallon. Yeah. So. I mean they're hitting us up. And they may not raise it you know federally as much one year. But then they'll raise it somewhere in the state or the sales tax or property tax or whatever. It's just I mean you can see that your money is just not going that far. Yeah. Well I know they say like with Reagan they say no new taxes. But they changed the uh deductions on you. And that just raises your taxes you know they just get it a different way. <SEP> Right. So I mean to me it did uh raise my taxes. Right. Well I mean you could tell just by just by how much money you have left over. And all of a sudden I don't know it's just it's eating me alive. Yeah. I heard someone say that uh if they would just something about with the uh the defense budget all that extra money they're throwing back if they cut back by so much percentage it could throw back about six hundred dollars on an average six hundred dollars.