Jeri? Yes. We're supposed to discuss crime in the United States and what can be done with it. <SEP> That's a rather rather broad topic. They're usually pretty broad anyway. Yeah. Where do you live? <SEP> Uh we live in Plano. Okay. So that's a. Uh and where you are? I'm in Richardson. So when I heard the topic I was thinking of the thing down at uh Maceo High School in Dallas. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Right. That is so frightening. It is you know. Uh do you have children in school? No. Mine are already in college now. So I don't have to. <SEP> Yeah. At least when they were in high school it was beginning but not like the rampages. Well I have. My oldest is his first year in high school. So we have all this to to look forward to. And it is really frightening uh to think that you can't even send them to school in safety. I mean certainly you know you can't just turn them loose in the middle of Dallas. But you know when you can't even send them on their normal activities in safety it it's really frightening. That's true. <SEP> And uh I really you know. They're coming down on the principal. But I really don't know what they can do. I mean it's just in so much of society with the violence. And the kids having access to weapons and drugs. And I I really don't know what what can be done. Yeah. Well I just I just don't understand how of course in my little world how guns could be so available. Well I don't either. But apparently they just really are. Uh I mean to me in Plano you would think that would be about you know about as innocent as you could get for for being in a a large area. But you know my son comes home and tells me that you know he hears kids talk about having guns. And uh someone came to his football practice about two weeks ago with a gun. Oh my heavens. <SEP> And I mean it just scared me to death. And you know they called the police. And and nothing happened. But my goodness you know it it could have easily. Well maybe that's the answer to crime is getting more prosecution. Maybe so. You know because I don't. Now I somehow I feel we're living in an impartial society as far as people seeing something happen you know across the street or seeing someone get mugged or unfortunately raped. And people don't do anything. <SEP> Yeah. A woman was raped in Richardson I read in the paper oh about a two weeks ago now. And all the neighbors said they heard her yelling for help. Oh no. But nobody nobody did anything. <SEP> I just can't imagine that. You know I mean they heard someone calling for help. Nobody even called the police to say you know I hear a strange screaming. Right. I'm afraid you know if you. I don't blame people with today's society about going out to help themselves. <SEP> Right. Well I can see you know especially if you heard screams from a house or something not going over there maybe because you know it could be dangerous. But certainly I can't understand not calling the police. Yeah. I. I just you know. It's it's really frightening that we're not we're trying to live in our own little cocoons. And probably one of the best things we could do for crime is to participate ourselves in its prevention. <SEP> Right. Well I I think you're right there. I guess people just kind of keep their noses pointed in their own business. But I think that's real dangerous. And uh I don't know. I try to tell my kids just just kind of be aware of what's around them you know. And if you see a situation that looks like it could be trouble just get out of it or call for help whichever. Yes. But uh. Yeah. Well you know the call for help is what scares me now because it it just. I don't know. People just don't. I don't know. I can't say they don't care because people just have to care about another person. <SEP> Yeah. But it's that not getting involved that impersonal society I think we live in today. Well maybe this thing with with the child at school maybe that will make people think a bit more and you know take some steps to to correct it. I don't know. It's it really is is frightening. Yeah. <SEP> I uh. Let me ask you. Getting back to your son's football practice because it really sort of astonished me that police aren't doing. He didn't have a license for the gun correct? I don't know. I mean I don't know the details. This was not a child that was on the team. It was someone that uh show- you know just kind of showed up at the field. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh it was a a student age person. But I'm not even.