Not be a very good conversationalist on fishing. I don't do a lot of it. Well I do love to fish. Well good. Maybe I can learn something. <SEP> Well I don't know how much you can learn. I'm not so sure I'm good at it. But I do enjoy doing it. Do you? <SEP> Yeah. Well it is fun what little I do. Of course I don't you know. I think when they refer to different kinds of fishing. I told my husband last night when I had called and they had told me that this was a topic I said well I can tell them how to fish with a minnow or how to fish with a worm. He said I don't think that's the different kinds of fishing they're talking about. Well I hope it is. <SEP> There's not a whole lot of different kinds. That's about the only kind I know how to do. I don't do a lot of deep sea fishing. I because I get seasick. But we have a lot of lakes here in this area. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do a lot of fishing for uh bass. We have a lot of uh uh couple of lakes in our area that are fil- just filled with good sized bass. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then when I get tired of them outwitting me I fish for catfish. Uh-huh. And we use worms and shiners which is pretty much like minnows a little bit bigger than minnows. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I also use spinner baits and plastic worms. Uh-huh. It all depends on what I'm fishing for and the time of day. Well it sounds like you do quite a bit of it. <SEP> I do. Uh there's a lake like maybe two or three miles from here. And it's very convenient on afternoons when I want to just get away and sit and think. Uh-huh. Fishing's a good way to do that. And I have a lot of friends who like to go fishing. Do you have a boat? <SEP> No. I don't. I have a friend who has a little infla- inflatable raft. And we use that sometimes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I wish I had a boat. But I don't. I think the lakes are probably different in Michigan than they are in Texas. The ones around here are so big that you can fish off the dock. Uh-huh. But unless you have a boat you can't really get into the where they call the good fishing holes you know. <SEP> Right. That's the same way here isn't it? Is it? You have to get back in the sticks in the. Uh-huh. My in-laws live on a lake uh a little bit east of Dallas kind of in the Piney Woods. And the lake is beautiful. And I like to go out and stand at the end of the dock and fish. But actually catching fish to eat per se you don't really do much of that right there. I catch a lot of little old uh I think they call them perch. <SEP> Right. And then the the uh turtles try to eat up all my bait. Oh. So it's it's so close to the dock that I think all I do is feed them a little bit. <SEP> We don't have We don't have a big problem with turtles. But it's kind of fun. But we do have a awful lot of snakes in our lakes. Um I would be afraid of that. <SEP> And I Well I can't think of a time that I've been fishing that I haven't run into one or two of them. Do they ever get on your hook? <SEP> No. We uh. Occasionally I'll catch an eel on a on a hook but never the snakes. Uh-huh. They just kind of. Are they poisonous snakes? <SEP> Uh we have a lot of cotton mouth. So yes. They are definitely. Uh-huh. And they live in little shallow little coves that I like to fish in. So I seem them swimming by every once in a while. Yeah. I think I'd be a little bit afraid of those. <SEP> Yeah. They can they're they're certainly ugly. Uh-huh. We uh saw a large snake right off the dock there at my in-laws' place last year. It was probably four inches in diameter or something like that you know. Great big snake. And it of course it scared the women to death you know. But the men come out and said oh well that's only a a king snake it won't really hurt you you know. But it looked so bad. Yeah. And it was so big that it might not would have hurt us. But we sure felt like it was hurting us just being there you know. <SEP> Definitely. But they're scary looking. Do you have bass? Yes uh. I think that uh probably around here people fish for bass and crappie and catfish more than anything else. <SEP> Right. Well that's pretty much the same way here. Uh-huh. I. Now they have a lot of bass tournaments. <SEP> Well we have those. I don't. Uh-huh. I inevitably if I enter one of those I never catch a thing. Oh no. <SEP> I just go out there and sit and watch other people do it. Uh-huh. Well that's kind of. We've never entered a tournament or anything. We're not that big into fishing. But I see a lot of people. You know early in the morning there'll be all the boats going out. And they'll say Well there's a big bass tournament this weekend. And all those people are here for the tournament you know. Oh yes. So I think there's a lot of people that have you know really I guess that you'd call it really sport fishing. They're really into it to try to win. <SEP> Yeah. Oh definitely. My. Certainly here they are. But it is it's very a very relaxing sport to be able to just be out on the water and looking around. The peace and calmness is really relaxing. <SEP> Yeah. It's a good thing to take a nice book and sit back and read and fish. Uh-huh. That's what I do a lot. I've never tried taking a book with me. I'll have to try that one of these days.