Well let me just start by asking what you think of this Middle East affair we've got going on? I think that it's time that we concentrate more on what's going on within our own borders than what's going on in the Middle East. I have to agree with you there. I uh I think that uh for once we should we shouldn't even be at at these Mid East talks because with the exception of our hostages we really don't have too much of a uh real in- we shouldn't have too much of a real interest in deciding whose land it is. Just let these people fight it out. <SEP> I agree. You know we've got so many domestic problems. And and what does it cost these people over there you know. Absolutely. Oh so how about the Soviet Union. What do you think's going to happen there. The break ups? <SEP> I think that's great. Um I'm glad to see that. But I again I don't want to see us pour a whole lot of economic aid into the Soviet Union without a uh well uh a whole lot under any circumstances because I I don't know. I'm I'm a believer in the old adage that if somebody earns something it's worth more to them than if you give it to them. And so I'm I'm not much in favor of it. But I'm glad to see us advising them. Uh-huh. That doesn't seem to cost a whole lot of money. That's right. That's right. <SEP> But I'm ready to have a President elected that at least has some sort of a domestic agenda. Even if it doesn't work at least he is somebody who who is working on that problem. And I I haven't seen that in the last eleven years. So they don't seem to have a clue. Well all I've seen. Reagan obviously wasn't too concerned with the domestic side of of of his political affairs. I I think Bush's kind of followed suit. Um international is important. But uh we've got a budget deficit that just won't go away unless it gets seriously addressed. Uh you know and then there's the homeless issue. And there really is a lot we could be doing stateside without uh hurting our international aspects or straining any international relations I think. And we wouldn't have to spend the billions and billions of dollars each year that we're spending. <SEP> Oh I agree. I just I think we got once we started economic aid overseas we have really set ourselves up to be sort of the the world bank and as far as aid is concerned. Right. And I think there's a limit. And we passed it a long time ago. I agree. We've been writing off way too many bad debts uh country bad debts. Exactly. <SEP> Yeah. That's another thing I don't understand is is is things like selling technology and uh even military hardware to foreign governments and then forgiving their debt. <SEP> To me that just doesn't make any sense. As as much in debt as we are. I know it. I just I don't know. I think it's definitely time for a change. But I don't see anybody. I don't understand too why we have to have Democrats and Republicans. And it's either one way or the other. This it s- seems to be we're turning into a black and white society. Right. <SEP> You either do it this way. Or you do it that way. And there's no in between. That's right. You're either liberal or you're conservative. And that uh it obviously isn't working. Well I think uh it wouldn't hurt. And I know the Independent Party's been trying for years to get a a a real force in in the uh in Congress. But uh you're right. There's just too many issues that come up that uh our senators and our congressmen vote on simply because it's a Democratic issue or it's a Republican issue. <SEP> Oh yeah. And if they would vote with their conscience and with what their constituents feel I think uh we might have a a lot better a lot more efficient running government and a lot better laws passed. Oh I agree with you. Well of course you know we have the national embarrassment in our state Jessie Helms. <SEP> And uh as soon as as we can get. Of course it seems to me that every time he opens his mouth he he just lines up people against him. So it's not too it's not too often that you see him swaying too many opinions. He's uh usually on the ninety-eight to two side. He's the one of the two that votes. He's one of the two huh. <SEP> Yeah. He's very ineffective I think. Well let's see. Senators are in for six years right. <SEP> Right. And uh when did you guys vote him into office? Oh unfortunately nineteen ninety. Oh you're stuck. <SEP> Yeah. We're stuck with him for a little while longer. But uh unfortunately for him but maybe fortunately for us his health is not great. So I hate.