Okay. What kind of house do you live in? Well uh we live in a a brick home in far north Dallas. And it's uh four bedrooms and three and a half baths and swimming pool in the back. And It's about thirty-five hundred square feet. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well it sounds like ours are pretty similar. I live in one. I don't have a swimming pool. And mine's about twenty-seven hundred square foot. Yeah. But the four bedrooms. And all the rest of it sounds just about about alike. I think it's pretty much typical for this area. <SEP> It is. Have you been living there very long? I've been in the house. I'm in here right now about twelve and a half years. So you've been there longer. We built this one about uh. It's been let's see it's been six years six and a half years ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we subcontracted it out ourselves. We bought the lot and uh had an architect draw the plans based on our specifications. Oh really? Uh-huh. <SEP> And then we subbed it out. So we've been here a little over six years now. And uh have really enjoyed it because we built what we wanted to have to live in. Uh-huh. Well I bet you. <SEP> Uh-huh. My husband got his big garage. He ha- we have a three car garage that he has a big work area in. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he likes to rebuild cars and redo engines. And so he has all the work space he needs. Well that sounds interesting. I bet he's enjoyed having it that way. He. Because some-. Kind of hard to find one prebuilt that's kind of fits those specifications. <SEP> It is. And that's why we decided to build. We looked at things that were already uh built. Uh-huh. And the garages were always if the house w- was large it seemed like the garages were small even if they were three car garages which is what we have. Well then most of them don't have a three car garage. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're kind of rare. <SEP> So we put a three car garage in. Uh-huh. But even if they had three car garages they didn't have a work space. All of it was taken up with just car space. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so he has a big landing area that's between where the cars are in the garage and where the house starts that he can work on. Uh-huh. Well that. My we've just got a two car garage. But my husband's got a big space in between the where the cars are and the house where he has a big work shop you know workbench and everything. <SEP> Well sounds like our husbands have similar interests. Now mine does not work on cars. He just piddles on this and that. Oh I see. But he likes to have a spot to keep all of his his piddling things. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's nice that it's not in your house. It really is. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because you know they have a lot of things of their own. And I you know I wouldn't mind having. And I at one time was going to fix up when one of my daughters left a bedroom to where I had a room to just put all of my craft stuff and sewing machine and all that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. But I someone. I don't know. It ended up I got some furniture back that one of them had moved out or something. <SEP> Right. So I didn't end up with my vacant room like I had thought I would. Well we still have a a son and daughter in college that come home. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the other room we use as a guest bedroom because my husband's family come. His parents come. And also the kids have friends who come and stay. Uh-huh. And so it seems like it's always used as a bedroom. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I still. All three of my daughters are married. But I don't know. I just still have need for the four bedrooms just having company from time to time. And some of them coming back home and things you know. Right. <SEP> Oh I understand. And we've got grandchildren now. So when they come they have to have a place. Well we. <SEP> That's true. And you don't want them to not be able to come because there's no room. That's right. You sure don't. At times I keep thinking though that might be kind of nice. Well I c- I haven't reached that point yet. <SEP> I've heard people say that. But uh my middle son is engaged. My oldest son has been going with the same girl for a while. Uh-huh. <SEP> He's out of college and has a good job. Uh-huh. So he could afford to get married but is not engaged yet. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my daughter's been going with the same boy for a while. But she's still in college. And we're just as happy for her to finish her education first. Uh-huh. That's what she plans to do. Well I don't blame you for that. <SEP> So I hope so. Well I have the three girls. And then we ended up with four grandsons. Oh ho-ho. And little boys are around the house a whole lot more than girls. <SEP> A whole new world. Uh-huh. And uh I enjoy them coming but for short doses. <SEP> I can understand. It feels. After they've been here ten minutes they have already explored the entire house. They know everything. Uh-huh. But they're fun. <SEP> So you're all back to the safety catches and the whole nine yards or either watching them every minute. Well I just watch them. Yeah. I d- I never did put things up when my kids were little. And I haven't with them. I try to teach them not to get into things. <SEP> Well that's the same thing that I did. I hope I'll be able to do the same with grandchildren. I think that once you do that your children kind of develop the same attitudes. At least my daughters have. They try to teach theirs not to get into things instead of having to put everything up. So it's worked pretty well. There's. I don't really think anything's been broken. Every now and then we have to kind of go and say now don't bother this you know. Um uh-huh. But all in all they mind pretty well. But I guess most of the hou-. D-. What kind of roof does your house have? Here I'm getting off the subject. <SEP> Well we have.