Um tell me some about your camping experiences Carolyn. Well um I have gone to girl's camp a few times as a you know a chaperon or a leader whatever. Okay. <SEP> And uh I enjoy camping. I. We ha- we have a tent. And we've gone even with our family a few times out camping and have a camp stove um. I guess our our my biggest memory is when we froze to death. We just didn't take enough blankets and whatever. Wh- where do you go camping at around here? <SEP> Uh we went camping at uh Lake Bonham which is is pretty close here. Um. We went fairly early in the season for this area which is probably April is when we went. Okay. <SEP> And and it got really cold at night. And of course we were close enough that we could go back and get some more blankets and things in the morning. Sure. But. Uh what uh what activities do you do when you're camping? <SEP> Oh we take little nature hikes. And and uh we take along games that we can play with the with the kids and just that kind of stuff. Usually try to have a uh occasionally a camp fire at night you know and roast the marshmallows and what all. Uh-huh. Well that sounds like fun. I uh I grew up in South Dakota up in the Black Hills. <SEP> Oh. And so we used to go camping. My dad would take us. There was there was four of us kids. We'd he'd take us. And we'd all go camping my dad and my mom and and the kids. And it was always fun uh. Because what I always remember is my dad would let us pick our camp spot. And uh he'd always tell us you know okay look for you know a nice flat little area where we can pitch our tents. And it always had to be somewhere near a a river so we could go fishing. And hopefully we'd catch our supper. But we never did. Um. But it was it was always fun. We'd always. Mom was always prepared. And she'd bring along you know something because tradition had it we would never catch anything. So we always had something along to eat. <SEP> But then we'd roast roast marshmallows. And it it was always an enjoyable experience. Uh about nineteen eighty-two I moved from Rapid City in the Black Hills. I crossed the state to to Aberdeen. And uh there's no hills. It's flat. And then I was in high school. And uh couple of friends couple of my high school friends and I we'd go camping out by a river of course and and go fishing. But by then of course I was able to catch uh catch some things. But it it was always fun. It was a different experience camping in the hills versus camping just by a river. Uh-huh. You know in the hills we we would do like you di- you folks did you folks did would take the nature hikes and you know and look for animals. And we always you know. In the hills you can see quite a few different animals. But. <SEP> Uh. Go ahead. We used to live in Utah. Okay. <SEP> And uh of course there's lots of mountains around there to camp in and and streams and stuff. That's that's a great place to go camping. And the hiking is just really great. You know hike up those mountains is just really fantastic. Um. Sure. Now is there anything uh are there any mountains or big rocks a person could hike around this area. <SEP> I'm not acquainted with any you know. I. There's woods and things out in East Texas Tyler area you know. Okay. There's a Tyler State Park that's uh really a nice camping area. But it it's just a lot of trees. It's not. I don't know of any place in Texas that has uh really big you know what I call mountains. Uh-huh. I. <SEP> The Rocky Mountains are so much uh bigger than anything that they've they've got down here that. Right. <SEP> Is the one in Tyler has it been pretty commercialized I suppose? No. It's not well it's not too bad. They have um screened in areas you know. They're not really cabins I wouldn't say. I guess they could call them that but they're they're more just a screened in uh camping area whatever. Okay. <SEP> They're they're not bad. Helps helps keep the the pests out I suppose. Yeah. Yeah. Well that sounds. I don't know if I can rate camping. But you know it sure beats driving a thousand miles to to find a mountain I guess. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. I I take it you haven't done a whole lot of camping in this area. No. We just moved down in in June. Oh I see. Well you're still uh get- you're just trying to get over the culture shock still. Yeah. I'm still trying to find my way around. I if I can get on Central from anywhere I'm happy. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well really the ideal times to camp in this area are early spring and in in the fall. Okay. <SEP> It just gets so hot in the summer you can hardly. I mean there's there's a lot.