Well what do you know about Latin American policies? Well I think they're kind of ambivalent really. Uh I just have a feeling that we've kind of talked out of both sides of mouths down there like we do in some other situations you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Huh. Are you uh relating this uh to the uh affair we've got going on in Haiti right now? We we don't know half the time we don't know who to support. <SEP> That and you know maybe it's maybe it's tough for a big powerful nation to deal with with uh countries like that that depend on us so much without you know just telling them running their country for them. Right. But. That that's just it. <SEP> It's got to be tough. But I mean uh uh you sure you still have to you know let them know how you feel. Right. I guess my concern you know no matter which no matter which side we take we're going to have supporters and we're going to have uh antisupporters I guess for lack of better term. And uh like you said they're such small countries that we're bound to upset somebody. But we seem to be lacking the ability to take a stance. Yeah. It worries me that uh the economy of so many countries in in South America and Central America depend on something that damages people like the you know like cocaine from Columbia. Right. <SEP> And uh you know of course I I'm sure we have some enemies down there who wouldn't care what happened to us. Right. But but that is that's a tough deal. That's true. <SEP> And it. I don't think that. Maybe I maybe it's you know I'm reflecting how I feel about it. But I have a feeling that we that we really don't understand basically the the the competing factions in lot of those countries. And I mean they've been hammering for the last you know ten centuries. Sure. And it's still going on. And uh we we dabble in it just enough to make both sides angry at us some how some times. <SEP> Yep. That's about the lump sum of it. Well um I was speaking with a a woman. From I believe she was from the Honduras or Guatemala or somewhere in there. No. She was from El Salvador. Yeah. And uh she was from a relatively wealthy family. And when uh the Contras came into power of course with. Uh oh gosh darn what's his face. He's in in Florida jail now. Marcos. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh no. He's Marcos is Philippines. Yeah. Um well I'm blank on it. Well you know who I'm talking about. <SEP> I can see his face forget his name. Yeah. I I know it uh. Anyway when he came into power he basically just took everybody's property you know just assigned it to himself. Yeah. Kind of nationalized it for himself. Right. <SEP> Right. And uh so she's been a real strong supporter of the Sandinistas and has been trying to back the U S government in that respect. And in that respect I have to agree that I think we're taking the right stance uh because they were a democracy turned uh. Yeah. <SEP> Dictator. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Basically a dictator fascist. <SEP> And it seems like those countries are so easily susceptible to that kind of thing. It just you know unstable. Sure. Well what do you think of uh this uh U S free trade agreement we're working on with Mexico? <SEP> Well I think it's long overdue. Uh-huh. Uh I just you know. There's so much difference in in the economies of the two countries I'm not you know I have a problem uh with whether it's going to work or not you know. There's uh it seems like there's. And I. This may be unfair to Mexico. But it seems like there's a lack of honesty in in foreign policy a lot of the times. Uh-huh. Mexico. They're I know they're trying they're really trying the Mexican government is trying. And a lot of the larger Mexican businesses are trying to oh make themselves Americanized I guess and uh which is great because that's what they basically need to do. <SEP> Yeah. The big problem with the United States is we have our basic nine to five schedule you know. Yeah. And we don't have the Siesta. <SEP> Yeah. And there's the cultural differences is what's is what's kind of it's what's really hurting uh the Mexican people because they've had their way of life. And we've had our way of life. And uh. I think their their version of the good old boy network going that. Uh you know has a lot.