Okay. I'll let you start this time. Well how much do you like lawn and garden work? Well uh even though it's totally out of my uh my degree training I've been working as as in the horticultural aspect so the last I don't know fifteen twenty years so Uh I'm. <SEP> Oh. Oh for goodness sakes. <SEP> What do you do? Well I work for the state as as a grounds keeper. Uh-huh. Well that's interesting. Um so at this time of the year are you doing much garden work? No. Mostly snow removal which we've had a lot of. <SEP> But uh I don't know. I I guess uh growing up on the farm and and that I I've always had a big interest uh. Right. I have a uh when I have an area to do I I always had a big garden and enjoy working on lawns and and everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I love to work outside really. And I enjoy flowers and stuff. I don't do a whole lot of it um at this exact point in my life um because I have two teenage boys. And so they do all the lawn all the lawn care. Okay. <SEP> But I still take care of the you know flower beds and things like that. I was even planning to go out and to uh dig up some hibiscus plants that will not make it through the winter here but you know were planted in the ground since last spring. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I was going to dig them up for a friend and for some starters for me. And lo and behold about five days ago we had a freeze down to about oh twenty-three degrees or something. Uh-huh. So the hibi- hibiscus plants no longer exist. Oh that's terrible. Twenty-three de-. <SEP> And I really feel bad about it. It's a plant that we've had for probably twenty-five years that these were cuttings off of you know. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So they're all gone at this point. Gardening in Texas is really interesting though. I grew up in Illinois. Yeah. And um Texas is just so hot in the summer and so dry. Why you know everyone that lives in town and has yards practically has land- uh watering system. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so with that why our lawns do stay um you know pretty nice all summer if you water. Uh-huh. But in the winter we have Bermuda grass. Uh-huh. <SEP> And in the winter it turns as brown as a grocery sack. Right. Yeah. And and I just think it's ugly. <SEP> When I go back home to my parents in Illinois in the winter you know and their grass is fairly green. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's one one aspect of a lot of those grasses they go dormant. I think the Saint Augustine and uh Centipede grass is another one you have quite a bit of down there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Those two. <SEP> Yeah. Some people have I think it's fescue that stays green all winter. Yeah. But they really have a heck of a time keeping it going in the middle of the summer. Um. Yeah. <SEP> They have to water an incredible amount. But um those law- those lawns look nice during the winter. But you know they almost stick out like a I guess not a sore thumb a pretty thumb. But you know when you look at the neighborhoods and they're all brown except the one you know. It's sort of like well. Well I know my folks live uh in Arizona there. And uh you know they just grow rocks. And. That's their gardening there. So uh I guess as long as you can have uh some grass there. <SEP> Right. So. I know I was in uh Houston when I was working for a company once. And we were taking care of lawns out there. And uh that particular year they had just tons of rain you know. It was raining continuously. Uh-huh. And then I know with all that moisture a lot of the lawns get a lot of disease problems. <SEP> Yes. That's true. Yeah. Houston is a lot um a lot wetter than than Dallas Dallas area. That's where Plano is. And um and just humidity you know just all the time it's an awfully lot more humid. Uh-huh. Are are you uh able to get uh sometimes a double crops of of certain things in your garden? <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. I think people do. Yeah. I don't have a vegetable garden. Haven't for I guess I never have here actually. But um but yes. Uh-huh. We have Neil Sperry talks on the radio.