Uh I guess uh I've always been kind of interested in in space and stuff. I've read a lot of the the uh astronomy books and and stuff like that. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you been following the uh the progress of the space health code? Uh to a degree. I haven't kept up as uh much as I would like. Uh-huh. I've just been so busy uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I barely get a chance to read a newspaper now and then. So. Yeah. I think it's pretty exciting that they can uh. It would be interesting to see if they can find uh other planets that are that will be more habitable to uh you know uh humans. And uh yeah. I think I would be very interested in space travel in the future if uh if it you know if it is at all possible. Yeah. Well I wouldn't even mind uh being a pilot on one. <SEP> Or right now. But I'm probably getting a little too old for that. Well I know if they make the advances that they have been making that uh maybe age will no longer age or even physical uh abilities may not be uh a barrier anymore. Right. Yeah. Well they they just made leaps and jumps. I think a lot of our our technology we have is is quite a bit due to lot of the space travel uh uh equipment and stuff that. <SEP> Yeah. I agree. Uh. As a matter of fact we're the ones that I have been to Houston to to you know to visit the uh space center out there. And uh one of the big advances that we use every day now is Velcro. Uh-huh. And uh that vacuum uh little space program was one of the big you know backers of that. Yeah. <SEP> It's amazing you know. You. It's hard to imagine what life was like without it now. Yeah. I don't know if you ever watch Gallagher you know. He's one of the comedians. And and you know he he talks a lot on on Velcro. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I've h- seen him before. Wh- i- what would we do without it? <SEP> Yeah. Yo- we were talking about that just the other day. What did we do without it back then? Yeah. I guess there was a lot of buttons and a lot of zippers and snaps. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. There's there's a lot of a lot of little things that have come up. I know maybe some of the big things that uh uh. Concentrated foods for one maybe. I don- Uh I don't know. That's right. That's right. It's also just I've I've often pictured uh in my mind you know what it would be like to just what would you find if you just kept on going kept on going? <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. Uh I guess our minds are so uh uh what is it? Uh finite. Uh-huh. When we try and picture the universe as an infinite object and it's hard to to see you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I always thought well what do you do hit a brick wall eventually. <SEP> It's hard to consider that something could go on indefinitely. Yeah. That that is uh that is something that would be hard to think about. I agree. You know like you say we're used to finite things. And something that is infinite and just incomprehensible. Yeah. But. <SEP> But uh yeah. I would like to see them uh do more in that area to make space travel more uh something that the ordinary person can uh en- enjoy. Yeah. I know it's I think it's in people's nature to be the first to do something. Uh-huh. And I I'd love to be the first one to step on a planet or some like you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Me too. I wouldn't even mind being not so much being first but just uh get out there and and just explore. Yeah. I think uh it's in everyone's nature to some degree to want to get out and explore something they haven't or experience something you know indifferent. Huh. <SEP> I think that's what made us uh progress to the state we are is our curiosity. Oh sure. Sure. Of course. That's true. There must be some better so- better way of doing this. A better place to be or whatever you know. It's. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you you are always looking for something better. Yeah. That's true. I know at work uh people always complain to me. I well you are always whining. And it's I'm always looking for something better. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. There's a better way of doing it than what we are doing it. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And if you are just content with being you know with the way things are then you know then you must lead lead a pretty dull life. Yeah. Because if yo-. Well they are always finding easier ways. And you know just because they don't talk about it or something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they are doing it un- you know unconsciously. Yeah. I guess uh you don't really think about it too much. I guess you are always finding newer ways and better ways of doing stuff. But yo-. It it's in a subconscious you know thing. You know somewhere they can sit down and write down what you know things that you've improved upon. You probably wouldn't have a pretty good list. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you just don't think about them. Right. And that's true. I think uh you know. We've gotten different programs at work you know to to uh make it visible to management that we are doing things better.