Uh well I I guess it's a subject I haven't thought too much about. Uh I don't know if there's so much wrong with the public schools uh as much as we're expecting too much out of them. <SEP> Uh that might be a lot to do with it. I know a lot of it here in my state. I'm from Mississippi. I'm not sure where you're from. Minnesota Wisconsin. Minnesota. Okay. Well a lot of it in Mississippi here has got to do with funding. Yeah. <SEP> Problems with our educational system a lot of it's due to money. Uh-huh. And they're trying to spend money where we don't have it. And there's a lot of things we need that we just can't afford. Yeah. Well it's it is getting very expensive to run schools. So. <SEP> Well it is. They've got computers now that you got to train on. There's just so much uh more and less money to do it with. Right. <SEP> That's true. And a lot of it lot of it has to do with uh salaries too speaking of money. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Cause if you can't pay the right people you know they're not to be able to do they're not not going to get the people that can do a good job. Yeah. Yeah. I I I guess that in uh. Talking on a lot of the things as far as the discipline in the schools I I think they're expecting schools to discipline the kids. And uh I think it should go right back to the parents. If you don't train your kids right then. Right. <SEP> Right. I feel the same way. A lot has to do with how the kids were raised at home. Right. Yeah. And then when the kids get to school they try to take away a lot of things that they can do to discipline the kids. I mean they've so severely limited. What disciplinary action you can do. Yeah. Yeah. I I know when I uh was going to school it wasn't uncommon for a teacher to strike a student that was misbehaving. <SEP> Exactly. Right. I mean they do that now. And they could probably lose their job. Lose their job and big lawsuit and all that. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I feel that's got a lot to do with it. People aren't as afraid of misbehaving as they used to be. Right. Right. Yeah. It seems that'd be a subject that I I don't have much to say on. Really. We we've talked some about it in my state because we've had a lot of uh prob-. Our governor that just got thrown out of office was trying to be real big on education. But he wasn't. Yeah. <SEP> And a lot of his problems had to do with money mostly. I know a lot a lot of. If you have more money it's just logical that you can provide a better school system. Uh-huh. And unfortunately there's not many places to get that money. Yeah. <SEP> Then if you don't have qualified teachers in the different. I know one of my physics professors at college has addressed this. That most of the teachers at the elementary and high school level aren't scientists. They're teachers. And they may not know a lot about what they're teaching. Where they may have just had a teaching major and then had some social studies courses. And they're trying to teach social studies. And they don't know a lot about that. Right. Where maybe a physics professor. He my professor was a physics professor. And he said a lot of teachers teaching physics today have no background of physics at the high school level. So therefore they're teaching from a teacher's point of view and not from a physicist point of view. And that causes a lot of trouble. Right. Yeah. I don't know. E- e- maybe they should sit back and and kind of uh decide on where the money's best spent. I know in a lot of cases uh different districts like to have nice fancy schools. <SEP> Right. And maybe they should be a little more uh uh concerned with paying the right people to teach and and be uh satisfied with maybe a little older school. Exactly. Because I mean here in the town I went to high school. One of the there were four high schools in my county one of the high schools was blown away by a tornado. So when they rebuilt that school they had a a top of the line high tech school there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the other schools were built back in maybe the fifties or early sixties. And then when uh the evaluation committees came through they praised the school that had been rebuilt while they were down grading all these other ones. Telling them what they needed to do to fix up this building. And this and this and this and so it kind of would make you think that we'd all be better off if all the schools were blown away by tornadoes and we had to rebuild them. Yeah. Yeah. Well I I know uh where I came from. We didn't have a very uh rich community. And uh high school that I went to was very old. And uh as far as I know it's still there. They've e- expanded on it. But they've never built a new one. And it's probably fifty sixty years old or or better. And I don't foresee them uh building a new one for a long time because they can't afford it. Right. <SEP> Exactly.