Hello. Hi. Hi. <SEP> My name is uh Donna Donahue. And I live in Plano Texas. Hi. My name is Lowell. And I live in Raleigh North Carolina. Oh okay. Um do you want to start. Or should I start? Go right ahead. <SEP> Okay um. I would say that our home is a very typical home for the area that we live in. We have um three children. And um they attend the public school here and are very active in a lot of the sports soccer and baseball. And well my little girl goes to tap dance. And my little one goes to preschool. And um I'm home with the children just do a lot of running around. It seems like a lot of my neighbors kind of have a similar type I don't know life. Um what about you? I'm I'm single. And I I live in a town home here in Raleigh. Uh-huh. And it's pretty typical of the other town homes in the area. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Ther- we we have a lot of town homes here as well as single family homes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And at the time that I bought this one it was just a a much better arrangement for me personally. I'm not home a lot. I travel a great deal with my job. Uh-huh. And so it was easier to have a home that didn't exactly that somebody else looks out for the maintenance. <SEP> Was sort of maintenance free. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well um that that sounds that sounds pretty good for. I know my husband takes an awful lot of time on the weekends not so much now but to um maintain the lawn and the edging and the flower beds. And it's a lot of work owning a home with a little bit of property attached to it. It's. It certainly is. Sometimes I think um it would be nice to have a town home with not having all that responsibility. Well if you ever get one be sure the walls are good and thick because if they're not you can hear. I that's the main thing when I was shopping for one. I wanted to make sure I could I couldn't hear my neighbors. And that was. <SEP> Right. So I bought one that's more like living in a. Once you're inside you don't know you're in a town home. Oh that sounds lovely. It is. They're kind of built on a catty-cornered instead of like side by side. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you don't actually hear anybody next door to you. Uh-huh. So in in your area then there's probably a lot of um career type people that have those type homes. And. Yes. Definitely. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um the area that we're settled in is um definitely young young families with with kids. They're still doing um a lot of building in the neighborhood. So the people that move here seem to move from all over the country which we're from um the northeast. And um seems like a people just don't or also don't have any family around. So it um also gives you a common bond when you don't have a lot of relatives visiting your neighbors. And you know um. But um. Well we also in this area seem to have a lot of retirees people who don't want the heat of Florida but don't want the heat of the the cold of the northeast. Uh-huh. So they settle sort of in-between. <SEP> Right. Right. Uh-huh. Now it's um is it very wooded around where you are. There lots of pretty trees and. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. As a matter of fact this is a uh this particular community that I live in is very wooded. Oh how pretty. It is nice. <SEP> I do miss that. Around here in Plano there are very few trees. And it's pretty flat and and kind of barren. And that's the only thing that we don't like about living in Texas is we miss all the beautiful trees and the Fall. And and um uh the landscape is much different here in Texas than it is you know in the north. Um or even where you are. Uh we definitely have a lot of trees here. A lot of leaves to rake up too I bet. Yes. But fortunately the home owner's association does all that. <SEP> Does that. Well see that's another plus. Yes. I don't have to worry about that. And this is the time of year we're starting to lose. They're all falling now. That's right. That's right. They are. I'm going to get the kids to get outside with the other neighbor kids and do the little bit of raking that needs to be done. We just have a few trees in the front and a few in the back but not not much. Just just a little kind of just in more of a make a little bit of a mess for a few weeks. And if you didn't do anything about it then they'd probably the leaves just blow away. Right. <SEP> It's not too bad. Okay. Do we have to speak for a certain amount of time? No. I don't think so. Okay. Okay. It was really nice speaking to you. It was good to speak with you too. <SEP> Okay. And have a happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.