We're supposed to talk about crime in the city. Uh-huh. And uh seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays doesn't it? <SEP> Well uh I. That's. Sure. Uh I I think it's. S- st- statistics obviously vary greatly. I always thought of Dallas as being a fairly safe place. Well it is. But our crimes up here uh as I think it must be in most cities now. But uh I was listening to the news the other day. And they said they thought a lot of it the reason it was up so was because of the uh so many people are without work nowadays. Economy's so bad. Do you really believe that? I mean it it's been up every year for many years. And the economy hasn't been this bad for so long has it? <SEP> That's a good point. That's just what they quoted over the news. Yeah. I don't know if I believe that or not. But it it does seem up. And. <SEP> What kind of newspaper do you get down there? What kind? Yeah. Well we got a I think we got a pretty good newspaper. Uh we have two the MORNING NEWS and the uh TIMES HERALD. <SEP> Uh-huh. MORNING NEWS seems to have the largest circulation. I think it's a pretty good. It's a locally owned paper. Uh-huh. The HERALD is owned I think by the TIMES out of uh L A or somewhere. <SEP> Yes. But. D- do they do they play up the local crime angles. Or d- or do they. Well they don't. No. Not really uh. They don't play it up I don't think. Uh but there there is too much of it you know uh too many homes broken into. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We had our our fact about uh. Last year sometime our home was broken into. <SEP> Really? We. So this is a topic of personal interest. Yeah. We uh uh. I didn't think ours ever would be burgled into burgled. But so many in our neighborhood had been. And uh because we live on a corner and back up to a real uh highly traveled main street. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But uh we were so uh. <SEP> So so you saw this happening in your neighborhood. And you figured it wouldn't happen to you. Sort of yeah. And I never did get a security system. But since that happened I certainly have. Yeah. What kind of system do you have? It's uh uh I guess excuse me just a standard. Uh with the uh all the doors and the uh infrared thing you know motion detector. <SEP> Uh-huh. Pre- Pretty standard. Is Is this is this one with some company that that services you and takes your calls and all that stuff? <SEP> Yes. Yes. It's monitored and all that. <SEP> Yeah. And. Well is that a necessary feature to have somebody you know at the other end of the line. Or is it enough just to have a thing that makes loud noise? I think uh the thing that makes a lot of noise would would suffice. <SEP> Yeah. I really do. But uh this deal that was part of it for you know three years or so to pay the unit off or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh but it uh. The monitoring is not that bad though. Because uh uh we've goofed it up you know. Several times you'll hit the wrong key not intentionally or something. And and they call back pretty quickly. So I guess it's you know I think it's all right. But I. To answer your question I think uh uh I think uh that is a pretty good deterrent in itself. Yeah. Whether it. <SEP> S- s- so you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system. Uh-huh. And what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line? Well it's got a back up system that doesn't work supposedly. Tha- uh that if it's cut supposedly it notifies them anyway. Supposedly. <SEP> How does it do that? Who knows you know. But that's a selling point. And I think they're probably I think it probably does these things or sur- supposedly pretty good. Uh-huh. Boy they sure advertise them you know so many of them nowadays. <SEP> Sure. But uh well don't don't you all have a pretty high crime rate up there? Well yeah uh. I'm not saying it's any higher than anybody else's. Down here we seem to. Or or not here. But the statistics seem to say that. I don't know. <SEP> I I think it's the murder capital of the country now. Is that right? Yes. I would gather probably from drugs. <SEP> Absolutely. And I think that's the reason it's so high everywhere. Yeah. But I don't think there's anyplace. Used to. Years ago you thought well these little small cities and all wouldn't have that problem. But they do. <SEP> Yeah. We've had relatives that their children were just as involved in it uh as anyone you know. S- s- so what's the solution? That's a good question. I don't know. I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. <SEP> And all these politicians make make hay over you know being anticrime. Yeah. But they haven't seemed to have changed anything. Yep. <SEP> Th-. And nothing seems to change. And uh I'm not sure that anything will because these if something could happen to make these people not want to buy it. Uh-huh. Uh but they want to buy it. So. <SEP> Yeah. Supply and demand. Long as somebody wants to buy it somebody going to provide it for them. So I don't know I don't got you know I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. Yeah. I don't think anyone does in fact. <SEP> Yeah. What.