Yeah. They just raised our taxes up here about a year ago. Well they've uh statewide raises. They raise ours it seems like constantly. We just uh passed a new one uh. Fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines. Oh right. Indianapolis got that didn't they? <SEP> Right. And uh we had passed a a provisional one that if if it did if they did locate here we would raise our taxes. But uh at least we thought we'd get something back from that. Yeah. Uh how do you feel about taxes? Well it seems like a big politics game. Like up here last year the governor was up for re-election. So he said the budget was fine. The state didn't have any money. And then right after he won the election he said we owed a lot of money. So they raised all our taxes. <SEP> And now it's election time again. So they're trying to lower them. Oh. So they're just talk about lowering them. But they never do. They just keep raising them. <SEP> I've never seen taxes really go down. Yeah. Me neither. Well actually they're going to here because they didn't have a budget for so long. So they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year. And they're going to lower it for next year. Oh. I guess they figure they're going to make up for all they didn't get when they should have had a budget. <SEP> I hope they put that in writing. Yeah. Yeah. They say they're going to lower. But I'll see. I feel like the middle class people are supporting the nation and uh that the rich are not paying their share. And of course the poor can't afford it either. But uh I really feel like. And and I feel like you know. I'm a middle class person income wise anyway. And uh I get tired of supporting the whole country. Yeah. So do I. I mean I'm a a middle class barely. But uh I don't think the rich are paying mo- less not enough. I think they're paying too much. <SEP> You think the rich are paying too much? Yeah. I mean if you're in the the three three percent bracket and they take a third of your check every month well that's ridiculous. Why bother working? Well I don't know many rich that don't have enough tax breaks to. I mean I'm talking about the really rich. Well they should just tax everybody the same amount no matter what you make. <SEP> Right. That would be fair. Now I'll go along with that. You know. Yeah. <SEP> No loopholes or anything. Everybody pays ten percent or fifteen or whatever. Right. Now I think that would be fair. Right. <SEP> And I you know. No no ifs ands and buts you know. No big elaborate laws that say uh you know call for a lot of enforcement or a lot of review. It's just you know you make this you pay ten percent. If you make a hundred dollars you pay ten percent. If you make a million dollars you pay ten percent. Yeah. That's the way our state tax is here. I think it's pretty fair. Our state taxes are somewhat based on the federal. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh they have not gotten it where the withholding is accurate. Oh. So and and you withhold no matter what you do. They withhold what they're supposed to and at the end of the year it's not enough. Oh great. So you ought to be saving up some every month to make up for all what they should be taking out. <SEP> Right. So now you know when you sign your W-Four form or whatever W-Two whatever that is then they always say do you want a extra amount for state. Which is ridiculous. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it's been that way for the last probably ten years. Yeah. I guess you have to check yes. Or you come down to the end of the year. And you don't have it to give it to them. Right. Unless you have a lot of deductions. Yeah. <SEP> But you know if you have a lot of federal deduction it ends up hurting you state wise. Really? And you end up owing you know. You may get nine hundred dollars back from federal. And you're going to owe fifteen hundred in state. Ouch. <SEP> And uh it's it's just ridiculous. But I I don't know. I've. They just came up with a twenty-five percent increase on personal property in in Oklahoma county and that is a chunk. Yeah. I'll say. I mean twenty-five percent increase. Y-. Is.