Well what kind of car uh are you thinking of buying next? Uh more than likely it's going to be a Chrysler. You like the Chrysler products do you? <SEP> Uh Chrysler LeBaron. Yeah. It won't be a Ford. I've got a Ford Mustang now. And I hate it. Do you really? Yeah. What year is it? <SEP> It's a eighty-eight. And why don't you like the Mustang? It's um. I've had one problem with it after the other. I'll be darned. <SEP> The pa- the paint's peeling off of it. And there's no reason for it you know. Fix or repair daily or find them re- road dead. Well you know the old sayings about Fords what they stand for. There you go. <SEP> Well uh. That uh. I uh. It's. My electrical system shorted out like two or three times. And it's been torn up since April. And I and luckily everything was under warranty. So it's only costing like a hundred and forty dollars to get it fixed. It would have been like two thousand. Well we've always uh we've always had Oldsmobiles and uh been very uh happy with Oldsmobiles. But uh my wife thought she wanted to get a Ford Mustang. And then she kind of changed her mind and thinks her next car ought to be one of those uh Mitsubishi Eclipses. She real- She likes uh likes those. <SEP> Those those are nice cars. She has a sister that lives in uh Phoenix that has one and uh really uh enjoys it. Well what uh what things do you consider when you buy a car? Um the gas mileage for one thing. And I've I've I've always had like stick shift. I want to the next car I get I want it to be automatic. I see. <SEP> I uh I I hate driving anyway. And then and changing gears at stop lights and stuff is really getting on my nerves now. Yeah. Especially when you're in high traffic areas and have to mess with that all the time. Yeah. <SEP> And you know when you work nine to five or eight to five and you're in rush hour traffic to and from work unfortunately. That makes it very frustrating. And I look. And one of the things with Chrysler right now is is their the warranties that they have. And I I feel like their. Everybody I've talked to that owns one has has has been real pleased with it. And I like the the driver's air bag. I like that. Now this is a LeBaron? <SEP> Uh yeah. Well all Chrysler products has it in there. But LeBaron would be the next car I get. Yeah. I sure like the uh convertible those rag top LeBarons. They really look sporty. Yeah. Yeah. I like I like that too huh. But uh I I couldn't afford the insurance on one of those. Well uh we always. This last Oldsmobile we bought uh it's an eighty-seven. But we bought it in eighty-eight you know right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we found that uh we found a real good interest rate. You know when they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that they really come down on their prices. And uh uh you know we looked around at used cars. And we really couldn't uh afford the payments on a used car. Because uh if you go to the bank and try to get a loan they want to charge twelve thirteen percent you know. And we ended up I think with like a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car and the payments. Well that's what I'm paying on mine now. I had to get like a first time. My dad's always cosigned on on my my loans or whatever. And this is one when I bought. I got my Mustang this time was by myself because I got on my own or whatever. And um I had said. They they said it had to be like a first time buyer's car or whatever. And they're charging me unreasonable interest. But I've got eight more payments. And it's paid for. Well that's great. <SEP> But I got it when I got it when the eighty-eights first came out. It's a it's it's a good car I mean I got in eighty-seven I guess in like November or something like that. And. Uh-huh. Well when our kids were younger we really wanted a two door. Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven. It was a two door Cutlass Supreme. And uh it just happened that when we looked for our our new car they had a thing going with Oldsmobile. And if you'd buy a a new Oldsmobile they'd give you four hundred rebate because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary. Uh-huh. I belie-. Yeah. Seventy-fifth anniversary. So in addition to everything else we got off the car all we had to do is show them our uh papers on our first car. And they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it. So we we got a four door this time. And I sort of went more for the uh the comfort factor. And uh I liked the smaller cars. But I'm a bigger person. And I I really like comfort you know driving along the road and stuff. <SEP> Well that's another big factor of mine. Next next car I get's going to be a four door too. Something with some room. Yeah. Because I uh my Mustang is is is two door with bucket seats. And you buy groceries and stuff like that. And if you try to take anybody you know go to the show or go out for supper and you go as a foursome.