Well uh guess it's logical to ask do you exercise any? Well unfortunately very little. Uh much less than what I need to. I'm about the same way. I I do a little bit. My job kind of hinders me from exercising. I'm a night operator here at a industry down here. And I don't really get out a lot to because my job to to exercise. <SEP> Well I uh am an assistant teacher and uh in business technology. And I've I think the most exercise I've gotten in the last three to four month is jumping up and down to go answer the kids' questions. It keeps me pretty busy. But it's not really the kind of exercise that gets your heart rate going. Right. And uh you know it really. Exercise is so important. It is. <SEP> And I realize that. That's that's the way I feel. I'm used to being in pretty good shape because when I was in high school I stayed in pretty good shape played a little basketball and stuff like that. But I've got. Now I'm in college. And I go to school during the day and work at night. I can tell that I've not really done a whole lot. When you uh exercise what do you do? Do you do it at home or a club. Or. Well uh I usually I usually play at home. We live out in the country. So me and my brother play basketball and have a bunch of guys come over and play. Or a lot of times we're we're up at the church. We'll play volleyball. Stuff like that. <SEP> I got a hold of uh Richard Simmons' tape uh. Oh really? What is it uh. I can't even think of the name of it right offhand with the oldies. Oh the SWEATING TO THE OLDIES? <SEP> Sweating with the to the oldies. Yeah. And that's not bad. Oh really? That's pretty upbeat. So you know I every once in a while I'll put the cassette in and go with it. Right. <SEP> Not often enough to have a routine. Right. I'll. My little Schnauzer wishes I would get out and walk with her. Oh really? <SEP> But uh I don't know. By the time I get home all I want to do is just collapse or sit down at my computer. And my fingers exercise more than anything now. Right. That's the way I am. I just want to sit down and relax. Too tired to exercise. I did. Yes. Uh do you ever ride a bike or anything like that? I started riding my bike about a couple of months ago. And I'd ride about two or three miles a day. But but it would last about a couple of weeks. And it got real cold for a little while. So I gave it up. <SEP> Here about the the most common exercise for people is to go to the malls and walk uh. Walk around. Because they're enclosed. And no matter what the weather is they can walk at a pretty good clip and and not have to worry about the weather summer or winter. Right. <SEP> Right. I've noticed people doing that down here too. I'll be in town or something. And people will walk around the mall. And it's safe. It it is fairly safe. <SEP> That's uh you know inside the mall. May be not safe going to the parking garage. Yeah. Certain parts of it. I know a doctor once told me it it. A friend of mine uh suggested swimming as being the best exercise there is. Right. <SEP> Right. I used to do a lot of swimming. We have we have a swimming pool. But it's an old concrete pool. We've been having trouble with it the past few years. So we haven't got to use it much. But I love to swim and water ski and stuff like that. The uh swimming they say uses more muscles than any other exercise with. And the water takes the resistance. Right. <SEP> Right. And you don't get the soreness. I've I've done some water exercises. But our pool is not is not heated. So it's. Right. You can't do it year round. Summertime only. Right. That's the way ours is. <SEP> You don't go out when it's twenty some odd degrees go out to the swimming pool. Oh no. It's too cold. <SEP> Hot tubs are not uh not too bad. But. I could deal with a hot tub. Those are nice. So what part of Mississippi are you from? I'm from Laurel. <SEP> Whereabouts is that? That's way down towards the south. Not quite on the coast. But we're about two hours from the coast. Oh. And you do have cold weather down there? Yes ma'am. It it started about yesterday I believe. It started raining and got real cold. <SEP> Ours started Thanksgiving. Oh. And uh from there just well. Today was pretty. But uh oh Sunday the snow and ice came in. Right. <SEP> And uh there was no exercise.