Okay. Go ahead. Well I I uh we're going to compare notes. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> I uh I often desire to exercise often believe I should and rarely do. Don't do it. Well I tell you I I firmly believe in exercising. I think it's a. I do it every day on a regular basis. I. <SEP> What what what sort of of regiment do you have? Well I just got back from biking twelve and a half miles. But this time of year you can't get much biking in. Uh. But every morning I use this President's uh council of physical fitness. And it really is uh uh it's worth doing. And you can do it anywhere. I I travel quite a bit in my in my business. Yes. And you can do it you know wherever you're at. And if you do it. I I do it every morning after uh usually after breakfast before I take a shower and get you know dressed going you know to go to work. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. And uh now what I do. I mean I've done this for you know like fifteen years. So you don't start at this kind of regiment you know. <SEP> Yes. I. So what I'm telling you isn't something you go out and do. And and you'll hurt yourself. Uh. Every every uh. It takes me about fifteen minutes to do this now because I do it all the time. But I uh I do twenty-five uh uh where you have your arms above your head and and your body twisters touch right you know left and right toe. Uh-huh. And I do uh ten uh right and left uh trunk twisters. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do uh about sixty uh bicycle type uh leg thrust type things. Uh-huh. And I do uh twenty uh leg lifters on each side. You know when you're p- laying on the floor. <SEP> Yes. Yes. <SEP> Right. And then I do fifty push-ups and do a hundred sit ups. And uh then I do about uh. My goodness. You do all of this in fifteen minutes? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And then uh thirty uh. Now if you did football like the old grass drills where you're on your stomach and you. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know prone type things where you're kind of rocking on your stomach type thing. And that takes about really about maybe about thirteen minutes uh in the morning. Yeah. <SEP> Now what what keeps you doing that. I mean I I sometimes start little much less much more modest efforts. But I give up. I just find them boring. Hard to find the time for it on a given day. Well uh. And. Years ago I used to uh referee football. <SEP> Yes. And uh to stay in condition I did that uh just as a normal basis. Yes. And uh uh I tell you just by doing it uh. Well example this summer I I was about fifteen pounds heavier than I wanted to be. So I I increased. I do three hundred sit ups a day now but not at that in the morning. I do a hundred then. And then I do about a hundred before supper and about a hundred before I go to bed. <SEP> Uh-huh. I lost fifteen pounds just by doing that because you tighten your stomach muscles. Yes. And you know you can eat anything you want drink anything you want. But you don't you know. Within reason you know you can lose weight or maintain your weight and your physical being. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yep. And uh I just you know. You're ready to go at a. I I I think it's really important. <SEP> Well I I whenever I do it I feel good. I mean good that I have done good because it's it seems right and good because it has good effects. Good. <SEP> But but it's this maintaining a a regular habit that I just can't seem to do. Well that's why Chuck I think uh if you did it on a daily basis and you didn't need elaborate things you know where you can make excuses like. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I like biking. And during the summer I'll do you know at least seventy-five miles a week and when I really was doing it maybe a hundred and fifty. Uh-huh. But you can't you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. There's excuses weather. Yep. Or you don't have time or something like that. But if you do some basic exercises and you say every morning just like brushing your teeth you're going to spend fifteen minutes or a half hour. And you get up a half hour earlier. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And once you start getting into that one you just feel good. <SEP> Yes. And you look a whole lot better. Yes. Do you do you does your wife participate in any of this. Or. Unfortunately not. And there's no way I can get her to. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a like it's something you either just really want to do it. Or you can't talk anyone into it. If you don't like to exercise you know it isn't going to happen. Yes. Yes. I I sure wish she would. She's you know unfortunately overweight. And but she's a wonderful woman. And you know no sense getting in arguments with anybody about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I I uh I keep saying if somebody else would do it with me I that would be little bit of peer pressure would help considerably. Well. <SEP> But you seemed to have s- solved that problem without any any external help. No problem at all. And uh if you get one of these mats. You know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these A B C -s of physical fitness on them. <SEP> Yeah. One of my kids got me one of those for Christmas one year. And uh. What what what what's on what's this mat I mean. It it it's just an exercise mat that rolls up. So you can put it up you know just in the corner. <SEP> Is it like the sort of thing you take on a camping trip and sleep on it. Well yeah. You can do that. I mean it's that it's that kind of like half inch of foam or something. But but it doesn't. <SEP> Yeah. It's a foam thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's just about six feet long rolls up. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't take it on trips with me. I you could. But uh I don't mind uh you know. If I do like sit ups I'll throw a a towel down or something. You know. Yeah. So you don't have the abrasive.