Well what's your favorite baseball team Rita? Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right. Is that what I-. <SEP> Is the million dollar question here? Well that isn't a a true false or right or wrong test here. Yeah. Uh uh you know I would like to say the Rangers. But unfortunately they're not. I was from Illinois. And my favorite team was the White Sox. Not a Cubbies fan huh. <SEP> No. No. My family my dad was. But I turned out to be a White Sox fan. Well that's all right. I lived in Chicago. How do you expect them to do this year? <SEP> Yeah. They did pretty well. Okay. What did you think of the World Series? Well I'll tell you. I just uh moved down from South Dakota in July. And uh in South Dakota the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so everybody was a Twins fan. And I was kind of uh didn't have much interest in the Twins you know. It was it was kind of pathetic I mean. We only had two radio stations. And one of them broadcast every Twins game live you know. And and the other one was country. So you didn't really have a lot of choice did you. So that's right. <SEP> There's was Twins there or you know Skip Williams. Or country. <SEP> Yeah. Oh uh and I was routing for the Twins myself because uh they a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here uh went to Minnesota. And we used to tease about my son. And I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota. But it was int- it certainly was an exciting Series anyway. It sure was. It sure was. What do you think going to happen to the Rangers? Well I I would like to a- a- assume that they're going to do do better this coming year. <SEP> Or can we predict? I was sure hopeful anyway. When we moved down uh I was able to go to my first you know baseball game and thought this is great this is incredible. Uh-huh. So I became a Rangers fan. I didn't really have one in South Dakota. So I adopted the Rangers. Or rather they adopted me I guess. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it was just exciting you know. You can watch baseball on T V. And they hit the long ball. And it looks like wow they really hit that ball. But when you go to the ball park it's really not all that far you know. No. And it's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you. And. <SEP> Oh isn't it though. You know but oh I I think going to the ball park just really makes it. Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you're more a part of it too. That's right. That's right. Well I'm a great sports enthusiast. So I love you know baseball teams. And they. In fact on the news tonight Nolan Ryan was on there. He was being he was put in the which I never knew existed the Restaurant Hall of Fame. The Restaurant Ha-. <SEP> The Restaurant Hall of Fame inducted him tonight. And he uh says he's coming back you know uh. Huh. He doesn't know how many years I mean to pitch. Right. <SEP> He'll be at least one more. And he said he's been saying one more and it's been two and three might be two and three more. He likes it. That's right. Yeah. And he's still doing great still doing excellent. <SEP> That's right. You know and he said I get a kick out of it you know. He's he's such a nice man. Well didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers? <SEP> Yeah. And he. You know when he quits at being active he will go into you know being a managing and yeah you know being a coach I'm sure. Management. Right. <SEP> But he's uh he certainly is a good example uh for the kids. That's right. You know you like to have someone like that you could point to say see what a fine man that he is. You know some of the. Like uh Ivan Rodriguez wasn't even born when when uh Nolan Ryan started pitching. <SEP> That's right. And it's just incredible to think that there's uh there are players who are the sons of ball players that used to play against Nolan or with Nolan you know. Uh-huh. And now their sons are. <SEP> Oh he's been a legend for so many years you know. And I don't know. Were you here had you moved here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son. His son pitched for U T. And he pitched for an exhibition game for the Rangers. Uh-huh. I wasn't. Yeah. It was a. I think it was a little early part of the summer. And uh Nolan against. Was it Nolan against uh. <SEP> Ryan against Ryan huh. Ryan against Ryan. Yeah. His son pitched for U T. Well that is neat. <SEP> And uh only uh Ryan didn't want too much publicity on it because he didn't want his son getting too nervous about this whole thing. Uh-huh. A game is a game you know. Well the Rangers really uh knocked the socks off of them which you would expect you know anyway. Right. <SEP> But Nolan I think took himself out after a couple of innings or something you know of the game. So.