Okay. So what do you uh think is the uh the worst culprit for air pollution? Well I think it's it's probably a combination of things. Um factories that that burn coal as a an energy source with sulfur and nitrogen contaminants you know. And you get sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh those are the ones I think primarily contribute to acid rain. And I think that's that's probably hurting us a little bit. It's hurting you know it's hurting Germany for example too and some other parts of Europe where they where they have high industry. So we're not the lone ranger here. Yeah. I uh I. It's hard to put the finger on uh what's worse you know the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion um with uh your hydrocarbons uh causing the damage in which. Yeah. <SEP> Hopefully we're backing off from that a little bit. But I know we haven't cured it yet by a long shot. Well I notice on one of these uh home shopping networks they were selling these uh halogen uh fire extinguishers. Yeah. <SEP> And the halogen is uh an ozone depleter. And it got hydrocarbons in there. It's a very clean uh fire extinguisher. But it's you know really bad on the environment. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. I guess I missed that one. Uh. Yeah. Automobiles of course are contributing too. And you know how how we are with our love affair with the auto. <SEP> Yeah. Kind of hard to do anything about that I guess. I know. Uh in the Twin Cities area. I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right. But they had a new policy where in order to get your uh your license uh your car license uh renewed you had to meet the pollution standards. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. We have that here too. But it's part of the inspection sticker you know. They put a probe in your exhaust pipe. And and the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out. And so that's you know that's the way they're dealing with it here. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah uh. Yeah. I guess that was just mainly in the cities there. And as far as where I live I don't have to do that. But I have an old car which I doubt would uh would uh pass the inspection a seventy-six. Yeah. And uh you know there's no way I would put in a lot of money to to repair it to meet standards. Yeah. <SEP> It'd probably be difficult anyway. Yeah. So although I do what I can to to cut down pollution. But uh. I was just reading an article in uh MOTHER EARTH NEWS MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine. <SEP> Yeah. And uh they've got a new uh. You know a lot of places are burning wood. Yeah. A lot a lot of people are burning wood. Those of us who have. I've got a place in the country you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh they've had catalytic con- you know catalytic converters on those on. Uh I think they're required in California and Oregon and and Washington. But they've had up those for quite a while. And somebody's come up with a new one that uh sort of. It's a it's a catalytic converter. It's it's a plate that fits in you know into the smoke pipe. Yeah. And uh apparently it sort of feeds itself. The more smoke is produced you know. After you get to like five hundred degrees the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is. And it sounds real neat. I haven't seen them priced anywhere yet. But that that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on you know old old uh older stoves that don't have any kind of E P A requirements on them. <SEP> Yeah. That might help a little bit especially in some places. We're really lucky here. We have a prevailing southerly wind that blows just about everything out. Yeah. Now sometimes we get a kind of a. Especially in in uh autumn it seem like we get kind of a brown haze sitting on us. But most of the time it's blowing out pretty well. <SEP> Yeah. Probably blowing up there to you guys. Yeah. Well well around here I we get uh. Well it depends you know. Either in the in the winter time it it blows it your way. And in the summer time we probably get yours. Yeah. <SEP> It comes back. Yeah. I really think uh you know we're doing some some important things. Education raising consciousness awareness. Uh I know school kids. I work for the school district here. And uh you know this is one of the big things with kids. Kids are writing letters to the newspapers about you know telling adults to clean up their act. <SEP> Yeah. And it's uh you know. I hope we're not too late with it. We're we're uh we're having all kinds of recycling. Yeah. Well it uh th- that's a big thing too. I know it has nothing to do with air pollution. But I kind of look at the way people treat our.