Hello. My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. Hi. This is Laurie. And I'm in Garland. Oh okay. Um would you like me to go first? <SEP> Sure. Okay um. I have three children um two two who are in regular school uh eleven year old an eight year old. And then my little one three year old is in um a University of Gymnastics. It's a a preschool. Uh-huh. And um I think it was really hard to um to pick the right uh day care or preschool or Mother's Day Out. I guess you can classify them all together. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um some of the qualifications that I look for was that uh you know the cost and um exactly what they did if it was structured or nonstructured if they had a little academic um uh in there and um you know um you know what the qualifications of the teachers' were and if the place was clean and um the hours. Uh-huh. And um just just kind of going by word of mouth and finding out if anybody else has been pleased with their program that kind of stuff. <SEP> Right. Well we don't have any children. But we're going to have one next year. Oh congratulations. <SEP> Thanks. So um that's something that I'm probably going to be looking at maybe in the future. Right. We haven't quite decided if I'm going to. I'm working part time now. And I don't know if I'll be doing that or what we're going to do. Or staying home. <SEP> But if we do then I'm going to need to find somebody. And our church has a Mother's Day Out program which they started last year. Uh-huh. And we know a lot of people at the church. So I would feel very confident with leaving my child there. That's a very good place to start I think. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. The Mother's Day Out programs. And that's where Shannon had started in a Mother's Day Out program. Uh-huh. And uh the churches always have I think a a pretty good program. And you have to make sure that you um that you apply pretty early because they do have a lot of places have very long waiting lists. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um and another question to ask is if they're um state certified um you know if the teachers have um their Master's degree in in child education and um child development. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um you know what what kind of a structure is it going to be. Um when your child's a little bit older like a three year old you'd be more concerned with if there's a type of care that it's torture for them to lay down and take a nap. Uh-huh. Is there like a mandatory nap time? <SEP> Time uh-huh. What they do at Shannon's school is have a video tape going. And if and they lay on these little mats. And if they fall asleep they kind of let them sleep. And the teacher stays with the sleeping ones. And the other ones get up and go do something else. Uh-huh. So she doesn't have to necessary take a nap there you know which is which is nice. Um. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Um you know it's kind of scary I guess because you hear so many bad things about day cares lately. That's true. <SEP> And so it's I guess it's such a growing concern. But then there's a lot of good things you don't hear. Right. And sometimes when the child's a lot younger before they're really um before three years old you know like the church is a good program. And sometimes you even consider um you know having a private person come to your own home when they're real little or or something like that. Right. And another consideration is how many infants or children are they what's the ratio of of teachers to to children. <SEP> To children. Right. Because that makes a a a difference. And if your child would be maybe sleeping in that crib all day. Just your child and or do they just put any child in any crib you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. You would want maybe your child to have their own sheets all the time and not have another child use that bed you know. Right. <SEP> Right. I'm sure that um whatever you decide you'll be happy with. Yeah. And it's exciting time to have a new one. <SEP> Yeah. We're pretty excited. I bet. That's that's wonderful. Yeah. But that you know we have been thinking about that. But it's a little ways off in the future. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um I figure you know I'd probably start asking around at church because I know they have a limit as to how old they can be before they you know before you can bring them in. Asking. Right. <SEP> Some some places um start them as early as I think well some some places take them as infants I guess you know like eight weeks even. Uh-huh. Um there's a place to look into um um. A friend of mine who's a nurse is was telling about a wonderful new place that opened some place in on Fifteenth Street. Up. It's in Plano somewhere where um. Nurses that used to work in the hospital take care of infants infants and then only up to like two years old. <SEP> Um. And it's it's supposed to be really a a. You know some places just specialize in just real little ones. Right. And then other ones uh are the older children. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it is a difficult situation I think. When they're when they're little it's almost easier to leave them because when they're three and they're cry.