Yes. I haven't uh talked to anybody outside the Metroplex. So I didn't even think of saying Arlington Texas. <SEP> This is a real first. Yes. Are you at work? Yes. I am. <SEP> I I I've been trying to get people at five thirty and six thirty in the evening. And I thought well I'm not having any luck. I'll try the middle of the afternoon. Well I'm I'm happy we got through. I am too. Well do you have any uh opinion on the subject? Well I'm I'm especially interested with what what's happening in the Soviet Union uh. The the move to uh the the the Ukraine's vote to uh basically to secede and set itself up independently uh is quite a remarkable counts. <SEP> Democracy. Oh. Is that is that reported in the Texas papers? <SEP> Oh sure. We uh we hear a little of the news. Uh. Yeah. I have heard about that the last couple of days. How how big is the Ukraine the area. Do you know? Uh as an area it's not. Or a population or anything. I'm really uninformed. I I'm afraid I don't have the statistics in front of me. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a it's not a tiny area. Uh. If I was looking at a U S map I would say it was sort of reminds me of of a uh. It's not as big as California proportionately. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But but but it's it's more significant in the sense of it's a great agricultural region. <SEP> Oh I see. Oh I I didn't really know that. I know a lot of their oh their countries that they had overtaken or wanted to be independent or several of them right. Yeah. And uh what about Astonia. Are they. They're completely out now. <SEP> Right. I thought they were. Yes. The three the three Baltic uh republics got out as quickly as they could. But but the the Ukraine is especially significant because it of the agriculture? Right. It's it's very important for the economics of the whole of the Soviet Union. <SEP> Uh so there were probably really fight to keep it in if they could. Right uh. Except they can't fight. No. They don't. It's done democratically uh. <SEP> And Bush has already given his opinion on it right? Yes. Didn't I read that? Yes. <SEP> So now uh not that they may that may matter. I don't know anymore. I uh fear for the Russians from what I read you know. I wonder how they're going to get through the winter. Food wise or any wise. Uh. Sounds to me like they'll start rioting soon or not that that would do any good. But I guess people do that when they're desperate. That that's true uh hasn't happened here for a while. But it uh. <SEP> Well that's true. Since the Depression. I guess when the veterans went to Washington. Uh-huh. And well you know the war riots of course. Let's just hope we don't get to that point. <SEP> Things are not so good in Texas job wise. No. I've I've heard they're I hear you have some problems. Well we do. We have lots and lots of uh layoffs here. Lot of companies folding lot of layoffs. And it's pretty scary. Do do you do you blame the the government in Washington for this? <SEP> Well I don't understand economics that well. I don't know. I I know that we have a terrible situation with foreign trade and that other countries put a lot of restrictions that we don't. Yeah. And so I assume that that has some effect. Or a great effect. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do uh I mean they said during the way Reagan-Bush years the rich got richer. The poor got poorer. The statistics prove that. So uh I I guess. So then you think it's it's you think it's Reagan and Bush have done this. Or is it just coincidence it was during this period? <SEP> Well I really don't know. I think maybe they uh maybe they contributed to it. Maybe they should pay more attention to these trade or you know to the more equalization of the trade. Uh-huh. Of course if somebody in in China can make something for ten cents and we have to make it for ten dollars because we have unions well I don't know what's going to happen then. Oh the Chinese use slave labor too. <SEP> Right. That's that's one of the ways they get away with it. And child labor. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Well I don't know. What do you think has caused our horrible situation? Uh I don't think there's any one simple answer to the whole thing. One thing. I mean it's that's very complicated. <SEP> Right. Well they say too that having a democratic congress and republican President is not good. I mean I've read that is a theory. So which one are we going to throw out? Well I hate to say it. But I I'm tending to go straight back into my original democratic party. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. Texas Texas used to be a democratic state didn't it? Oh I know. It used to. Right. Well you don't want too many democrats anymore. And for a while I kind of deserted the party. But now it's looking better to me. I like your governor. <SEP> Oh do you? Oh I'm glad to hear that. She's an impressive woman. Well I think so too. I I just admire her a lot. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I ho- I really hope she does well. But she's uh n- you know probably more popular out of the state than she is here although she did manage to win. Right. But look who she was running against you know. Well yeah. Anybody could beat Claytie in Texas. <SEP> He shot himself in the foot so many times. How did you get on this T I thing? Oh I I know some of the people.