For N I S T the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Oh okay. So it's right up your alley then. I suppose so. Let me push the button. <SEP> All right. Okay uh. I guess I'm supposed to be all for switching to the metric system. But uh I sense that it's not going to happen anytime soon. Yeah. I don't think it's going to happen either. But I wish it were. Because I'm a I got my bachelor's in mechanical engineering. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm at grad school now in acoustics. And all we do is metric stuff. You're now in what? Acoustics. Acoustics uh. <SEP> Yeah. So everything's metric. And then you go to read some order book or something. And it's all confusing. So I don't understand as much. So I think we should get one adopted permanently. Well I guess that is the policy. But it's been the policy for a long time. And nothing ever happens. Uh I suppose things some things well happen slowly simply by having it taught in the schools more to the extent that that's happening having a new generation come up that's more used to it. Yeah. A lot of industry out there is doing metric stuff because they have to. They have to for international trade. <SEP> Yeah. But I g- guess it's it's easier to switch back and forth than it used to be uh be- be- because of of uh of computers coming into everything. Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't think switching back and forth is that big a deal. I think people need to understand more like what a meter is instead of how many feet in a meter or something. Just get used to using all the terms. Because someone says a kilogram. No one knows what that is. Everyone wants a wants a conversion of that before kind of recognizing it as a as as as as a concept to hold in mind. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I I I don't see that it it it can change it very quickly. I mean we're not the kind of society that that uh that something can be posed upon uh by government will. Yeah. No one seems to be adopting it. Metric system no one's very uh no one wants it at all seems like. Uh the the the public is just very conservative that way in refusing to change measurement systems uh money dollar coins anything like that. <SEP> Yeah. And and and it it obviously makes no sense that we're practically alone in the world in in using the old system. Yeah. I it's pretty tough when you get everything confused though. I think two systems is worse than one though. Because I know we do a lot of problems and things. And they're half english and half metric. And you you make more mistakes doing all the conversions than you would doing the problems. Just get one. I prefer metric. But even if it's english they should just have one. Well I mean unfortunate- I think people like you are relatively rare who are coming up against this problem every day. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Your your average guy jogging down the highway wants to know how many miles it is to his destination. Uh I mean there are things you could do. Uh we have signs up on the N I S T campus here speed limit twenty-five miles per hour forty kilometers per hour. Yeah. Uh but that hasn't been adopted very widely. <SEP> Yeah. They have some of those in Ohio. There's this one sign's kind of funny. It says uh metric signs next hundred miles. But I mean and no one will will go a step further to remove the english signs. <SEP> Yeah. That would force everybody to use it. Or to quit selling tape measures in inches. Uh yeah. Or you have highway signs saying speed limit uh eighty eighty-five whatever would be the appropriate number. Yeah. I guess a hundred is sixty-two. Hundred car is going sixty-two. Yeah. So it would be more like uh like ninety I guess. Car is going fifty-five. Uh you suddenly have a have a even worse problem with speeding than we do now. <SEP> Yeah. You have a bunch of people trying to do ninety. Do do do you know where you are. Do the schools emphasize the metric system? Yeah. In the engineering they all do pretty much. No. I I I meant I meant down like in the elementary schools. <SEP> Oh in the elementary schools. I don't know. I wouldn't think so. I remember a ways back we did like conversions. I mean I think. But we never actually went out and measured anything or did anything on one system. Yeah. I mean I think my children learned the metric system. But it doesn't get get emphasized over the other. <SEP> Yeah. They learn how many centimeters are in an inch. And that's about it.