Okay. You ready? Yeah. Is that it? That's it. <SEP> Okay. Uh well we I guess we have to talk about magazines. And uh what what. What what kind do you subscribe to or do you? Well I subscribe to P- well I did subscribe to PEOPLE for a long time. I do you know. I enjoy PEOPLE. And now I'm uh I uh subscribe to uh LADIES HOME JOURNAL. I uh take a computer magazine. And uh also uh BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Are you interested in in computers? And my pet peeve with magazines is all the little cards inside. And the cardboard pages. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well that that would be one of my peeves. My pet peeves with magazines the woman's magazines especially. I mean it's it's really geared to. All they have. You have too many recipes first of all. I just don't you know. That's what I don't like about LADIES HOME JOURNAL magazines. Too many recipes too many uh can this marriage with saved nonsense. I you know I like to read articles about things that matter. Well of course PEOPLE magazine is not you know one of your uh your more intellectual magazines. But it's nice light reading. You know if I want something intellectual I usually read a book. Well that's true. I uh I like it when they have short stories. Like REDBOOK used to always have a good short story in it. <SEP> Well that's true. Yeah. They did. And I haven't bought a REDBOOK in a while. So I guess. Yeah. I I really very rarely ever pick up a magazine anymore. <SEP> Well is REDBOOK still in existence? I don't know if they're if they're around anymore. Yeah. I think it is. Surely. It's an institution. Surely it would have to be. Yeah. But. <SEP> Well I'll tell you the only reason I bought the uh I subscribe to the JOURNAL is because of. Which I think it was either. Yeah. It was Publisher's Clearinghouse. Right. They told me you know if I didn't subscribe they were going to take me off their their winning you know their list. So. Mine too. This was it my last chance. <SEP> Yeah. My last right my last chance to win ten million dollars. So I figured hey look. For twelve dollars you know. Well I I I went ahead and sent in my subscription because of that uh to uh ENTERTAINMENT. <SEP> That's it. Oh yeah. Oh uh-huh. And I was real disappointed with it. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't know. It just. Not enough stories with some substance that you can really get into. Right. It's little short articles more than anything else. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's one thing I don't like about PEOPLE. Uh it's just you know doesn't seem to have enough story to it. Well I don't know. I just think uh you know it's It's light reading. If you've only got a short time to read. <SEP> You know you don't have well you don't have to concentrate you know you know. No. That's true. It's entertaining you know. And uh that's. I just I enjoy it. I you know I uh. Well that ENTERTAINMENT is is very. Wasn't that similar or isn't it similar to to the TV GUIDE? Uh no. Not really. I mean not the one I take now. It's a it's a magazine. And it goes into all the movies previewing the movies that are going to be released or behind the scenes. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Oh I see. And uh I'm a real movie buff. So that's why I thought I might be interested in it. But it just hasn't been what I thought it would be. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And uh my mother has subscribed to is the reason I get uh the HOME JOURNAL and the uh computer book is because mother got a subscription for it and sent it to me. Oh. Otherwise if if I really want to take the time to read a magazine and I see one on the grocery shelf I'll pick it up then. Rather than having them delivered and think oh I really need to read this. <SEP> Right. Right. Well I'll tell you since I've been getting the JOURNAL like maybe maybe I'll read two maybe three. If I read three articles in in you know one of the JOURNALs I figure you know I did really well. Yeah. <SEP> Because there's just nothing in there that interests me. I don't you know I don't I'm not into you know recipes. And. Well I I do like recipes and crafts. See now and I'm not into crafts. So you know that that eliminates like three quarters of the magazine. You know. <SEP> That's true. Well I just got the new issue. They have Bette Midler on the cover. So that should be one article that I'll read anyway. Do you uh.