They tell you what our topic was? I think golf isn't it? Right. <SEP> How much of a golfer are you? Are you a hacker? You bet. <SEP> I'm fifty years old. I've been a hacker. I think I think I played better golf when I was fifteen John than I play right now. I know I Oh I know I did. <SEP> I know I did. And uh. Course I know I watch my thirteen year old play now you know. And it's like they don't have a muscle in their body. Oh I know. It's just unreal. I you know I'm a guy that plays. If I play a lot of golf I play six to eight times a year. And that's about it. I figure that's my retirement game. I really. I come from a family of golfers. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I was raised by a man my stepfather who with a two handicap I mean he he he he could get down on his knees and hit the ball I mean further than most people could hit it. Sure. And my mother who is now he's my stepfather is dead but my mother who is now seventy-one I can remember her being I believe a sixteen or a fourteen handicap. <SEP> But but uh all they did every day in their life was to play golf every. They'd leave work and go to a golf course or a little country club they belonged to back in Richmond Virginia and just uh play nine holes of golf. Yeah. That was their deal. They. <SEP> That's what it takes. You you need to play that often to get a really good handicap. But uh I just I just never could do it. I have a brother-in-law who is uh an ex-college coach and like a pro. And he has a very good handicap and plays good golf. Sort of like the non golfer golfer of the family. <SEP> Well I went to. I decided this past year that I was going to get out and start playing a lot more. And I I went after it. And did and I really didn't find much improvement. Fact ever time I'd start trying to correct something it seemed like the score would go go back up. Oh really? Yeah. I I think I need to uh. Yeah. <SEP> I probably need to take some some more lessons uh more current and uh and practice more often. Yeah. Spend more time on the. I think I'm probably the same way. Lessons do help. I know ever year we buy. I go to this Ducks Unlimited dinner. It's a hunter's type affair. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I buy in in Austin Texas. I go down to Austin. I live in the Dallas area but I go down to Austin and go with my good customer and friend of mine. Uh-huh. And we always buy this weekend at a at a country club in the hill country. You know at uh Horseshoe Bay. <SEP> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm familiar with it. And we just have a ball. And we play three days in a row three different courses. And course believe it or not by the end of the third day and the end of the uh third course my score has gone from you know a hundred and twenty down to about a hundred and five. So. <SEP> Oh yeah. If you play regular I think it makes a big difference. You bet. So it that makes a lot of difference to me. Yeah. Yeah. I well I've also found too I I try to work out regularly. And when I am doing that uh and feeling loose and that I swing better. I I I get through the ball better. Uh and I also if I. I found as I've gotten a little older here I worry less about my distance. You bet. <SEP> And I. My control is a little bit better there. Yeah. Uh so. That's super. I haven't learned to hit the ball easy. And I just sort of. <SEP> I'm always wanting to hit it hard. And that's something my stepfather never could teach me you know just to relax and hit the ball. And you know so subsequently when I do tire out from playing like twelve fourteen holes my you know a lot of my energy's gone. When I do swing it's an easier swing. Uh-huh. And I do actually hit the ball better. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you ever have you ever tried a one iron? No. I have a two through you know two through wedge. I hit a two iron awful lot. Off now off the tee. I don't hit a driver off the tee. Uh-huh. That that's why I need my driving lessons. <SEP> Well you know I put mine back in my bag this year too. And I I used a three wood rather than a driver. That helps. Uh I had a lot more control on it uh. I sacrificed distance. But I wasn't in trouble every time I got down the fairway. Well that's that's a good idea. I think this next year I'm going to I'm going to attempt to play more. And I'm going to do the same thing. I I laid off my woods about three years ago. And I just use a two wood off the fairway. And I'm a fairly strong person. So I get a pretty good little drive. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I and I guess control my irons better you know. If you'll take lessons the first thing they put in your hand is an iron. Oh yeah. Absolutely. And uh I still remember that watching myself and my son. So but I think the key is you just need to you need to play more often than I play. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I read recently here they say if you're playing if you're scoring well you should play more. If you're scoring poorly you should spend more time on the practice g- uh range. Right. Uh I think there is less flus- frustration factor there too uh. Makes good makes good sense. <SEP> So but I I. The one iron is something I've been thinking because my driver's gone so badly lately that I I should pick one up and try to start. Apparently they're very difficult to play with. But with practice I would imagine you could groove that swing too. And I play with a fellow that can knock a one iron. It's incredible. Oh yeah. And but and his accuracy is what's so startling with it. And I. And it but it's an iron that he's really practiced with. He has used a lot. And uh it would be fun to get that good at a with an iron. Uh distance iron. You bet. <SEP> My cha- my challenge of the game is just if I can get off the first tee when everyone's standing around watching you I'd be great after that. That boy. I just. If I get off the tee box and I and I've you know you know anything from a hundred fifty to two hundred yard drive through a straight I just want to get down and kiss the ground you know. <SEP> And get away without embarrassing yourself. Right. Because.