Okay. Okay. I guess we're ready to start. Well I guess what part of t- what part of the country do you live in? I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> Oh okay. What about yourself? Well I'm also in Dallas. Okay. <SEP> The reason that I ask is the two conversations I've had have been out of state. Uh-huh. But uh have you always lived here in Dallas. And. No. I've lived here for almost five years now. <SEP> I see. And I'm a uh. Before that I was at school in Rochester New York. And I'm originally from Boston. Oh well you are seeing quite a different climate and quite a different neighborhood. That's right. But I like it. <SEP> You probably have enjoyed getting away from the snow. Well I missed it at first. But now I go back there. And I'm a real wimp about the cold. So I like it here. Yeah. It's nice. <SEP> Well that's good. I I have lived in Texas essentially all my life. Uh-huh. Around in Texas. And uh I have traveled up in the northeast and around and have enjoyed it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh I don't know. I'm not sure I would want to take on those winters. I'm getting older and uh not sure that's something I want to do. I know. <SEP> I live uh over in the Lake Highlands area if you're familiar with that. Uh tell me where that is uh. Okay. I I probably do know. <SEP> Uh you. But I don't know it by that name. This is pretty well where L B J and Audelia Skillman cross. Okay. <SEP> Sure. We're just north of uh White Rock Lake. Oh okay. Yeah. I know that area. That's a nice area. <SEP> Well we have some very nice hou- homes here in this area. Uh my particular. I guess they want us to describe the area. So uh my particular area the homes run anywhere from about sixty-five eighty thousand dollars on up to probably half a million. Uh. Oh that's quite a range. <SEP> Yes. Uh the homes that were here earlier were smaller. Now they've gotten larger and larger as as they have developed the land. And of course it's pretty static right now. And all the values over here have dropped off because of the economy. Uh-huh. Yeah. How about you? Well I am uh I'm gosh I'm barely in Dallas. I'm just north of Addison Airport up on the tollway. <SEP> Okay. Okay. And I guess we have a similar situation. I mean we've got houses two streets away that are probably around seventy eighty thousand. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then we've got Bent Tree right across the street. So I don't I don't even know how high those go. Okay. But some of those are pretty big. <SEP> Yes. Those are over a million. Yeah. So it's that's the strange thing about I guess Dallas because back where I'm from you wouldn't have that sort of a variation at all. They'd all be pretty similar to one another within a a couple miles. So. Well we have suffered from real lack of land use planning in Dallas. Yeah. <SEP> Not as bad as Houston. But exactly what you're describing is what happens all over. Uh-huh. Yeah. I've noticed that. Well now do you live in a a home or zero lot home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or. Uh we've got a house. Let's see. We moved in about four years ago. And it was it had previously been unoccupied. But it had existed for three years. Okay. This is a whole block of homes that uh a builder built all of them. And I guess he he did some crazy thing to get some extra money from the bank and then ran away type of deal. <SEP> So the whole block was all foreclosed. Oh. And so some were vacant for quite a while before they you know they finally sold them because there were so many. <SEP> Well your was your house in good shape. Was it damaged? Yes. No. The only thing that we were worried about was the air conditioner because they'd have it just running constantly with the doors and windows open. Oh it was? But. Yeah. <SEP> Oh. So we just you know we bargained to get an extra warrantee on that. I see. And uh we're really we haven't had any problems. And you know we had originally thought we'd have to get a fix up special or something because being from the northeast we figured we couldn't afford anything. But the prices are much lower here. And this was definitely not a fix up special. But I'll tell you. It takes all my time. <SEP> Between we put in our own sprinkler system. And I just finished repainting the exterior and you know making drapes and buying furniture. It's just a money pit. Really is. Yes. I am familiar with that. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> I where I live is a house that's seventeen years old when I bought it. And we bought it from someone who was in it. But before they had it I found out after I had been in the house it it had sat empty for the better part of a year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I'm not sure what happened. But I do know the folks that we bought it from had done virtually no maintenance for for about four years. Oh no. I I I found a lot of things. But.