Up up there maybe maybe you guys don't have as uh big a problem with air pollution as many do you? We we we have a terrible air pollution problem. Do you really? <SEP> Our summers are extremely uh hazardous. Uh-huh. And during uh certain wind directions because we get the uh Gary Indiana Chicago pollution. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we can look out on the lake and just see the brown haze uh coming up along the lake. That's horrible. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they do post uh uh warnings for people who have uh heart diseases or respiratory problems during that summer season. Uh-huh. <SEP> In the winter it's not as severe. Right. But uh if the wind comes basically from the south it can be really bad. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh the State of Wisconsin as a matter of fact uh started some litigation against Illinois because of the air pollution we were getting. Uh-huh. Uh I don't think it's going to go very far. But it it was uh a way of uh triggering uh awareness. Right. Right. <SEP> So what's the conditions like in Dallas? Well uh in Dallas I I haven't seen air pollution quite on a quite on a level that we had in Denver. I grew up in Denver. And and I've lived there most of my life. And we used to have those uh you know the posted warning days. Uh however in Colorado now they have the emissions control law which has really cut down. Probably only once every couple of years do we ever have pollution so bad that they have to po- post warnings now you know as far as health concerns. Um. Uh due to that emi- the the emissions uh uh control on the vehicles seems that all of our all of our uh smog was caused by vehicles rather than industry. <SEP> Wisconsin has a a law in which we need to take our cars in every year when we apply for a new license tag and they are tested for uh their pollution control equipment. Uh-huh. And if they don't qualify then they have to take it to a mechanic and have it gone over and then verify that it it is drivable. Um. <SEP> So they've they've tried to do a lot of that. Uh-huh. And I thi-. You know there seem to be at least in certain little pockets. And we were talking earlier about Madison. Uh-huh. <SEP> Madison has one of the nicest uh bike uh road uh sharing programs of of any city in Wisconsin. Oh really. And all Wisconsin has probably the most extensive number of uh bike trails for recreational use of any of the states. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there is a a real promotion of of biking. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um there are still a lot of people who insist on on driving their own automobiles uh to go everywhere. Right. I find that a little irritating because I don't think it's always so necessary. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It it becomes uh. Maybe to you and I who have grown up in some in uh uh some more beautiful parts of the country uh I think that that uh we become a little more aware uh rather quickly of of what's happening with air pollution and how uh how horrible it really is. Um I I notice people in in Dallas seem to say Well sure there's air pollution but you know really how bad is how bad could this problem really be. Send send them to Wisconsin. <SEP> And we'll let them try to drink out of some of the lakes and try to fish in some of the lakes that have been suffering from uh the uh acid rain. Oh really. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they'll they'll they may wake up you know. Uh-huh. How'd you like to own a piece of property where your lake is going sour because of acid rain. Right. <SEP> Right. It's uh really a serious issue for those of us up in this uh sector up up here. Do you find that um or or do you hypothesize that that most of the uh smog or or air pollution comes from vehicles. Or does it come mostly from industry up there? <SEP> I think it's mostly vehicles although it does come from some of the industry of of the Gary area. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I don't know exactly where it emerges from when it it's up in the uh northern sectors of Wisconsin. Uh-huh. That causes the acid rain. That I'm a little uncertain of. But I do know that uh it is a problem. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I had talked with my parents. I I grew up uh I was born in uh Muncie Indiana and and grew up a little bit in Terre Haute. And I had asked them before uh. I went back to visit recently about a year ago. And I asked them. I said did you ever realize the air pollution that was.