Okay. What do you think about uh the self insurance business? Well I watched something on T V a couple of months ago by uh General ex uh Surgeon General Koop. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he talked about Canada's system. And it appears to work fine for the normal colds and things like that. But the expensive stuff heart uh operations and things they have a managed scarcity. And they said that in Canada there were as many heart uh trauma centers as there is in San Francisco. So in one city of in America there's as many uh hospitals that are equipped to do hosp- uh heart operations as in the entire area of Canada. And that's kind of spooky. Well I uh I understand what you're saying. And there's probably some truth to that. I think that uh generally I don't welcome added government responsibilities. However when a anybody can't police their own profession it eventually leads to that. And I think the costs and the uh the way the medical profession has every year. I being in my own business uh. In the last six years every year there's been at least minimum twenty-five percent increase in health insurance costs. And I think eventually the number of people that can afford health insurance as as it is now getting squeezed and squeezed tighter. Uh-huh. Uh I think they're asking for it. I I think the medical profession is just just pushing until there's no option but the government take it over. And uh. <SEP> Do you think that it's just uh medical guys? What about you know you know how expensive new equipment and technology is. That's where I think most of the cost is coming. Well I I think a lot of it is uh. I I don't disagree totally with that. But uh my wife this last summer uh when we were on vacation tore up her knee. And uh uh it was lig- ligaments uh in her knee as it turned out uh. Uh-huh. She came back that uh. We were out at Cape Hatteras when this happened. And uh she got home. And the leading orthopedic man who has handled football people for years and is as good as they come. I mean he knows knee problems okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean if anyone does this guy knows it. Well she goes in. He says well I think this is what it is. But uh you better go to the hospital and have one of these M R I things. A thousand dollars for this uh oh magnetic uh resonance imaging type thing. And my wife said well do I need that? And he says well uh you know it it'll help me diagnose this. I mean uh you know I I suggest you go have this thing. Insurance won't pick this up unless you're in the hospital. Now a thousand uh uh dollars for thirty-five minutes. Oh great. I mean doctors routinely send people in for anything. Now for years they didn't have this. And they solved these problems. And you know. <SEP> Yeah. I said to her well look you know if you feel you got to go go. But I I think a thousand dollars. These guys. I don't know what it is. But there's no doubt they get kickbacks to fill these machines up night and day. Uh-huh. And even if they cost a hundred two hundred five hundred thousand dollars at uh roughly a thousand dollars every half hour uh that's ridiculous. I I don't care what anyone says. You know the costs are not. It's a picture. It shouldn't cost more than thirty-five bucks for something like that you know reasonableness. But they aren't reasonable. Fifty a hundred dollars. They don't have to pay them back in three months time. <SEP> No. Yeah. I'll have to agree with you there. You know. But there's another problem. And that's the how litigious our society is. If the doctor makes a mistake he can be sure that he's going to be hauled into court. Well I think that should be that that's a another problem. But that's part of our legalese problem. And that the government eventually will address too just you know because it's out of control. I I agree with you. You know uh I was on a jury. Or I I didn't make the jury. But there was a deal where a doctor was going to be sued for malpractice on the death on an infant. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like it was three days after it was born. And he was the one that delivered it. And they got four attorneys. One guy out of Houston he introduced himself as snake so-and-so. And he says well anyone have trouble awarding five million dollars. And I says yeah. I got problems with. I mean you know five million bucks isn't going to bring this kid back you know. I mean as sorrowful as it is. Uh you know if the doctor is wrong you know he should be pulled from his license. But five million dollars and away he goes because insurance pays for it you know. It it doesn't make logical sense to me. But uh. <SEP> No. It doesn't. Uh that's.