Okay. Well. There we are. All right. Um um well uh. Tell me about the car that you've got. <SEP> Well I have a Honda um hatchback nineteen eighty-four. Uh-huh. And I had a hatchback a nineteen seventy-eight version before this one. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I'll be honest with you. I have never found any automobile that has been more conscientiously constructed and and uh put together. And it it does its job. All I have to do on my Honda is change the oil and the filter every thirty-five hundred miles. And I I did have to put two two new front tires on at fifty thousand miles. But that car just purrs like the day it was built. I get forty-two miles per gallon on the highway and uh twen- twenty-eight to thirty driving around in town. It's a five speed straight stick machine. Uh-huh. And I can carry more in that uh that trunk area in my little Honda than I can in the big cars. And I have a large um Pontiac. And I have a sixty-nine Cougar which really is I'm saving because it's it's old. But it's in beautiful shape. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I can carry as much in my Honda or more than I can in in those other bigger cars. Well that's very interesting. I've had I've had exactly the same experience with the one that I've got. It's a. And surprisingly it's also an eighty-four. Oh oh. And uh. <SEP> L X? Yeah. I'm still here. Um I'm sorry what? It was an L X? Yes. It's an L X. It's not a hatchback. But it's um it's uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yours is a four door. Four door. Yeah. Uh-huh. And very very comfortable car. Big roomy trunk. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and uh and very happy with it. And I must admit it's you know. If if if uh. My only consideration were were you know buying another car just to tool around town in and make you know brief trips and things like that. I would very very seriously consider buying one. Uh. I think they're extraordinarily reliable cars. Yes. They are. Um my my real concern with uh uh why I'm not sure I want to buy a Honda is because I have to make a kind of a a steady um trip down the road about once a month because I'm divorced. And I have a daughter that lives down in North Carolina. <SEP> Um uh-huh. And uh I drive down Interstate Ninety-five. And it's just an absolutely wild highway. <SEP> Ninety-five is wild in any car. There's no doubt about that. Yeah. And. Because I I I run over to Crystal City or used to. I'm retiring the end of this month. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I'm very much aware of the crazy driving that goes on over there. And you well you've got it. And uh so having precious cargo in the car with me as you can well imagine it's very hard for me to imagine that that uh a Honda's going to be as safe a car as as the one that I've got my eye on which is a Volvo. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. In in fact quite frankly I've owned a Volvo in the past. And uh I've I've. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're expensive cars to keep up when they need service. But uh I've found that I've had a lot of luck with them. Uh course I'm a mechanically inclined kind of person. And I always wind up getting under the hood and finding out all the things that you know need to be taken care of and so forth. And I guess that's one thing that that recommends the Honda to a lot of people is is there's just very little that you have to do under the hood. And uh. Yes. It just just sits there and purrs. And you all you got to do is the main major thing of changing that oil and that filter. I get six hundred miles on a tank of gas. Oh I know. It's really amazing. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh. Beautiful beautiful machine. Absolutely. <SEP> Incredible. So um yeah. Anyway I've been looking at the prices of these cars and and so forth. And I think that it's it's very surprising some of these very expensive Volvos can be gotten for a lot less money than you would think if you're willing to buy ones that are about the vintage of the cars that you and I currently own. Is that right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um. <SEP> Well a brand new Volvo costs what thirty thousand dollars? Well certainly some of the top end ones. You can still get get uh even the the low end wagons um for less than twenty thousand dollars. Uh-huh. And uh we get you know. In the Washington area of course being as affluent as it is there are lots and lots of Volvo dealerships down here. <SEP> Um uh-huh. So there're lots and lots of them available in the paper at any any week. And I sort of you know scan the paper and look at them and so forth. And so um anyway and that's that's the other thing is that I've I've never really been too terribly much of a new car person. Yeah. I think I've bought one or two new cars in my life. And I've tended to um to uh buy cars that are you know two or three and sometimes even four and five or six years old. This Honda that I have I bought used. And in fact it had an extraordinarily low amount of mileage on it. I've just rolled seventy thousand miles. And it's a seventy-four I mean an eighty-four. So. <SEP> Well my my eighty-four just has seventy-seven on it. Yeah. And I've made many trips to Washington and down to Virginia Beach Virginia where my mother lives and things like that. And I drive it.