So how do you feel about capital punishment? Well I I'm not really certain how I uh I'm not certain that that it does a lot of good. I mean that it ends up ends up effectively uh uh uh avoiding a lot of the crimes that have capital punishment penalties. Right. You don't think. <SEP> Yet on the other hand uh I don't know. I mean there is things that. Seems like it's it's it's the right thing to do. Now you know I mean somebody a s- s- serial killer or somebody goes in and machine guns you know fifty fifty children in a school yard. You kind of. I don't know. What about yourself? I uh I have the same dilemma I think. Uh. It's you know it seems right sometimes. And then other times you don't know. Uh-huh. Uh. <SEP> I mean people like. I. It's been. I mean like the Arab societies and stuff end up uh having e- effective effective punishments. And and they're extremely severe. Uh I you know I think to a certain degree the reason that it it doesn't serve as a deterrent uh may be because y- you never know if it's going to be a- applied. Right. Un- unlike uh like in in Arab societies. If you get get caught stealing they chop off your hand. And and you walk around the rest of your life with one hand. Right. And everybody knows exactly what what for. Right. <SEP> Uh and you know and here with our court system and and ways of sort of screwing it around and stuff you can you can kind of always count on the fact. Or or there is a good chance you're going to get off. Uh-huh. And also it doesn't seem like it does that many harm. I mean sure their life is taken. But they'd spend the rest of their life in jail anyway. So I think sometimes they'd prefer just to get it over with. Uh-huh. Yeah. So it's more of the easy way out than making them pay for the con- for the you know what they've done. <SEP> Some people. Yeah. <SEP> Except that I mean the the average cost to si- to society of having somebody in jail for all their life is is extremely high. I mean something I I was amazed at. Uh uh per year. It's something like twenty thousand dollars per inmate per year. To keep people in jail. Yeah. Uh you know and it's sort of a sort of a crass perspective on the usage of capital punishment. Uh-huh. <SEP> But on the other hand uh uh you know I don't I don't know if it's that is that is that serious that they're really never going to be out of jail uh. Right. But then again also you can't bring back lives that have been taken anyway. So uh it's. Uh-huh. It doesn't. It seems by that by. I don't know. Doesn't ever really p- uh. <SEP> Oh I know. I mean you can't. It doesn't Taking taking one more life doesn't doesn't doesn't re- get things back the way they were right. Yeah. Right. It doesn't bring back every. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know I I don't I really don't know uh. What state are you in? I'm in Texas. Oh really? <SEP> W- w-. In Dallas? No. I'm in Austin. Oh really? <SEP> Where where are you calling from? Uh right now I'm in Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. Oh I see. Uh-huh. So uh uh what are the laws like in Texas? <SEP> It's Texas is has is one of the one of the s- well. I guess there is more and more states that are that are going back to capital punishment. Uh Texas has had it for a while. It's one of the quickest. It it. Once it was it was reallowed. I think it was outlawed for a while but uh by the supreme court I mean or the interpretation of the constitution. And it seems like everybody stopped. And then and then once they sort of reallowed it Texas was one of the first to uh to actually uh implement it again. Oh really? They do it by uh by do it by lethal injection. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I'm originally from Kansas. And in Kansas also uh they they almost immediately put back capital punishment. And uh there they do it by hanging. Wow. Still uh they have. I still remember the the the movie uh IN COLD BLOOD. I don't know if you've ever. I'm sure you're familiar with it. But have you seen the movie? I haven't. No. <SEP> Yeah. That way. And they do it that way? Yeah. Well they they show it. Not not. I mean the the movie was made in like nineteen sixty-two or something like that. Huh. <SEP> And so it's uh it's not particularly graphic. But on the other hand it's it's fairly impressive to watch them you know walk into the room with gallows. It's kind of a barn like structure. Wow. I think they're there. I think that capital punishment is is uh in t- in Utah also. I'm not really familiar. Is that right? Are you there in school? Yeah. I am. <SEP> Yeah. So but I think they d-. A long time ago I I remember my dad was telling me this I think that uh they do it by like a bunch of men have guns. And one of them has the real gun in it. Uh-huh. Has has a. Yeah. So they don't know who killed. <SEP> Has a real bullets. And the rest of them have blanks? Right. Yeah. I I certainly wouldn't want to be the executioner. I know that. Yeah. No. <SEP> I've always said that if I if I had to kill and clean and do my own my own meat I think I'd become a vegetarian. I know. As long as you're sort of safely removed from it it seems seems not so so bad I guess.