About the weather. Oh yes. Very appropriate I guess. Uh you ready for this? Yeah. <SEP> Okay John. Just a moment. Well guess what. We get to talk about the weather. The weather is uh this time of year has actually been kind of unusual. I haven't expected it to be colder until you know. Like we've gotten the last couple of days. Uh-huh. I don't know. I fly for a living. And I've uh. The weather's been terribly unusual every where I've been. <SEP> Oh you do. Yeah. So you you you probably go everywhere and have all sorts of weather. Yeah. <SEP> I imagine it's kind of an experience also trying to land and take off in the weather. Well it was around here last night. I'll tell you that. Well actually I'm I'm I've heard on the news that we uh will be setting a record here in the State of Texas for the uh large amounts of rain and moisture we've had this year that it's going to break all kind of records that were set set set back since nineteen thirty-two. No kidding. <SEP> So yeah. Um. If it keeps on raining like this. And I understand it's supposed to rain until Saturday night. Saturday or Sunday they were saying. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yes. Yeah. I know the systems have been real strong out. I went through uh Phoenix on twice on uh Wednesday morning. Uh-huh. And uh approaches to low minimum both both times. <SEP> Wow. And Phoenix never gets that kind of weather. So. And so are you an airline pilot? Yes. I am. <SEP> Oh great. For Southwest. Yeah. For Southwest. Fantastic. I have a brother I have a brother that's a pilot also with American. Oh is that right? <SEP> Yeah. So I imagine you uh oh with all this kind of weather it uh makes it kind of dangerous for you. Well now I wouldn't call it danger. This is uh this really isn't bad stuff to fly around in. This is much better than dealing with the thunderstorms in the Springtime. Oh I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. The the air systems are reasonably calm. We don't have uh the turbulence have a uh little bit of chop. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's not like it is in the spring time. Oh yes. Well we moved actually down here from another location. And it's spectacular the the thunderstorms and rain storms you get in the spring time the torrents of rain. Spectacular is the right word for them. <SEP> Pardon me? Spectacular is a good word for them. I've never seen a thunder show like I've seen down here before in Texas. It's amazing. <SEP> Lights up the whole sky and even on a on a. Actually I've I've seen it where there's not a cloud in the sky. It's a cloudless night. And the rain isn't falling. But you can see the thunder and excuse me see the lightening going horizontally across the sky and back and forth and what a light show. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It's it's fabulous. Cloud to cloud it can be real really sensational here. Yeah. That's true. Where are you from originally? <SEP> I'm from uh northern Utah. And that's a very arid climate from uh Salt Lake City area. Uh-huh. And there's always a lot of snow. In fact where I grew up we were about an hour's drive from seven to uh twelve different major ski resorts. And so there was an awful lot of snow. Oh. <SEP> And because it was an arid climate the snow was always a crisp powder light snow which made it fantastic for skiing and and sleigh riding and everything else. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. <SEP> So we had a great time. Were you near near the Park Cities area. Um yeah. In uh in Snowbird and Solitude and and Brighton and yes all those areas. Beautiful area. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> So I imagine have you skied before? Well we've skied. I have not skied that area. Uh-huh. I've driven through it several times. Uh I skied we skied California a bunch when we lived out there. And and uh um and of course grew we grew up in Minnesota. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we do some skiing there lot of cross country skiing there. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Great. Well do you think this the the weather is typical for this time of the year? Well not really. I you know. Minnesota's gotten just hammered with snow um. The um uh. We've gotten a fair amount of rain for this time of year already I think. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. And uh I've been surprised that we haven't seen more of the temperatures that we've got today you know that moved in last night. <SEP> Yeah. It's been it's been cold. There was a time though in the uh middle part of November that got really cool really really unseasonably cool. Yes. Yes. It did. <SEP> And then it warmed right back up. And I thought great. Yeah. And that's that's a fun th-. Yeah. My wife was just listening here. And she said yeah. It froze in fact. Yeah. It was it was real cold. Yeah. But that was very unseasonable for us down here. <SEP> And uh but uh I've really enjoyed the weather down here too. Because uh two years ago we were the day after Christmas able to go out in shorts and play tennis in the nice sunny weat- weather. And it's not as severe I should say as the weather that I've experienced up in northern Utah. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's that's real true. Same with us from Minnesota. It's it's uh. In fact I've I've played golf on on uh New Year's Day one year. <SEP> Down here? Yeah. Yeah. Not in Minnesota. No. No. No. No. <SEP> I have a brother-in-law that lives in Minnesota. And they say boy six months out of the year it's bitter cold and and the wind and the blowing snow and everything. Oh it is. It is. Well and they've had uh you know. Usually in Minnesota they get their snow in January and February. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're up over sixty-five or sixty-.