Well do you do any recycling? Uh we do here. Uh see what do we recycle? We they recycle. They have bins. Yeah. <SEP> And they also have centers where you can take aluminum cans and uh plastic bottles. And I think that's all they have. Oh. What about you guys? Well we uh. There is a lot of things that you can recycle down here although the only thing I guess I wind up recycling religiously is uh aluminum cans. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh we've got a we've got a couple of different things uh places uh. They're like unattended aluminum can smashers. And you can go up there and and uh redeem. We've got one that gives you like a penny a can. So if you. Really? Yeah. <SEP> For smashed cans? Well actually you have to give put them in there unsmashed. Uh-huh. And uh when you do that it it basically crushes them and then drops a penny down a little shoot. <SEP> Oh can you can you hold on for just a minute? Sure. I'm going to try pressing one again to make sure that I pressed it hard enough because okay just succeed. Okay. <SEP> Okay? Oh okay. Well I guess I guess. Well I heard it that I heard it that time. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. Well anyways you guys only get a penny a can. Well when you buy like uh canned drinks and stuff like that do they charge you for the deposit? Uh no. You probably get charged like a nickel or something like that. Yeah. <SEP> Exactly. And so it's like they charge you for the deposit. So when you turn in the cans unsmashed you're just like reimbursed. Oh okay. Type of thing. Okay. No. They don't charge us that extra nickel. <SEP> That's sort of nice though. Yeah. It it really is. Really what happens is we just get a penny a can back off the off the price if you want to think of it that way. Uh-huh. So when we get like uh uh a twelve pack then that's like twelve cents back. <SEP> Yeah. So you guys can actually get ahead. Yeah. But uh they have sort of like uh things that you c- you're not like reimbursed for or paid for. Like we can recycle uh clear glass brown glass green glass. Uh and milk jugs and uh newspapers you know. Yeah. <SEP> Everyone does newspapers. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody does newspapers. But that that kind of stuff. Yeah. <SEP> But they they said they can't be smashed or else uh. It doesn't fit in their little containers. And they're not reimbursed by the the people who are over them or something. Well shoot maybe what we ought to do is start sending unsmashed uh Pepsi cans and whatever up there. Yeah. <SEP> Exactly. Yeah. Send it to this address. No. But uh let's see. They said that how ways can encourage recycling uh. I I I tell you what what really works uh at least down here is if there is if there is some e- even some money basically to take care of the gas to recycle it you know what I mean then people tend to do it. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. That's. In other words taking care of the environment is is all well and good. Uh-huh. But if it's going to cost you to take care of the environment they're not quite as uh likely to do it as if uh if you get something back for it. You know. <SEP> As likely to do it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And uh so you know if there are some energy savings or if there is some significant savings anything that they can pass on to the consumer you know it kind of reminds me of using an A T M card you know to get money or doing your banking. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. You know if it's free people will use it. If it costs them something then they're not as likely to use it. Yeah. Exactly. You know. But uh I know we had a problem down here with uh oil people taking oil out of their cars and just putting it down the d- you know the s- the drain sewer. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh all that because there was. Apparently a lot of people you know every time they change the oil. They just dump all the res- their old oil down there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now they're starting to recycle that stuff. Oh that's good. Uh another thing I thought of I guess to recycle would be like clothes because I mean everybody gets rid of their clothes sometime or other. And one way that we do it sort of in in Iowa is that we can take some of our clothes to the consignment shops. Yeah. <SEP> And that way you know you don't get near enough as as much as you bought it for. But you you got the use out of it. And what you're going to basically donate to a Goodwill or whatever anyways you can get a little bit of money for. Yeah. And so that's something that I've never. Yeah. <SEP> I we're we're new to Iowa. So that's something that I hadn't you know looked into before. But that's one way to sort of get money and still recycle I guess. Yeah. I know a lot of places they uh uh.