Let's see. My husband does the majority of the um the uh gardening uh taking care of the lawn and fertilizing. But I um tend to all the planting the annuals and and the spraying and um taking care of them and maybe putting flowers in you know throughout that season and later on maybe planting some mums and that kind of stuff and um any kind of decorating for the holidays you know. Uh-huh. I'll fix the porch up with pumpkins for Halloween and Christmas. But basically he does all the heavy stuff. And I do all the fun stuff. <SEP> Well we have it just opposite here. My wife works in you know at at at the T I. And she's uh sedentary all day long so when she gets home she likes to mow. Uh-huh. I see. <SEP> And we have about ten acres. And she tries to mow about half of it. Wow. Wow. That's a a big job. <SEP> Well yeah. It keeps uh well. It's doing real well. Because when we got this place the the dirt was just overgrazed. Uh-huh. I mean you know it was bare dirt in a lot of places. Uh-huh. <SEP> And now you know since we've been mowing it. And you know of course we water a little bit. That's just too much to water all at once. But but just by keeping it mowed and getting it mulched in we've reclaimed a lot of it. Oh sure. Oh I bet it's beautiful. <SEP> Yeah. But we don't do much in the way of uh flowers. We have one little flower garden that we that we work with. Uh-huh. The rest of it is just like wild flowers. Wild flowers. <SEP> And in the summertime we get the prettiest yellow flowers. Uh-huh. They're about oh I guess a third the size of your palm of your hand. Uh-huh. <SEP> And course in the spring we get the bluebonnets and Indian paintbrush. Oh that sounds lovely. Uh-huh. Oh the wild flowers are beautiful. I think um I was thinking about throwing some for in the back just where the kids um just way in the back behind the swing sets. Or just have some wild flowers growing back there would be real pretty. Then you don't really have to have much maintenance involved. <SEP> Yeah. Well my wife and I really enjoy that sort of thing. Uh-huh. Uh she enjoys mowing. I can't believe it. Uh-huh. I know a lot of. <SEP> I mean I hate it. Uh-huh. A lot of women do. Um. I've just never really you know. Maybe one of these days I'll have to get out there and mow. But um my husband takes it on. And I'll help rake up the grass. And um sometimes I'll help him edge um. Because we don't have that much property. But we're on a corner lot. So there's a lot of edging to do. Right. And um uh that's what's nice about living more in the country. You don't have to worry about any of that. <SEP> We don't even have any concrete or asphalt. Oh. Oh that's nice. I. This is different for us because the other. In the past we've had homes that haven't had any side walks. And um it's been a little more country with the trees. And we do miss that. Um if we had a chance to move I think we'd move back to somewhere that was a little more countrified and a little less maintenance required as as far as that goes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But you know we do everything together. Uh-huh. This this spring we got a thousand pine trees from the. Actually this fall I was talking about. Two weeks ago we got a thousand pine trees from the you know soil and conservation people. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we're in the process of of planting. Wow that's. <SEP> And we're building a stand uh just to the north of our house and along the east uh property line. Um. And I uh I think what we're what we're trying to do is create sort of a wind break because I tell you in the winter time when that when that wind comes out of the north it just cuts right through you like you're not even there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. So. Right. Well I put. <SEP> On the other side of the house though that's where we have all the the delicate flowers and the mums. And we have morning glory. Uh-huh. And we have trumpet vine and moon flowers. And we planted those out by the septic so that uh they get plenty of water. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we get hummingbirds come in the spring you know all summer long. Oh. Oh that sounds so pretty. <SEP> And well when we leave the doors open they fly in the house. Oh really. Do they don't do any damage though. They just fly right back out if you have the. <SEP> Well yeah. They don't like it in here because there's nothing to eat. I see. And when you're as busy as one of those babies you've got to eat most of the time. I see. <SEP> And we got a few you know. We put up some hummingbird feeders and some bird feeders. Uh-huh. But you know for the most part gardening for us is. Well we got asparagus. And uh we've got some plum trees and some apple trees and some tomato and some blackberries and strawberries. Uh-huh. <SEP> Man we get the best strawberries that you just can't believe. Oh oh that sounds wonderful. We just got our last tomatoes. Oh I love home gro- grown tomatos. <SEP> Yeah. There's nothing like them. They just don't have the same ones in the supermarket. Well these are accidental tomatos. What does that mean accidental tomatoes? <SEP> Well last year the birds came and ate a few of the tomatoes. Of course you're going to lose some that way. Uh-huh. And the seeds go right through them. I see. <SEP> And wherever they pooped.