Tell me what you think about the Vietnam war. Okay. Well I'm a Vietnam era veteran. And uh I was uh fortunate not to have to serve in the theater. However my support roll in the service was to support those in the theater of operation. Uh. I'm of the old school that believes that uh the uh uh contracts that we made back years ago needed to be honored. However uh I think we could have executed the war and gotten it over a whole lot quicker. Uh. But those are my personal thoughts. And I think that if we'd let the generals run the war like we let the generals run World War Two we'd had got it over a whole lot quicker and lost a lot fewer people. But as it was the politicians ran the the Korean conflict and ultimately the Vietnam thing. And we managed to come out uh losers all the way around. And so this is what trigger- ultimately triggered us uh United States uh per se being uh deciding to get out of the role of world policeman. Your views. Uh as I understand it and I uh don't know a lot about it uh we got in there because of France. <SEP> Well. Uh France was there first. They had. We got into it because of SEATO agreement back just right after World War Two that uh we pledged a mutual uh uh defense of of the South Vietnamese. And as it turned out they were in a civil war one with another. And really we. I I question us you know now. Of course hindsight is all too clear. Sure. <SEP> Uh so we're we we have to have to deal with with the uh situation as as we played it. Jerry what did you think of people like uh Jane Fonda another war an- anti-war activist. I. Don't get me started on those people. You know before she before Jane Fonda did did what she did I thought she was a wonderful person. But after uh uh well. I I just don't have anything want anything to do with her any more. Because you support uh you support your government. Right or wrong? <SEP> Uh okay. Right or wrong. I don't think is is we can determine whether we were right or wrong. Because you're you're having to deal with again uh. I think we could have made a different agreement back in for- the for- the late forties era that would have kept of there. Uh-huh. Uh you know I I didn't realize that we'd signed some type of deal like that. I thought we came in as first advisors to the French and then they decided to pull out. And. <SEP> Can you hold just a second Terry? Sure. One moment please. Sure. Wonder what happens to this little beastie on call waiting or something. Huh fascinating. Well that's not. <SEP> Sorry for the delay. That's okay. Uh yeah. This is. The uh the the uh mutual defense thing was uh. We we. It was complicated. And I don't think everybody knows the whole situation. I don't. But from what I can gather is we went and said yeah we will help the South Vietnamese uh should they ask. Well the French went in and tried their old style warfare and uh got soundly thrashed. And we didn't do a whole lot better. Um. No. I had thought that they had uh colonies there or something. <SEP> Well yeah. That was the old French colony but see the French the French were our uh allies in NATO. Right. And they're also our allies in SEATO which was the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization which has since been uh disbanded as far as I know. You know NATO is is on the way of being disbanded. Uh. But uh the you know the French yeah. We go in as an ally to the French and says yeah we'll we'll help you out if you get in a bind. Well they got in a bind and says we don't want to you know play any more. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh we we kind of we kind of got got the ball rolling ourselves versus a bunch of top secret silly organi- uh um oh operations and then the full scale you know full scale troops et cetera et cetera et cetera. Yeah. I'm thirty-two. So uh I bar-. Well I missed it. Seventy-four is when they quit sending troops. Uh yeah. Yeah. Roughly. Yeah. I was just probably three or four years.