So uh what kind of home repair work have you done? Well um done a little uh repair on the uh shingles on the roof recently. We've had a lot of wind around here. Been pulling them up huh or just loosening them until the rain came in? <SEP> Yes. It looks like I'm going to have to get up there again because we may have a leak. Are you in the section of Texas that's been getting so much rain? We've been getting quite a bit maybe not quite as bad as some of the folks down around San Antonio. But uh well I'm right. Plano's just north of Dallas. Oh okay. <SEP> And there are parts of downtown or near downtown Dallas that are under water right now I guess. I saw on the news. Yeah. But you're probably what about halfway across the state from San Antonio though aren't you? Well we're up uh we're north and uh oh about uh I don't know uh eighty to a hundred miles south of the Oklahoma line I guess. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. But you're still getting a good bit of the rain though. Uh we did have a little bit of rain yesterday. So far we haven't had any today. And uh I suppose that means I should be uh getting up there to look at that uh shingle. But uh I had something else planned today. Yeah. <SEP> So I guess I'll let it go awhile. Yeah. Is it asphalt shingles. Or or. They're uh. No. They're uh wood shake. Ooh. That should be a lot of fun. <SEP> Yeah. Did you put them up originally or just going up and stopping leaks in them? No. I. Uh as a matter of fact we've never had a leak actually yet. Now this. We just bought the house last year. And uh uh just before we took possession of it we had a fellow go up there and do whatever needed to be done on the shingles. So I've just recently had to start looking at it myself. Yeah. <SEP> So it's a small problem so far. But I guess you just have to keep on top of it. What kind of roof do you have? Uh we're in uh campus apartment buildings with flat top uh. Oh then you don't have to do too much with it. Not too much. They're just tar and gravel treated flat top roofs. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you got pretty well pitch on that roof or is it pretty steep? Oh it's pretty steep. Uh parts of it are steeper than others. What do you use to keep from sliding off that rascal? <SEP> Well uh you wear uh shoes with good traction and and and try to remember where you are at all times. Yeah. I imagine I imagine. And remember to yell Geronimo if all else fails. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That would be just too much of a fall for me. Um have you been uh. Was was the house reasonably new. Or you been doing some remodeling work on it. It's actually just twelve years old now. That's pretty new house yet. <SEP> Yeah. It uh. This part of the country. Actually they say that when the house is uh fifteen it's already old. But just take good care of it. Yeah. Thing is. We've uh the main thing that we've had with this house recently has been some uh squirming I call it of the foundation. We're just on a concrete slab you know. Yeah. <SEP> But uh the soil right under this is a clay. And it uh. It's settling unevenly? Well it uh depending on its moisture content it either swells up or shrinks. And uh of course the soil right under the slab retains its moisture a lot longer. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so during the dry season you have to water the foundation to keep your foundation from uh from uh drooping. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh but anytime there's a change in the weather like the temperature drastic changes in temperature or in uh moisture uh you get little spider web cracks all around uh windows and doors. Well that sounds like a lot of fun. Well usually what you do is just wait until you think it's stopped. And then you patch them up. Um. What is it like uh stucco walls or. <SEP> Uh well this is all uh it's all drywall. Oh drywall. Uh I think with uh. Wood framing? <SEP> Yeah. Right. Okay. But uh somehow or other that does manage to uh show these little cracks. I don't know quite how that works. Maybe it isn't drywall. I don't really know. They plastered over drywall. <SEP> Yeah. I think it is. I remember my parents home is drywalled and then they uh almost like a small grade stucco type plastering over the drywall to give it a textured sort of a look. I expect that's what it is. Yeah. And made for kind of a hard shell on the on the drywall. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's the way this is done. Fortunately we haven't had any real big holes in it yet. So I. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. That would that would be in terribly terribly exasperating to have the the slab floor like that swelling and giving like that. Yes. Well the previous owner had a major problem with it because uh oh probably a variety of things. His neighbor used.