Okay. All set then. Uh what do you think about it? Uh I think it's a real good concept. Uh drug testing procedures would have to be refined. Uh-huh. <SEP> From what I've seen on the news there's a a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy poor procedure in uh drug testing. Oh I didn't realize that. Yeah. Uh there have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their in their uh test. But they didn't know for sure what it was. But it was a drug. So they got turned down. And uh turns out it was a prescription. Or people getting somebody else's blood test. Uh-huh. <SEP> Same sort of problem that happens sometimes is these some of these uh like AIDS tests and such. Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's right. I have heard. Uh I don't remember what they call it sort of like a positive negatives or some some kind of word they use when a uh you get a uh a positive indication of drugs. But there's not really there weren't really any there. <SEP> Yeah. Uh every now and then there's an error. And people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I work here at Texas Instruments. So uh we we do a let me think do we yeah everyone coming in. I guess I did three years ago. <SEP> Yeah. Everyone coming in uh goes through the drug testing procedure. And they talk about it as a you know as as better for the country and better for the working conditions. Uh-huh. So if they uh they test for drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I I'm I can't even remember if we do random sampling anymore. I know we did in the military. But I don't know if once you're in they continue to do it. Yeah. But I guess you're always on call for it. <SEP> Yeah. I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart. Uh-huh. And about a year and a half ago they instituted a uh a uh drug testing program uh well drug and alcohol testing program. It's it's not a random. Uh-huh. <SEP> Through the s-. It. As each employee comes in part of the hiring procedure is a a blood test. Uh. Uh-huh. But I think the big problem though is is they send these off to large labs. B-. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And then they have thousands and thousands of samples that uh going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up things like that. So your big beef with it is the uh. <SEP> It's. Is is it's a good idea. But like you said the drug testing procedures need to be defined a little better. Yeah. Make sure it's a lot safer because a couple of people are going to be discriminated against unfairly or whatever. Yeah. I I I tend to agree with you David. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. My brother uh brother used to work for Wal-Mart. And then I don't know if he still does or what because I don't know if Sam's is actually part of it. But he you know is working at Sam's now. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Sam's is part of Wal-Mart. Okay. Yeah. Then he's been working for the company for a while too. He uh. Yeah. Good company uh. <SEP> Oh yeah. You all uh have some. He's telling me about good profit sharing and all that. Company's that was a great place to work. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's good news. Yeah. They got to had two or three years in with them you can start buying stock. And you have a have a little taken out of your check each each payday to put against uh uh stock portfolio. Uh not portfolio just you know against Wal-Mart stock. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh you can build a pretty fair amount of stock after a while. Yeah. That's what my brother was telling me. That's good good new- good deal. Well uh how long were we s-. I haven't done this in a couple months. How long were we supposed to discuss for? <SEP> Uh you're supposed to get five minutes. Okay. We got a couple more minutes then I guess. Uh think what else I can say about that. Uh. Uh do you have any idea uh. Let's see. You were you were tested for drugs as you got into T as as you got into T I? Right. Uh everyone coming in gets goes through the drug test. <SEP> Yeah. Uh now uh were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through. Or. Uh no. Well let me think about that. Yeah. It was after I w- I had already been hired. Uh. Okay. Yeah. You get hired then you come in the first. I. Seems to me I remember that uh I was hired came in and went through some orientation. And I thought I. Boy I can't remember. That would seem strange to already be working here in the first week of the drug test. Maybe it was during the interview. I came up a couple times for an interview. So it's hard for me to remember where I was when all that happened. But uh I guess just like other companies other friends I've been hearing about that have been moving around. It's it's before. They have to wait for the drug test to come in before you actually get employment. So I'm sure that happened to me too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. What what about oh. They just instituted it there at Wal-Mart. <SEP> Yeah. So. They they it was after I was already working there. And they weren't testing any of those who were already working. Right. <SEP> So.