You bet. They tell you our topic? Uh pets. You've got it. <SEP> Do you have pets? Yes. We do. Uh my wife and I have a dog that soon be eight years old. And we have a a cat which is uh I guess about five years old. Oh my goodness. How about you guys? <SEP> We have three dogs and two birds at this point. Three dogs. And two bi-. What kind of birds do you have? <SEP> Parakeets. No kidding. En- enjoy them? Oh have a ball with them. You let them out and let them fly around and everything? <SEP> Well no. Because my dogs chase them. Okay. So in order to have the birds not stuffed I have to keep them in their cages. You-. <SEP> You know this is like a cruelty joke. And I apologize if you're a bird lover. But uh we had a parakeet. And my fault put up our first electric fan. And never thought about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Knocked that parakeet right out of the air. Well we had that happen once um. My son had the bird back in his room. Because it's his bir- well the first one that we had was his bird. And I had a ceiling fan put up. And it the bird got away from him one afternoon. And I mean that sucker hit that fan and went flying up against the wall. I thought oh so much for the bird. It killed him? <SEP> No. He's still alive and kicking. Oh that's. Well it killed ours. I'll be darned. No. I guess we didn't have it high enough or he didn't get hit in just the right spot. <SEP> But it threw him up against the wall you know. And he slid down the wall. Well speaking of pets I'll tell you my my kids are older now. My both of them are either in or out of college. But but we had for years about five years I guess had a my son had a Burmese boa constrictor. And that thing grew to be seven and a half feet in in length. Oh gosh. Oh I hate them. And finally my wife wife bless her heart got rid of it because I didn't really like it. <SEP> We also had a. One year down in Florida on a vacation for Father's Day my kids years ago maybe uh ten years ago go bought me a skunk from a exotic pet shop. It'd be like it'd been like deactivated as far as s- s- smell and everything. Oh my goodness. And we had that darn pet skunk for about five years. And and my son left went to school. We finally sold his boa constrictor. But my son needed some money. And we we sold it for about two hundred and fifty dollars. <SEP> You're kidding. So when the guy came over he was infatuated by that skunk. So I made him a deal. I said You take that skunk. And he said I'll sell that snake to you for two fifty. I said otherwise I'm going to give it to this other man. So he took the skunk too. And the skunk was a good a decent pet. But you know does his little jobbies in the litter box. And is is. <SEP> Oh well that's pretty good. And it was sort of a neat. But they just stink too much. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That was sort of fun you know. I tell everyone this story because my wife is a real pet lover. I use to visualize my wife. Many times my wife would be lying there on the sofa. And this snake honestly would be stretched across the top of her body and with his with his head right on her neck. <SEP> Oh you're kidding. Oh. And the skunk would be sitting at her feet. But the cat would be on the back of the sofa. And a dog would be running around crazy. <SEP> Oh my gosh. I can not ima-. I just I don't. In fact my brother has a uh a exotic pet shop out in California. And he keeps threatening to send a snake through the mail you know. I'm going don't do that because they won't come in my house. Oh gosh. Oh my son bought this snake uh. Someone gave it to him when he was in junior high school. And it was just a small thing then. But it got to be pretty big. And you know you'd feed it you'd feed it you put feed him small mice to big rats and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's just uh too much. That snake used to watch our cat walk around. I always told my wife. I says you know your friend's going to get our cat one of these days. Oh my gosh. <SEP> Oh my gosh. That is wild. Oh I just can't do those and the lizards and the all those those things. Oh me neither. They they need to stay outside far away from me. We're down to a simple dog and cat now. And that's the way it should be. And. <SEP> Yeah. Haven't had any parakeets for quite a while. Birds. Uh customer of mine has a parrot. And uh gosh sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot. And that was just mind boggling. Oh yeah. They are so expensive. Well my son was just dying for a bird. And I'm really allergic to them. So I try to stay away from them except I've gotten real attached to this one. Are you? <SEP> And and uh we went down to Canton one time oh gosh two or three years ago now. Uh-huh. And he'd saved up his allowance you know and picked him out a bird in a bird cage. And and that stinking bird when I brought it home tried to take it out of the little box that they give you. <SEP> Yes. Clamped onto my finger and would not. I mean I had to literally shake him off to get him in the cage. And he has tried to bite me for two years. And all of a sudden this bird and I have become wonderful friends. Oh gosh. <SEP> He gives me kisses. He talks now. That's neat. And it's just hysterical. I'm the only one that pays attention to him. Why sure. <SEP> And I'm a substitute teacher. And one of my fifth graders last year came up to me and said my mom's making me get rid of the bird. We have too many pets. I thought yeah right come tell me about it you know. Come to my menagerie. <SEP> They knew the sucker when they saw one. So now we have two parakeets.