Return anything. Well really the only things that I have returned have not been faulty. <SEP> It's been because of the size or some problem like that. Right. I really haven't had to return things because they didn't perform the way they were supposed to. Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee. Yeah. The only thing I've had lately is uh my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for uh Christmas. And uh i- it takes them less than a day. And they're broken in one way or another. But I don't know if that's just kids or if that's uh. Maybe those type of products sh- should be for older kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. What age are your children? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them. Uh-huh. And uh I don't think they're unduly rough. But maybe they are. I don't know. But uh a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces. And they're easily lost and easily broken. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well my daughter is twenty-one now. So it's been a while since we've had Barbie things. It's been a while since they've uh gone through the Barbie stuff. <SEP> But we did have Barbies we did have Barbies and things. And there. Seems to me that that became a craze when she was already oh like you know third fourth fifth grade. Right. So she wasn't in it for very long before she was out of it. But uh I don't remember her breaking a lot of stuff. Don't remember her breaking uh. <SEP> No. I don't. But I also don't remember lots of little pieces. They've got so many different things with it now. Well that's one thing they've got. They've got every type of imaginable. Camping on the beach and all of these come with oh like tiny tiny little plates and little sunglasses. And uh. Goodness. My three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll. And so I finally got her a Ken doll. And uh less than a week later the arm was broken. <SEP> Oh dear. But they were real good about replacing it. That's one nice thing is they're real good about replacing it. Well uh I guess if they'll replace them then they assume they shouldn't have broken. Right. Well the the you know those little arms are supposed to twist almost any way. And. <SEP> Any direction. She's not that strong that I would she's not that big of a girl that I think could really take a grip on it like a bigger kid could you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yeah. The main thing that they've they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes. Yes. <SEP> You know that was about it. That was about it. Uh-huh. And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff. But. <SEP> And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics. My my children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight. Oh is that right? Uh-huh. And. Well do you see that there's a big problem with electronic things? <SEP> No. Not really. We uh haven't had that much you know problem with things that we have bought. They seem to to last. In fact when they offer us extended warranties we we don't buy them because we've We don- we find we don't need them. Don't buy them because you don't need them. Yes. <SEP> And uh it seems like it's just a an added tack on. Plus a lot of the credit cards now you know will guarantee. If you purchase on your credit card you know then they put an extended warranty on it if it doesn't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time. Oh yeah. So it seems like it's a waste of money. Yes. <SEP> Well you almost assume if you're going to have problems with it it's usually bef- before that warranty would expire. Any. The first one. Uh-huh. And like I've even bought on a recliner once I bought you know a a an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that. And I never used it. You never nee- even needed it. <SEP> And so it seems ridiculous. And like washers and dryers and things like that I've never had one go out. In fact they usually. When they do go out it's either something my husband can buy the part and fix. And we don't even have a repairman come. Or it means it's old enough that it's time to replace the whole thing. It's time to replace it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. So I mean. I think these extended warranties are gimmicks really. <SEP> I do too. A lot of it. We bought when we first married we bought one on our T V. And that there's. It was a five year after the first five years. And it was ridiculous. Uh-huh. And they charge you a pretty good price for them too. Yes. They're a pretty healthy price. And you're trying to think oh maybe I'll need this. You never you always think gosh if I say no then I won't you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Well my husband finally just put his foot down. I don't know. <SEP> And he said we're not going to buy any of these anymore. And if it goes out well you know. You probably got your worth out of it anyway. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh so we really have been fairly happy wi- with things. But now we take good care of things. And we don't uh run out and buy a lot of of things either. And since our kids aren't little anymore I'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken. Yes. The little. Well you probably are real careful of the brands you buy. And the when you do buy things you probably watch what kind of type of. Well you look at the consumer guide. Yes. <SEP> And uh you go around. And you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the.