Did you hear our topic? It's in regards to discussing homes. Homes. Yes sir. Uh-huh. What are are you settled in a place? Yeah. I'm settled in a place. I've been in it for twelve years since nineteen uh actually thirteen years since nineteen seventy-eight. And it's in Richardson Texas which is north Texas or north Dallas. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And we've lived in two houses in Richardson. We moved here in seventy-four and uh changed locations in seventy-eight. <SEP> Okay. How about yourself? Well we uh left here in seventy-six. Uh we were here for a few years. Then we uh have come back just this summer. Right now we're looking for housing uh somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area. Are you familiar with that? Yeah. It's a nice area. <SEP> Yeah. It is. The kids are in school here in Duncanville. We're in a temporary place right now. And uh so they've enjoyed the school. So we're kind of trying to stay here. But. Are you finding it tough trying to find what you want. Or. Well what the problem we got is that we've got five children. Oh boy. <SEP> And so uh we really want four or five bedroom house. And uh you know everybody says you know how many houses are on the market and all that kind of thing. R- right. So we uh we look at the paper. We look at our talk to our realtor. And you can cut you know the listings uh in about a third when you go from three to four bedrooms you know or five. Sure. <SEP> Are you looking. Or you settled. I mean. No. We're settled. And uh we're uh. H- having. I'm probably older than you. I'm fifty-two. But anyway I my youngest is getting married this year graduating college. <SEP> Oh great. So I can board up their rooms and look forward to retirement maybe. <SEP> That empty nest syndrome is going to set in I guess. Oh gosh. So we're looking forward to retiring in about three years and maybe relocating to Florida or somewhere. Closer closer to our families. Great. <SEP> Okay. Okay. You are you from Florida originally? No. From West Virginia. But everyone's uh my wife's parents are from the New York New Jersey area. <SEP> Yeah. So but everyone seems uh has seem to relocated down that area. Oh yeah. Seems like a nice place to go. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We've got five. And the oldest is uh ninth grade. And the youngest is second grade. And I think they're going to be uh with us forever. I don't know if that's true. But it's sure you know we're not anywhere near looking to uh uh cut down in size. We're we're trying to find. Oh I understand. <SEP> You need very minimum four and probably five. <SEP> Oh yeah. In fact six would be real good. Right. My wife and I can share a bedroom. It's tough to find a five and six room bedroom house isn't it? <SEP> Either. Oh I don't think it's possible unless you you know multimillionaire something like that. Oh I know. <SEP> Uh. Seems like you get in that category you're in the three hundred thousand dollar homes or whatever. And it's that's an awful lot you know. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Yeah. Uh we're having. Actually if we find something for uh I'd say less than a hundred and twenty thousand we'll be doing all right you know. Right. <SEP> That's uh. But I think the thing's out there. It's just a matter of uh you know looking you know finding the right place uh. Just Matter of looking. <SEP> Right. Lot of people will buy in your situation will buy a four bedroom house and convert maybe the garage or something or the or do something. I had a young lady used to work for me at my office from the high school. And she had uh there were seven kids in her family. <SEP> Wow. And they converted the dining room and did this and that. But they always seemed to get along fine you know. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I think once we get into a place it will be just fine. But you know it's until then it's uh oh a little stressful you know just looking all the time and that sort of thing. Oh sure. Oh I know. And it's there's nothing harder than that. I always just sort of a assign my wife that chore. Then I would let her narrow it down to three or four. Then I'd go look because women seem to like to look a lot more than men do. <SEP> Oh yeah. Maybe that's the case. At least she's got more opinions you know. There's uh seems like there's more constraints more things that she thinks about. You know openness uh the size of the kitchen and all this kind of stuff that I would probably gloss over and maybe even ignore you know. Yes. <SEP> Why certainly. <SEP> I understand that. So. What kind of business are you in? <SEP> I'm in the uh sporting goods business. I'm a manufacturer's rep. I represent fourteen different hunting and shooting type companies. Oh yeah. Great. What who are you with? <SEP> Uh we're with an organization called uh Wycliff Bible Translators. Uh-huh. It's a a missions organization and uh doing uh translation linguistics that sort of thing. Well great. <SEP> Uh it's got an office down here in uh in near Duncanville. And we just moved down to be on staff down here. So. How how was the uh. S- you say you lived in the Denver area before? Right. How did that compare with this area as far as house- housing prices? <SEP> Uh we were uh really surprised to find that they're higher here. Uh. No kidding. When we moved from Louisiana to Denver it was astounding you know to find that prices were oh I guess almost two or three times as high as we'd expected. And then uh to come down here we thought things would be lower. And they're not. I guess uh really prices for housing are just.