Uh we have a Sheltie Collie a miniature Sheltie. Do you? Yeah. It's about oh about six months old. And we're try-. We live in an apartment. So we don't have a yard. So it has to stay inside. And we're having a difficult time trying to train it. <SEP> How old is it? It's about six months. Uh you you're you're in the roughest stages of pet ownership I think. Really? <SEP> But they're supposed to be real intelligent dogs. But I guess every one one one one of them or every once in a while you get one that's not so intelligent because this one it. Well. I don't I don't know if that has anything to do with the intelligence really the the the training bit uh. <SEP> I've had dogs through the years. Right now I've got two and three cats. But uh and my son and daughter-in-law have kind of a Sheltie mix. And we watched it this summer for two to three months. And it wasn't trained quite fully either. Uh-huh. And uh but it was a sweet and an intelligent dog. Yeah. So how'd you all how do you. What's the best method? <SEP> I don't know. I I'm old fashioned. And when I got my my dogs when they when they did something I hollered at them and threw them outside. Right. They say that's not the way to do it now. <SEP> You're just supposed to. Stand outside with them until they. No. Just just put them outside I guess. Unless you ca- catch them in the act. Well we're hardly ever at home. So it's kind of difficult. <SEP> Yeah. And you know you don't want to you don't want to spank it or scare it or anything like that. So. No. No. You don't want to do that. But uh. Yeah. We we try to take it you know. It gets it gets frustrating when you take it outside. And you know and then it runs right inside. <SEP> Does does it just want to sniff around? And it does it. Huh? Does it just want to sniff around and play when it's outside? Yeah. A lot of times. And you know it won't it's little job outside. <SEP> Yeah. And it comes inside. Have you praised it and given it a treat maybe when it does something outside? Uh yeah. We've tried that. And uh you know there's certain spots in the house where he likes to go. <SEP> Yeah. So and he chews on plants and all that. But you know that's natural for a little puppy. Huh? That's nothing huh. <SEP> Well it it it'll it'll catch on pretty soon I'll I'll bet you. I I have a sixteen year old almost sixteen year old Golden Retriever. And she's gone the other way. Because she's so old she doesn't have much control. Oh really. So we're battling with that problem. Oh that's sad. <SEP> And she still feels good. Uh she can't hear worth a darn or see very well. But she's got a great appetite. And she knows we're there by smell. How old is it? <SEP> She'll be sixteen in May. Man that's sad. And yeah. <SEP> But we can't bear to do anything because she's been our friend for all these years. Oh of course not. So we're putting up with all her accidents. I couldn't. <SEP> And the la-. Two nights ago she had diarrhea. And so that was a bad one. But uh I think we're buying a carpet shampooer this weekend. That is really sad. What what's the deal. We we try to we're trying to take it on walks now you know. Uh-huh. And we can't because it's not accustomed to being on a leash. <SEP> Yeah. And so it I mean this dog really feels like it's being killed or something when you try to you know tug on it to walk it. I mean it just goes like a mad dog. I mean it just jumps up and down and starts yapping. And it's you know I mean it's not even close to even being trained on a leash. Does it oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know maybe you nee- you can get it signed up this spring or summer for some of the dog obedience classes. Uh-huh. Well we've heard bad we've heard some bad things about some of those you know. They sometimes mis- misuse their license or whatever you know. <SEP> Oh. They treat them bad. Well you know we went we went to the junior college Richland. Oh really? <SEP> And we took. My my daughter was living at home then. And she took our Golden Retriever oh not the Golden Retriever the Norwegian Elk Hound over there. Oh really? And it it it's a pretty good class. And they did pretty good except this dog is. She's just pretty. She's not smart. Uh-huh. <SEP> So she didn't learn a lot. But it I think it calmed her down a little bit. And she's used to being around other dogs now. How long did it take? I think it was like a six week program. Every what? <SEP> Uh I think it was one night a week for like six weeks. Oh really? And uh you know it was a group class outside. It was fairly reasonable too. Well Sheltie Collies are you know timid. And they don't really. Unless they get used to something they're really nervous. And. <SEP> Yeah. They're they're usually a high-strung dog aren't they? Yeah. Yeah. And uh if they're not accustomed to something they they're really scared. So. <SEP> Um our our friend has a.