Uh did you watch the Bulls this morning? You know what. I watched a little bit of uh of the Bulls game. And I uh had to leave. Uh in fact I I think the Bulls were ahead when I uh when I left. Who won the game? They won in a squeaker. They won by they won by two points. <SEP> Is that right? Uh they were behind as they headed into each quarter. And then they came back in the second half. And at the end I think they were uh looked they looked like they were closing it out. And then Detroit kept coming back. And uh Isaiah missed a three point attempt at the end. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I think the Bulls won by two. Wow they've got the don't they have the best record now? I think they do as a matter of fact. <SEP> Yeah. One of the uh commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would uh if they continued at their current pace uh set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season. Wow. Yeah. They looked real good. And. <SEP> They they do. And they you know. I think by uh by relieving some of the pressure off of uh of uh uh. Michael Jordan really helped them out. You know he doesn't have they don't have to rely on him to score ev- you know thirty or forty points at every at every game. Right. So. Yeah. Well they they're they're balancing their attack. And I think they look like uh they'll repeat although uh here in the Bay Area people are real impressed with what Don Nelson's done with the Warriors. <SEP> Oh I know. I'm. Yeah. I saw the w- I saw the Warriors uh just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors uh Dallas game. I saw the the second half of the game last night. And they were impressive. They look good. Billy Owens looks like he was. That was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him. <SEP> Yeah. Now I don't uh I haven't kept up with what was going on with uh with the. Well they traded away uh Mitch Richmond. Or is it Tim Hardaway. One of the two uh who along with uh Chris Mullen was you know. Though three were three of the best in the N B A. And and they made a heck of a threesome. Uh-huh. And they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens. And uh. <SEP> Good move. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's really worked out well. They've got th- the Warriors have got a team uh. And uh I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do. They're ahead. And the Lakers are down I guess in fourth uh position in the west. And I don't know. Yeah. In the east I don't know uh. Is it Boston in uh first place? <SEP> Uh I think Boston's in first. Uh I you know I haven't kept up with any of the other uh teams. I'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks you know. Boy. They've had a hard time. They said they've lost a lot of squeakers. Oh man !. <SEP> That. Well yeah. But I mean just this whole year has been just disastrous for them. And uh you know they're going I I think they're going for an all time record of how many l- you know losses in a row they can they c- they can uh pull out. Yeah. It's unbelievable. How do people in Texas deal with Dallas Houston and San Antonio. Do you for example like San Antonio in Dallas? <SEP> Uh. Well actually actually the the the Dallas area here uh pulls for Dallas. Uh San Antonio pulls for San Antonio. And Houston pulls for for the Rockets. So there isn't much crossover huh. Y-. <SEP> There really. I mean not a whole lot. You know. I mean d- you find them they're find them be to be pretty loyal uh in with the local teams. Yeah. Uh you know it's kind of I guess it's kind of like uh there in the Bay area you know you don't find a whole lot of uh of Sacramento fans. Yeah. It's true. Because s- San Antonio isn't that close to you are they? <SEP> Really isn't. Uh-uh. No. It's you know it's it's about the same uh same distance from here to s- to San Antonio as it is from there to Sacramento. Is it? <SEP> Yeah. So it's not something you'd drive. So it's yeah it's not really a local you know. Yeah. I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing. <SEP> Uh he does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio. And they I mean they have got a great club. You know. They've done a good job. I mean of course drafting a franchise like him certainly. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That always makes a big difference. Yeah. I mean that's. So. I think the way it uh I think that's the way it works now in basketball. You you know Magic was a franchise for the Lakers and you know uh Bird for the for the uh Celtics. <SEP> Yeah. And. And you know uh you know I used to think that that one one player really doesn't make a club. But it really does you know. Well it. <SEP> You get somebody like Magic. And you can see the decline in that team. Well yeah. Once he left you know it's it's just not the same uh it's not the same team. There's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for. Well I think you're right. And I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit. And I think those things do make a difference. And there are marquee players. And I think I think Jordan and the and the Bulls have to be uh considered the likely favorites. <SEP> Oh yeah. I don't know who would meet them in the west. Uh I don't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year. They were so disap-. Who won that Portland game? You know I wasn't I I d- I watched only a few minutes of it. And I wasn't paying attention. Uh and so I don't know uh. <SEP> Uh. But Phoenix you know Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs. And.