Well as far as I'm concerned and it's probably apt that your call's at this time because we just got through watching uh REASONABLE DOUBTS. Which had a you know capital case in it. Uh-huh. And uh m- I personally have uh. My own feelings about uh capital punishment is I think it should be mandatory upon a third conviction felony. <SEP> I do too. Mandatory I mean summary execution on the steps that day. Uh-huh. Well I think you know I'm I'm in that same. I think if it's uh if it's a con- if it's a convicted uh felon on parole uh and he goes out and and commits another crime or kills somebody I you know I I feel the same way. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't think I think that person is is beyond uh rehabilitation. And and he should be taken out. Well I I also firmly believe that no one is beyond reclamation. Uh-huh. But I do know that some people almost all people usually die before that point. <SEP> Uh-huh. They just get too old. Uh-huh. Uh as far as capital punishment on on it's own merits I have the trouble with the way it's applied. I think it should be applied d- on a little bit more fair manner. Uh and I've I've said this very often. And I believe it to be the a very true axiom. So I would be rather be white rich and guilty than black and innocent. Because if you're if you're black and you kill a white guy you're going to fry. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Kill you. They will kill you. <SEP> Yeah. And if you're black and you kill a black guy you know it's you know two hundred hours of community service. Yeah. You don't hear you don't hear too much about of those cases. Well it's a social disease that we have called one upsmanship you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We're the majority. So we can do whatever the hell we want to do. <SEP> That's right. And you're the minority. And you're stuck with it. Huh. But uh you know we had this in the Vietnam war you know. We had you know. Population of blacks among military people in Vietnam was about eighty percent. <SEP> Right. But the population of blacks in the military was about twenty-two percent. Huh. The handwriting's on the wall there isn't it? <SEP> Yep. It sure is. You know but that's another issue altogether. Yeah. It's. As far as capital punishment I think that uh ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment. I think the guy should have ninety days. And if he can't produce evidence not argument but evidence. <SEP> Uh-huh. See the only thing I don't you know I don't understand I guess I I don't understand our judicial system uh as it is right now. Because I you know if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of ex- execution? I mean how you know is there. Well. <SEP> Th- that goes back to when uh America was a a colony of England. Uh-huh. In England you went to court you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty you know judge said he's guilty kill him. Well th- there were some people that uh that had a problem with that. Because they found out later on that jeez you know a guy will lie rather than get killed. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And he'll say you know hey that guy did it you know not me. <SEP> Yeah. And uh or he'll have somebody lie for him. You know people lie. It's a strange thing. Yeah. But they do that. And to prevent that kind of misuse of power they wrote into the Constitution a protection against judicial mishap. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. And the judicial mishap in this event would be hey you got the wrong guy. Look at that guy uh at E Systems. <SEP> Yep. They were g- they convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit. Yeah. He was too far away when it happened. He had witnesses that were you know they weren't dope dealers they weren't drug fiends they were employees of a an establishment that had a very high level of security sense too. And these were really responsible people. <SEP> Huh. You know and they convicted this guy because somebody says well he looks like the right guy. They all look the same to me you know. <SEP> Yeah. Big lips flat nose yep that was him. Yep. What do you think about uh uh convicted uh.