Okay. Your family have reunions on a regular basis? Probably once every five years. <SEP> Once every five years? Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh you have got a pretty big family. Yeah. And that is the hardest part about getting the fam- the stuff together. And everyone is spread out all over Timbuktu. <SEP> Oh yeah. And you? Yeah. We have a pretty big family. But most of us. Well uh uh I am originally from West Virginia. Uh-huh. <SEP> Most of the family is right in the West Virginia uh uh what they call Tri-State area uh northern West Virginia eastern Ohio southwestern Pennsylvania. Yeah. Most everybody is right in that area. That makes it a lot easier. A lot more convenient. That is why we only do it once every five or ten years. <SEP> Yeah. Spec-. Because it is always that hard to get everyone together. Yeah. They put one together for our family about once every June. It was on my grandmother's birthday. But she is she is gone now. Yeah. See that is kind of what happened with ours. That is why we have not had one in a long time. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. So so to make one successful I mean I mean what do you all do. Oh. Do you all just start planning real far ahead of time? <SEP> Pardon. Uh do you all start planning real far ahead of time? Well no. There is kind of a set pattern to it. There is uh. So uh the day it happens is ninety-eight percent of the planning usually. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. Uh we uh get together at the uh the park uh the uh the park and playground area of the Church I was raised in. Yeah. And uh everybody brings lots of food. And some put up the volleyball net and sit around and tell stories and catch up and play volleyball all day and get really fat. Eat a lot. <SEP> Oh gosh. It is a lot harder for us because we are like I said we are spread out. Yeah. And so we have to plan anywhere from six well really probably a year ahead of time so that everyone can uh start their uh vacation time. <SEP> Schedule vacation time. And yeah. We usu-. Uh Sat uh Sunday afternoon or uh sometimes it has been like on a Saturday afternoon. Uh-huh. Usually it is like Sunday afternoon. And most people do not have more than you know a couple of hours drive at tops to get there and back. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Is that one of your uh. I mean uh. Well where I am calling from is southern Mississippi. So we have got uh uh my wife and I have uh a bit longer ways to go than most. But you also manage to make them. <SEP> Uh actually we we have only made one of them since we got married about four years ago. One of the family reunions. Yeah. But we are both in school. So that makes it kind of tough. Yeah. <SEP> They usually uh they have been happening uh just after the summer semester starts. You can't really get away. Usually not. We managed to get to one. That was before I started school. And she took that summer off. But uh. Well now that we have been talking about it I uh I am kind of getting home sick now. <SEP> Because it has been over three years since I have been home to see my grandparents. Oh goodness. Well my my grandfather is the only one that is still around. <SEP> Yeah. And see my grandmother is the one that use to plan this stuff basically. Yeah. So unless the aunts and uncles really get on the ball and put stuff together it is kind of like. She was like the glue. So. <SEP> Yeah. I understand. Where is home for you? Originally uh I uh was born in Missouri. Yeah. But uh you know we have relatives scattered out all over Louisiana Mississippi uh here in Texas. <SEP> Yeah. But it is harder for everyone to get in get home. Yeah. Well maybe this year you can find a more central location. Well but the majority of them are in like just like how you said in close close quarters. So it is easier for us few stragglers to go home. <SEP> Oh okay. Then the majority of them are still in the Missouri area. Yeah. Okay. You know our family right now uh the most of it there is only a few stragglers uh with any distance. There is one cousin out in Colorado uh uh some cousins over in Phoenix uh. I got a sister over in in uh Washington State. Uh the rest of them are within you know a couple hours drive. Well uh how do you all communicate? Like to plan it and every thing. Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it. Or do you all like mail out stuff? <SEP> That is pretty much it. Yeah. It is going to be such and such uh weekend. And uh you all come. Yeah. That is about it. And you know this is the standard pattern. It uh. Everybody brings their favorite dish. And somebody brings the volleyball net. Somebody brings a whole lot of ice for the watermelon. And. Well uh uh I guess probably the last one I went to I met so many people that I had not seen in probably ten over ten years. It was like don't you remember me. And I am like no. <SEP> Am I related to you? Yeah. I know. Yeah. I married your cousin's brother's uncle or something like that. Do you. I mean is that since. I mean do you have them every year? <SEP> Uh yeah. Every year. And uh still you wind up meeting people you uh you never knew you were related to. Let alone. Yeah. <SEP> And. Well I think that is probably why our is probably so interesting is cause we don't have them that often. Oh yeah. And then when we do and everyone finally does get together. It is like after the you know.