Are you there? Uh-huh. Okay. Now tell me your favorite team. <SEP> Uh baseball? Yes. Well I've been kind of been intrigued with the Rangers uh more so with uh uh their management than anything else. I I don't follow baseball that that closely. But uh you know since I live here so close to Arlington uh that's the team that I've been kind of following. Okay. I think it's a little bit late in the season for them to assign us. Where do you think they're headed. So we'll have to talk about the future with the Rangers. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. What are your thinkings on what they can do what they'll be able to do? <SEP> Well I think that uh you know with uh so much controversy over Ruben Sierra not signing and asking us for so much money it's um you know I think. I'm not real sure about th-. Do you know anything about Ruben Sierra's uh. Well I heard tonight on the news that he is willing to come down. On his. Yeah. That he was willing to come down a little bit and uh if the Rangers will go up a little bit. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. And the Rangers go up a little bit. Uh-huh. <SEP> But a little bit from three you know from thirty million dollars or thirty-five mil-. That's a lot of money. I think the entire baseball. Yeah. They're the ones that probably are paying the highest. Yeah. They are. And I think this is absolutely ridiculous. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. And I really think I really think that uh that they ought to. I'm not real sure that they should pay him that much money. I think they should uh uh pay him what his salary is going to be uh and let him. Because he's got one more year before he turns into a free agent. That's right. <SEP> And then uh who knows. If he produces next year they may have to end up paying him anyway. But if he doesn't then his market value will go down. And they can pick him up for for a lot less than than they would uh if they paid him the si- you know the six million dollars a year this year. What I saw on the news today that. Bu- Buechele was back just to visit. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm awful sorry he's not still. Oh yeah. But you know what he. That was a great deal for him. Oh I'm sure it was. <SEP> Yeah. It was a great deal for him. And and uh he just signed on uh. I think it was like a five year deal with uh Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. Yeah. <SEP> So you know he's real happy there. As far as the Rangers are concerned I think I think they need some definitely need some pitching. Yes sir. Uh and so I you know I. Well what do you think of Howse who is the coach for the pitchers? <SEP> The pitching coach? Yes. Well you know I was just looking at the news tonight. And they showed a a a black guy that was go- was helping out uh His assistant. His assistant. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that's a a great addition. I mean he seemed to know what he was doing. And and uh. I really wish they could see fit to get rid of Howse. <SEP> Oh you don't like Howse huh? No. No. I really don't. And I'm not going to stand up you know on my soapbox and say that. <SEP> But I'm not fond of Howse. <SEP> And I'm not fond of Grieves. Oh Tom Grieve? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I'm not sure that um that they're ready to get rid of of uh Tom Grieve yet. But Howse might be a different uh situation. And I think you're probably right that they that they need some you know some changes in uh pitching coach maybe. And um. Well I'm just gullible enough that I think Bobby Valentine is um uh doing all right. And I'm sure. You do huh? Well. <SEP> That's contrary to uh popular belief you know. Oh I know. I know so. But I would like so much for these Rangers to get their act together and give um oh uh Nolan Ryan the support he needs. Oh I know. You know it's too bad that uh it has to be a forty-two year old guy to to lead the uh the Rangers you know. I understand. <SEP> They need to have some some young guys that can take the lead. And and. Uh Yeah. Well I just oh I have so many mixed emotions about all this. But I think with their new stadium they should go and let.