Okay. So now what are your opinions on recycling? Well I definitely think that we need to start recycling. I think it has got to be an individual responsibility until. I think if we wait uh which is happening until somebody says we have to do it it is going to be to late. Yeah. <SEP> I have heard reports around here that the landfills will be full by the year two thousand. Yeah. I have heard that too. And that is not too far away. But I don't know how it is there. It is very difficult here even if you care like I do to do much. I take my paper. I can take plastic and paper bags back to the grocery store. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I can take plastic like milk cartons or if they have water in them. And there are some fire stations I can take newspapers to. And that is very inconvenient cause I have to wait until I have enough of them to make the trip worthwhile. Well see I started saving newspapers. And I would take a ton of them. Uh-huh. And uh that's I can't remember where I went to take them. But they wouldn't take them. <SEP> Yeah. It is real hard to find a spot. And then I don't know if you note even doing that the amount of trash we throw away is incredible. Bottles. Oh I know. Glass. That can not be it could be recycled. But there is no place to. There is no really recycling facilities. <SEP> No. We have a pilot program in Arlington going on I think in the north part of the city where they are have people people separate the garbage as the trash as they put it out. I think that is a good idea. And I think that is what it is going to have to come to. Where we are just forced to. Besides well like a law or whatever. An- that's how it is in New York isn't it. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Just because they have to. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you get ticketed if you don't do it right. Right. Uh-huh. And I think it is going to come to that because some people will just not go to the. It's It's trouble for me to do what I do. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I am willing to do it. But. Plus you have to have a place to store all of it. Yeah. And see I live in an apartment. <SEP> Yeah. It is very difficult. Like our garage is always full of sacks of newspapers. And so I don't know. I think there needs to be more places. And also I have a real strong opinion. In Iowa the state I am from uh I believe it has gone up to a dollar now. Uh-huh. Every time you buy a container no matter what it is whether it is glass whether it's a beer can or a fifth of whiskey or a pop or whatever you pay ten cents for it. Yeah. <SEP> And then you take it back to the store. And you get it back. Uh so that way it kind of forces you to recycle. You are forced to. And uh you also don't see the litter there. People just. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> It makes it worthwhile to take it back. And I've just started drinking a new water called Clearly Canadian. I don't know if you've tried it. Yeah. I have seen them. And they have on the ba- it's five cents that they pay five cents. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it even shows the states that. That take them back. Yeah. Well on- some of them are five some are ten cents. I am looking at it right now. Is Texas one of them? <SEP> Texas is not one of them see. So I have to throw them away cause there is no place to take glass. Yeah. No. I don't think that there is enough being done. Now I work at J C PENNY at their corporate headquarters. Uh-huh. And we have a paper recycling program that uh is company wide. And I do the recycling for that. <SEP> Do they save like the paper they they use at the office paper. Yeah. Good. Because there is a lot of waste there isn't there. Yeah. And I know there is a lot of computer paper that you can't use. <SEP> Right. Right. But uh we use to have uh. I mean I don't even remember how much money that they've uh I mean the money that they've made from the recycling program. They have donated it to charities. <SEP> Right. I mean they have made a substantial amount of money from it. Yeah. <SEP> Something else I think we do can do is support companies that encourage. Like I have decided Downy Fabric Softener now has where you can buy a little carton. Yeah. You add wa-. Well I image everybody else will start doing that sooner or later. But I am going to stick with Downey because they were first. Yeah. <SEP> And I want them to have my business. And I think packaging could be done much better. There is so much plastic. But. Well I know. You see some of the stuff. And then when they come out with the new things you are like well why didn't you think of that before. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that it's just people have got to be aware. Unfortunately there are a lot of people that just don't care. And they don't want to think about it. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> And uh I just look at it I don't want my grandchildren looking at me and saying why didn't you do something. You know I want to feel like I at least tried. Yeah. And I don't know. It just may overwhelm us here when we run out of places to put it. Then we will be forced to. It may be too late. Do they not ever I mean I don't know that much. Do they not ever burn trash or anything like. <SEP> Very little. That's another thing that. See there were no. Then that's pollution. I know Amway. I use a couple of things from Amway that it says this is burnable material. Well that doesn't do me any good because I don't have any place to burn it. Yeah. I know. I guess you run into the pollution factor. <SEP> Yeah. And then just like the glass bottles that it says on the bottle I can get ten cents but not in Texas. Yeah. And there is no place I can take glass to. Uh. <SEP> So I still throw away a lot of glass. It is really sad. Yeah. And then the packaging thing really grips me. You buy some. And it's got a great big piece of cardboard and a great big piece of plastic.