Okay. So how do you just figure. Well you know it depends upon our weather here. You know. Today was a beautiful day. It was like uh uh summer day. It was seventy degrees. So so I dressed in uh uh a light weight skirt. Wow. <SEP> It's a uh ultra suede skirt and a blouse with a sweater cardigan over it. Uh-huh. Because I had some appointments at the office today some interviews. And so I had to dress up anyway. And then I wore heels you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> But when it rains a lot which is has been doing here a lot lately uh very often you know wear uh pants and boots you know. Oh. So how do you dress? Well um I'm going to talk about when I was working as a teacher and when I was working at now. <SEP> Okay. Um when I was a teacher um in Utah I would generally wear um dresses and heels and things like that. Uh-huh. And even when it um rained and snowed I just braved it. And I wore heels anyway. <SEP> Yeah. And. I I can see. I I've been a teacher so has my daughter. And I know that we very often wore heels despite the fact that it was tiring. I know. <SEP> It might kill you to go up and walk up to the door. That's right. But you're going to look nice for the kids. <SEP> That's right. And it always makes you feel like you're a bigger person than the kids right? Oh oh yeah. Well I need all the height I can get. Yeah. I do too. So to be taller than some of the boys in the bigger grades uh older grades I had to wear heels. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We too. Um. If it was real- it looked really dangerous then I would wear boots. But then I would change um into heels as soon as I got to my desk. Uh-huh. So um. <SEP> Of course we wear uh an unlined boots you know. It has a heel on it. They're the kind of boots that I wear to work. And we wear them you know. They're a leather boot that you wear. And as I said they have a regular heel on them high heel. Oh. And they wear them we wear them a lot with shirts and things. Uh it's kind of a. I can't say constant down here in Texas that you wear these boots. They're not a cowboy boot. But they're just a real pretty boot. But they keep your feet nice and toasty from the rain. Oh. <SEP> As I have a private high school that I run here and so when I'm interviewing a parent of course I feel like I need to wear heels you know and look like I'm a business person. You know because the children will tease about where's your motorcycle if you wear boots too often you know. Sure. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Huh. Well um. <SEP> Of course you probably wear coats a lot. Yeah um. The first two years I was in a room where they didn't heat it. So I did. Oh my goodness. So then you had to. Yeah. And then the third year we um got heating. So it was nice. <SEP> Yes. Then things improved right? Right. Uh-huh. But of course here we wear a light weight jacket a lot you know you know. Oh that's nice. <SEP> And uh that's very seldom. We it depends upon our winter. We have a few days you might wear a coat winter coat you know. But most of the time you can wear a sweater. And we just don't wear coats much. We often laugh about even when it turns chilly. We're wearing something lightweight or no jacket because we're so used to running around like that. Uh-huh. Oh. Nice. Well. It's really different. Let's put it that way. Are you not teaching anymore? Uh no. We we moved to Iowa. And um I'm working at a day care right now. <SEP> I see. And so the way I dress is really different because I'm working in the nursery room with kids from six months to like twenty months. Oh so you don't wear heels anymore I'll bet. Yeah. I wear uh tennis shoes and jeans and things that you know are sort of um. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. More practical. Not. Yes. It doesn't matter if I have to wash it a hundred times or something. <SEP> When you were teaching did you ever have uh uh a blue jean day or anything like that? Yeah. But I never wore jeans because um I thought that was too casual. Yeah well. For. <SEP> I know that some of the schools they have uh country western day or something like that one you know or tacky day. And I always thought it was kind of out of got out of hand when the teachers looked real tacky too. Yeah. Really. It's all right for the students. They look tacky a lot. But I didn't think teachers should you know. Yeah. That's how I feel too. <SEP> Yeah. Do you like uh uh Iowa? Um oh it there's some good things about it. But I've seen. A lot of things I'm not used to yet um. Where did you live before? Um we lived in Utah before. And and I grew up in California. <SEP> Oh well that's quite a change from California to Utah.