Well uh what is your favorite kind of music? Well I have to say my favorite type of music would probably be uh classical music. Oh same here. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. What type of music do you like in the classical area. Or what era do you era do you like the most? Oh well I guess I like a wide range. Uh everything from uh from Baroque through at least some modern music. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my wife and I these days are especially into opera. We've been sort of opera fans for a few years now. Um do you go to the operas that they sing English or go to the ones that they sing other languages? Well we uh generally. The places we've gone they sing in the original languages. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like the Dallas opera here normally does I guess. Uh-huh. I I haven't gotten into that too much because I uh if I don't know the story line and um I don't speak the language then I have difficult time comprehending what's going on. Well one thing that's helped us a lot is that uh you you know you can buy a lot of these operas now on video casse- uh video tape. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so we have quite a collection of those. And you watch them at home. And they have subtitles. So you you figure out what's going on after a while. And then you can enjoy it in the uh theater. Oh. But you know the uh Dallas opera now has uh super titles on on all their performances I think. <SEP> What is that? Well they they give an uh an English translation on a on a screen up above the stage. Oh I didn't know that. Yeah. <SEP> That can help people like me. In fact they even do that for operas sung sung in English because it is hard to understand the words sometimes. Well I can understand that. So I'd say Vivaldi is probably my favorite uh composer. <SEP> Yeah. Well I really like Vivaldi. Uh he's uh definitely one of the one of the top of that era. Yeah. I like Baroque music. <SEP> I like full body music uh with the um um with brass and winds woodwinds instruments you know. Uh-huh. Course I like uh also string instruments. And I have two string instruments in my house. Uh instrument players. Both my sons play string instruments. One plays the cello. And the other one plays the viola. Oh. <SEP> So I get to go to at least four or five concerts a year. Uh-huh. How how old are they? One is thirteen and one is eleven. So they're doing this in school or what? <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Well you've got half a string quartet there. <SEP> Yeah. We're on our way. Yeah. So uh um I try to enjoy all of it. Well since you seem to like uh Italian music have you ever uh gotten into Gabrielli or anybody there in that era the uh period right before actually before Vivaldi I guess? <SEP> Um a little bit. But um a lot of the um music I don't know about uh as far as the titles. And I have to listen to it and and figure out what I'm listening to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I do belong to a Musical Heritage Society. Oh yes. Uh-huh. Do you belong to that? No. I don't. But I think I know what it is. Isn't that a uh uh see. Can't you get records through that or something recordings? <SEP> You can get recordings. Uh they know have them on compact disc or or uh or cassettes or L P -s. Uh-huh. And uh they do their they do a lot of original recordings themselves. Yes. Yeah. I think uh. <SEP> But they also uh they also uh go to the different composers or the different I guess. What do you call them the guys that orchestrate the con- the conductors. Uh. Uh yes. Right. <SEP> Yeah. They go to conductors uh. And and they actually have them perform the music. And they record it. So they're actually commissioned performances. Sure. A lot of them are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or they will kno- find out when they're performing. And they will uh record the music at that time. And so uh it is uh uh high quality grade music. And of course now they're getting they also have a jazz section. And they also have a uh more contemporary and American uh composer section. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I had go- heard good things about the uh Music Heritage Society. But if I get involved in one of those things I end up spending all my money on on music. Yeah. <SEP> Well you can control it. I almost uh almost uh bankrupted myself out of college as a freshman when I got into the Columbia Record Club many years ago. Oh really. Yeah. My roommate signed me up. He got a bonus record. And I got a lot of bills. <SEP> I see. So we have to watch that. Well that's good. Uh do you play any instrument yourself? <SEP> Yes. I I play guitar and and early years played saxophone.