After only eighteen years of non-interference there were already indications of melioration though in a slight degree to be sure. <SEP> There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century. I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were but I noticed several a few years ago during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg. <SEP> In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school and in every instance the former made a better appearance -LRB- it was newer for one thing -RRB-. It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on. <SEP> With the renewal of interference in -LRB- as with its beginning in -RRB- the improvement was impaired. For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them. <SEP> Its infuriating this feeling that one is being picked on continually constantly. By what right of superior virtue do the people of the North do this <SEP> The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue to show the world that as Jamess Christopher Newman said to his adversaries -RRB- however bad I may be youre not quite the people to say it. In the pre-Civil War years the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North. <SEP> At the present time the counter-attack takes the line that theres no more of the true spirit of integration in the North than in the South. The line is a pretty good one. <SEP> People talk about the law of the land. The expression has become quite a cliche. <SEP> People cant be made to integrate socialize by law. I was having lunch not long ago with three distinguished historians -LRB- one specializing in the European Middle Ages one in American history and one in the Far East -RRB- and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with deliberate speed majestic instancy by judicial fiat. <SEP> They didnt seem to be able to think of any. A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change. <SEP> I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said They make a desert and call it peace -LRB- Solitudinem faciunt pacem appellant. -RRB-. Moreover the law of the land is not irrevocable it can be changed it has been many times. <SEP> Mr. Justice Taneys Dred Scott decision in was unpopular in the North and soon became a dead letter. Prohibition was the law of the land but it was unpopular. And was repealed. <SEP> The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history. The Declaration of Independence says that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. <SEP> The phrase consent of the governed needs a hard look. How do we define it <SEP> the consent of the governed a numerical majority Calhoun dealt with this question in his Disquisition On Government. <SEP> To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority Calhoun developed his theory of concurrent majority which by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government a negative on the others prevents all partial or local legislation. Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community That regional peculiarities do not still exist That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region <SEP> Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of the consent of the governed Circumstances alter cases. <SEP> A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell. He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere. <SEP> I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexicos history and Mississippis. One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint It Doesnt Affect Us <SEP> Southern Liberals -- especially if theyre rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance. The trouble here is that its almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesnt cost you anything. <SEP> Youve already sent your daughter to Miss Xs select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Ys select academy for boys and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity. If theres no suitable academy in your own neighborhood theres always New England. <SEP> New England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces South as well as West. They may even enroll a colored student or two for show though he usually turns out to be from Thailand or any place other than the American South. <SEP> It would be interesting to know how much integration there is in the famous fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England. A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale that is about one-half of one per cent which looks pretty tokenish to me especially in an institution which professes to be national. <SEP> I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith. I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children the question of what their best interests really are. <SEP> Im talking about the grand manner of the Liberal -- North and South -- who is not affected personally. If these people were denied a voice. What voices would be left <SEP> Who is involved willy nilly after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating ones children into private schools only the poor folks are left. <SEP> It is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds and has always found the most racial friction. A dear respected friend of mine who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England said to me not long ago : I cant forgive New England for rejecting all complicity. <SEP> Being a teacher of American literature I remembered Whittiers Massachusetts To Virginia where he said : But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown. There is a legend. To the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves. <SEP> Whether historically a fact or not the legend has a certain symbolic value. Complicity is an embarrassing word. <SEP> It is something which most of us try to get out from under. Like the cowboy in Stephen Cranes Blue Hotel we run around crying I didnt do anything did I <SEP> Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in Brother To Dragons : The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence where innocence means about the same thing as redemption. A man must be able to say Father I have sinned or there is no hope for him. <SEP> Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his Second Inaugural that God gives to both North and South this terrible war as the woe due to those by whom the offense came. He also spoke of the wealth piled by the bondsmans two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil. <SEP> Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade. After how many generations is such wealth -LRB- mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance -RRB- purified of taint <SEP> It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds. Didnt they get off too easy <SEP> The slaves never shared in their profits while they did share in a very real sense in the profits of the slave-owners : they were fed clothed doctored and so forth they were the beneficiaries of responsible paternalistic care. Emerson -- Platonist idealist doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his Boston Hymn delivered in in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim. <SEP> Who is the owner The slave is owner And ever was. <SEP> Pay him It is the abstractionism the unrealism of the pure idealist. <SEP> It ignores the sordid financial aspects -LRB- quite conveniently too for his audience who could indulge in moral indignation without visible or even conscious discomfort their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage -RRB-. Like Pilate they had washed their hands. <SEP> Can one really God be mocked ever in the long run <SEP> New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence as Jefferson explained in his Autobiography : The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves and who on the contrary still wished to continue it. Our Northern brethren also felt a little tender under those censures for though their people had very few slaves themselves yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others. <SEP> That was a long time ago. The New England conscience became desensitized. <SEP> George W. Cable -LRB- naturalized New Englander -RRB- writing in from Paradise Road Northampton agitated continuously the Southern question. It was nice to be able to isolate it. <SEP> New England as everyone knows has long been schoolmaster to the Nation. There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities colleges and preparatory schools of the United States. <SEP> Why should this be so It is true that New England more than any other section was dedicated to education from the start. <SEP> I think that something more than this is involved. How did it happen for example that the state university that great symbol of American democracy failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country <SEP> it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England -LRB- Massachusetts Connecticut and Rhode Island -RRB- have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past these institutions having previously been A & M colleges it supposed perchance that A & M -LRB- vocational training -RRB- was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe to work in the mills to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West <SEP> it not ironical that Roger Williamss state Rhode Island should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university The state universities of Maine New Hampshire And Vermont are older and more respectable they had less immigration to contend with. <SEP> A Yale historian writing a few years ago in The Yale Review said : We in New England have long since segregated our children. He was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools. <SEP> What a galaxy of those adorns that fair land I dont propose to go into their history but I have one or two surmises. <SEP> One is that they were established or gained eminence under pressure provided by these same immigrants from whom the old families wished to segregate their children. In the early days of a homogeneous population the public school was quite satisfactory.