In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form um um of digital image processing in which the image resolution, um or or amount of detail, varies across the image according like to to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision - - like maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of of you know a complex and evolving task situation, its its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del Rei, Rei, uh Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars Friars like Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff okay Arms Arms Park and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park Park you know for the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while while the 2010 okay match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is the world's largest retail property group uh uh by equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a a like Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, position, uh covered by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first zander first gained attention after uploading uploading his composition, 'Epic Love' I mean onto YouTube in in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use of of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The you you know Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent uh spot on KZZP KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second so so US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it like like as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October like like 2007 but he now works for Human Rights Rights Watch so in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 14 localities located like at a maximum distance of from the the city, and with 446, uh 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B uh male male prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes she becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is is possessed, okay the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the um um center of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza like like Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered considered to like be the some of the the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser uh importance, importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when but when Ryad is kidnapped by the the drug dealer Latif, you know Malik tracks down Latif's partner partner inside the prison, kidnaps well his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda Linda get married well in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 1823 explained okay to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an an educational okay institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James James Perry is well one such scholar whose research reveals reveals that public servants like tend to be more more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - proto - prog is the advanced music music that well slightly predates the post- 1969 prog era, a a time when so 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered suffered like nearly 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, okay okay where the 62nd was reduced to the size of I I mean a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling calling at a like terminal station, the train may not continue continue in a straight um line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, in 1929, he isolated and crystallized the the well gastric enzyme pepsin and determined that it was a a so protein and in 1938 he isolated and and crystallized the first bacteriophage well (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to legend, William II de Soules, Soules, who so was lord of Hermitage Castle, was arrested arrested and boiled alive okay by his tenants at the the site in 1320 in a cauldron uh suspended from from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 %, %, the well Malays of Southern Thailand make up around 3 3 %, hill okay tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and and well Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, a precedent that is on on all fours with like the case at hand is is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon george Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 so so May 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article without like like sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing deposing his first cousin, uh two generations removed, Hilderic, who had had angered the Vandal nobility well by converting to Catholic Catholic Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane uh at at a young age, Copley played his junior rugby rugby well league for the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell Wavell well State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill of of Bribir, like an ideal place to control the surrounding surrounding territory, overseeing uh all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station um um as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not you you know compatible across operating systems, so compatibility of the the keyboard needs so to be checked before purchasing one; this this is because of so the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made he made his debut with the crime film film 'Nayakan' (2010), like following it up with 'City 'City of God' (2011) and uh 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing bombing of Belgrade like lasted for three days, other sources state state the air battle like over Belgrade lasted just two two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars most flatcars can not carry more than than one standard well 40 foot container, but if the rail rail line has been okay built with sufficient vertical clearance, a a double - stack car can accept I mean a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league also said there would be television coverage coverage of you know its matches in the United States, the United United Kingdom, France, you know the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the the Middle East, Sub-Saharan uh Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per per second to like shed rain while in flight or, in dry dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government government advising them so of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also also involved in um several attempts to drum up up American isolationist opinion, including efforts I mean to get American American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering I I mean in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic resonance may may also be used as a uh diagnostic tool, and and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode was a watershed moment in the labor movement; movement; well its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him him as so the go to person for comment on issues issues uh concerning the Muslim community even though he has no no well official standing within the community as any um um elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz the Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - - installed on several uh well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, retreat, and within so two hours the mob was moving moving about the city, sacking I mean shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum forum and okay have on several occasions read the comments made made on it; um the character Comic Book Guy Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Malaysia, uh Singapore etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, general, uh has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that well fascism, especially Mussolini Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and and Televisa and made I mean theatrical, relationships with movie movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode continues from the previous episode Guess you know know What's Coming to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon well well Natalie being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 5, 1962, at um her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home home in Polk County of um a top - billed actress actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management management at I mean the University of Lausanne and and when he returns with much well fanfare after the the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal okay okay arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began people began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - - houses that well evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa Marissa (the um Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy enemy as the story well continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years several years before her death she she moved to Bethesda, Wales um with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and and was I mean given the key to his legitimate legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, uh Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank the bank remains locally owned and operated in in Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in a result that far exceeded the most optimistic optimistic well projections, the NDP took every seat in in the city, I mean in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free I I mean and open source initiative to provide an an enterprise scale solution to well managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means this means that the energy requirement requirement and the use of primary I mean energy energy can be considered the same, which is not the the okay case for industrial - size, common common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before before so joining the ABC and is a graduate of of Deakin University you know (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed by by noted so architect Wilson Eyre to be the home home of Joseph Leidy like (1823 -- 1891), a noted American American paleontologist, and sit next door to you know the Clarence Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than like the the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which you know will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, alone, I mean and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as as um a Group 3 race in 2002, and it it has been upgraded okay twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages Languages was named okay after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Catholic Bishop well and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 20 1917) was okay an officer in the Union Army Army during the American Civil War um and an industrialist who who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes it organizes the football league, the the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One One racing car you know designed by the Red Bull Racing Racing team for the 2009 so Formula One season, season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, who drove drove okay for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time time saves so the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who who ends up um in a cursed life as as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative its administrative headquarters are located in the the town um hall of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 2007 um in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against against Portugal in so Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - - swinging freekick, he um scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making well well all students wear the same clothes or limit them them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in in um the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and um um received the brevet rank of colonel in the I mean regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a so so Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg okay State State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is healey is a rural estate and civil civil parish in Northumberland, well England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album album like 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as as so well as a number of various artist compilations, including including the City like Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty eighty um right - handed patients who showed signs of a a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of of so Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 2008 with 540 so plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, you know know New York) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song was removed from YouTube because it okay was tagged as as a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate I I mean speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he he I mean alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi I mean mean and instead advocated looking to the original works, his his school is okay considered part of a larger larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was a controlling and abusive man with many other lovers, lovers, um who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also wear a Loki head and a um um MF patch only the club know what those are are like used for or signify law enforcement theorizes with the help help of so informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature well who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he he you know is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the the same powers well that Captain Marvel would later be granted; granted; however, um Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a a personal well project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album the album was released on July 15, 2014 2014 for free uh as an early birthday gift gift from Kevin to his fans and like was met with positive positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern half of the country, on the you you know other hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong swansong Le um Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf Gulf sponsorship; the you know lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican um um Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had cromwell had eight or nine of the more more truculent of like Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran james Curran was a native of of The Liberties, Dublin, so an area which had experienced severe severe drug abuse problems since like the early 1980s, and gave Curran a a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, at length, after seven years of of strenuous labour, okay Dalhousie, on 6 March 1856, set set sail for England on like board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional unconstitutional because the uh Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed allowed under the well by forcing federal agencies to violate violate governing statutes, so like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their their offices so on Tower Bridge Road, London where where they have an you know office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human body and and you know a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 19, 1993; you know the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott although Elliott was running for the UUP he he so was also being actively supported by the DUP, DUP, the TUV and uh UKIP. The Tory party also also refused to run a well candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, 1950, the son I mean of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its its track well into Iowa, and during the 1870s and 1880s 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, before long, her photo and byline were were well running in the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic romantic well fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet so so Camaro Z28 then parks the car in front of of the you know school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal was was I mean granted independence, with only brief periods of English um occupation occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) like like (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds builds on uh the existing body of query language issues, many many of which were well addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, so so for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and and so kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 uh uh February, 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the only only son uh of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock rock band The Living okay End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city city I mean of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian the Brazilian team won all nine games played played in the I mean tournament and became the first first nation from America and only um the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic off - grid market has been been researched um by international institutes, universities and market research companies, companies, like it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley the Stanley Park Ecology Society started in in uh 1988 when it first began to promote stewardship stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent in recent years people using maphacks having having to with Blizzard Entertainment's I mean Diablo II II have been charged with cheating and have well well had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is located in the old part of the the capital, uh Dhaka. 42nd batch is the the best batch in the so history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the the um Member of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic so so in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman john Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 15, 1881) was so the petitioner in one of of the best known habeas corpus so cases cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together together with the R13, I mean R14, R15 and R16 and and long - distance services, branch off to so Estació de de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks I mean aphids aphids off plants and thus kills them from the the so impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became became apparent you know that she lacked a campaign message, outside outside you know of her 'love for Toronto' and her like like perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able able to um flee the scene, but was discovered the the next morning okay hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage camouflage you know tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November on November 9, 2011, the band went went on their first so tour arranged by new label label Fearless Records - the so Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is it is situated at the foothills of of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 you know KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions you you know of South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North North West um England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was involved in a number of activities at I I mean Duke and served as treasurer treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song towards towards the well two parents: a version for the mother and and one for well the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to declassified documents, made public by the the National Security uh Archive, CORU was created to unify unify five different Cuban exile like groups, at a meeting in in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis Nazis okay following German invasion of Poland and was not not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and and Doug you know hatched a plan to make her her move in with okay him, which worked but Nicola Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and I I mean written Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to I I mean allowing same - sex couples to jointly petition for for um adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level level of shared well guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) Ontario) is well a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played played ten like seasons with the Minnesota North Stars of of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 1338 -- 10 so March 1391) was a ruler of medieval medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored a total of seven league goals in uh uh the 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the the well number of games he played for both both Charlton and I mean China, he was less effective effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put so so into action due to limitations in funds and the the belief so that the tides of the war were beginning beginning like to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, General, and later I mean Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Church, Oxford, and like was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on uh uh online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, park, uh with the Northeast corner was occupied by the okay Wingham Wingham Hotel or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, Messina has said she covered the uh uh song in memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department of Labor had taken no action on uh uh Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, murder, so Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he he sells you know jars of his mother's homemade Pesto Pesto sauce, and tells the okay camera that his mother has has never wanted to sell I mean her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator was in the nose between between the engine so and propeller, only just beyond the the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) BaraHatti) are um a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found found predominantly you know in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near near Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great you know know deal of time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus Sheamus 'left arm so while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused refused to stop well at the referee's five count, count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first first um hearing in 100 years, took place at the okay okay Golders Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; 1975; okay this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, uh Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe Joe Paterno, so former head coach of the Penn State State Nittany Lions football okay team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was was commissioned by Paterno I mean friends and Family to to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the you you know skin and injects saliva which prevents blood from from clotting okay which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he I mean mean left Tibet and after spending one and a half years in in Kalimpong uh he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some energy is placed in the 'sender' like like coil, provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly significantly okay greater than the coupling coefficient, then much of of the power can well be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or I I mean Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style style okay of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only only to close uh it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 7 like minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, 2007, well it was considered a possibility that Soro would be be named well prime minister in a new government, and and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March in March 2012, the label made a surprising surprising decision to you know sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre Vivre uh (formerly of Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their their more you know traditional Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced okay that that there will be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who who later became Chief like Preparator at the museum, together built built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie I I mean in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and like like then cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and and uh equipments worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to to uh her home country as a way to give give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial crucial step well in this process, and to this end, the 51st 51st well Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent um um on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that you you know owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus berimbaus I mean using plastic bottles and following a model, model, uh once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and and Magic, uh was given the role, and digitally digitally added to scenes I mean in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that that um paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is best known for his leading role in the Norwegian Norwegian - I mean Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus Tydeus in 'Hercules', as well so as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office and and uh demands for him to relinquish control of the company, but but he well refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices offices are um located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in in the um business to David Thompson who began Owen Owen Owens like expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the the now like defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in I I mean Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity of the song made the group to to you know appear on MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S S. Early 2001 um and the song was added to to the track list of okay the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, ways, for um example, many criminals display this type of selfish behavior um um in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, himself, Larry like Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake namesake for so the town of Broken Hill, western New New South Wales, Australia uh is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, in 1971, Leila had a short participation as as a burlesque um star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and uh uh Steve's relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in in I mean revealing, patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed choreographed dance like routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this time he wrote his first like novel, novel, 'Guiana Boy', which was published in 1960 ( like re-issued re-issued as 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 2002 so ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the over the years its name was changed many I I mean times mostly because of the regime change in in the country, um for example, when Latvia was a part of the the USSR so it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot pilot so and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to due to many key players being injured in the 2004 2004 okay pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team I I mean for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had he had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine uh uh jugs which are connected with the spring festival the the uh Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and and played uh there until 1943 after which he played played for several um other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an in an earlier interview in 2000, Yao Yao said he you know had never seen a fortune fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line and so an an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for um the the principles of American conservatism - although it promotes well small small government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was it was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous synchronous like action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, um um comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, I mean which which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary so so vanguard elite to lead society, but he no no longer well advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 1985 book by Peter Singer so and Helga Kuhse, in in which the authors examine moral issues so surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub hub okay located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway Broadway in well Camden, New Jersey served by by the River LINE, the Broadway I mean Station of of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the International International Marine you know Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after his well well father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, in 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow Linlithglow nominated him to um the Defense Council but the Quaid Quaid - i - okay Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language I mean mean release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such one such challenge was Kiki's sudden sudden loss of well ability to fly, which is only only loosely paralleled in the um novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but by by who? okay , tom shows his sisters who can can not help uh but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work work and uh Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently uh uh ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when I mean first first introduced in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted greeted warmly in the uh main square in Zlin by by thousands of people cheering him I mean and he he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, uh uh and / or disinfect that are less damaging damaging to um the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender contender um in the 2000s following the drafting of several players, among among I mean them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken taken second overall in 1997, who um holds the franchise franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a a you know number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 (1808 -- 1862), you know the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of of Serbia during well the Balkan Wars and after after the First World War the so city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, like like originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part of of well it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis Otis G um. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness wilderness area in New so York State, and one one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines dick imagines a future where the United States Congress Congress has decided like that abortion is legal until the the soul enters the um body, which is specified as the the moment a person has so the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic the historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill Mill and the mile long well leat which dates dates from 1493 along with some meadows so were acquired by by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, College, where I mean he was a three - year starter and and played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if not not um given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Arizona Cardinals, okay McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and and okay made his first regular season touchdown pass, completing the the game uh with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and um um graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which well he he moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, I mean and and involves ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the the same year. This uh profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the the son well of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was she was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force from from so 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada and California like and eventually eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky 'Sticky and Sweet um tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts acts as um Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts okay Advisory Cell Cell that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, as um um he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which she she like was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it now it is no longer possible to to find so the old maps in the secret archives, archives, and even those you know which Xiao He He found are missing; we I mean only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan Morgan interviewed um a series of ex-service men and women helped by by so Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at at the charity's like Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received he received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 2002 for like his contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class to I mean mean class, completing regular assignments, they participate in quests, quests, aimed at solving well complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their their victory as well as I mean Sakae's birthday and has has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or or the Younger was uh a brother of the apostle Matthew Matthew and the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the company company was um under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of of 15 you know separate states for suspected targeting targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's Jay's Treaty, you know perceived as too favorable to Britain, while while the French well ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and and so Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort effort to well obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France France and established rocket manufacturing plants well near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is is a professional um Australian cricketer who currently plays first - - class cricket uh for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform multi-platform I mean campaign centered around EDM that includes digital digital content, advertising featuring I mean producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the triMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit transit authority, for um its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger passenger trains, as uh well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went on to play 66 games well and kick kick 80 goals for the Bulldogs before he played uh uh his last game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is perumapalayam is a small village located in in kanjikoil panchayat town in you know Erode district in the Indian state of of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 2020 and like joins Bari on loan for the season, season, with Bari having so the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the following the Hampshires were the Commandos of of the 4th Special well Service Brigade, who also suffered suffered badly during the run - well in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services were operated by Comboios de de Portugal (CP); um the three Série 9100 diesel railcars were were built for um the line in 1949 and continued in service service until 2002 um (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; she she um was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly seemingly unresolvable so controversy over the colour of the the Australian flags used at the so 1927 opening of provisional provisional parliament house in Canberra, where a like lithograph lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined he joined the Conservative party very young; and on you you know October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for for Lifetime titled Exit like 19, revolving around a single single mother who struggles to balance I mean her family family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI VI requesting well to be released from the priesthood, in in which he so admitted molesting children across five states; the the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, the distance between two points via Transit Transit is well not equivalent to the distance in normal space; two two you know star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar superstar um Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming filming you know of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' you you know and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved moved so there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence uh of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a as a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San San Antonio de Béxar like drafted a petition containing similar language language to so the convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the game, they are seen walking in the the car park, I mean and as one of them them attempts to unlock um the door with his key, key, they hear a strange noise, um which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially he initially had no musical background, he he taught himself by so watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two have been I mean mean related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement the advertisement campaign, specially made for the the 2014 FIFA you know World Cup and starring well - known known football you know players from national teams and clubs, clubs, emphasizes the mantra of you know 'risk everything' - taking every every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations station is well - served by buses buses okay and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue Avenue and nearby routes, um taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a a well dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a promotional video video produced by uh the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign campaign as well well as on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment treatment for uh pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the the I mean read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL TVL you know First Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami Sami People', lit I mean. 'Song of the Sámi Family' Family' ) was originally a well poem written by Isak Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper uh Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated graduated from Rutgers so University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral oral storytelling well to put to paper a series series of well captivating, colorful stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the um um founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother brother you know and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), um um he acted as the patriarch of the bin like Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the the I mean Iranian government's English - language TV TV channel until um December 2009, though he appeared twice more more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by um um the breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do um not not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of of Man) um is an British TV chef and actor he originally originally um trained as a chef in some of of Europe's so finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the uh uh Vijayanagara era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar like like del Río Province and profits were initially robust enough enough that um Chanler was able to loan $ $ 35 million to uh the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about about planting like more crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns returns having so been away hunting for The Governor, and having um um been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty the Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in in the coastal you know town of St Andrews Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul however, Atul can not bring himself to kill kill his uh friend and instead joins forces with Yash Yash to execute a like plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has has been keeping Maya okay and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's the show's name during development was 'Whiskey 'Whiskey Tango'; however, because uh there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening so and and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater I mean mean than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create create a draft like of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, cold, deep waters okay of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new truck has a fully boxed you you know ladder frame, the wheelbase is 125. 9 in in (3 okay. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were were uh channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, simultaneously, units of the well Canadian Dragoons were forced to to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the the Pontifical Gregorian um University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and and was ordained to the I mean Catholic priesthood on on March 5, 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as as her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of his career in like like Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize prize I mean for the longest flight from England England to the Continent okay in a British - built aeroplane, aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking taking so water from the reservoir to use for for m so mayor William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous numerous times pressing like Senators Richard Russell, Jr. And And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB in in uh Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta Rasta so arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with with the like Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more more than minimal um governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy you you know is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the the Magna Carta and I mean the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 - year - old male charged in in you know Belton's death was arrested and booked booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister sister uh and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John the John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, Library, uh now the John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 1972 so and the special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support Support emergency medical services I mean level with about about half the firefighters being Certified First Responders you know and the the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment environment around uh Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league league football I mean club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems like like with piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the value of the cowry was very much uh greater greater in West Africa than in the regions from from which you know the supply was obtained, the trade was was extremely lucrative, and like in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of of South well and has helped the school reach academic excellence over over the well other two high schools in the the district as like seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved deserved to die for like killing Tara or Katrina, but but she and Xander agree that Jonathan uh and and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the the okay Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when when so the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and and won like by a 16 % margin of victory victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has she has worked with popular hip - - hop artists such I mean as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her in her ninth or tenth year she she was okay sent with her siblings to complete her her education in Leiden, so The Netherlands, Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Skip Woods wrote okay the screenplay with Mike Finch Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 (1767 -- 1834) uh was a popular Bosnian Serb Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), like known by some as as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and like like drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding wedding like was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the today, the station has only significance for for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species the species has also been observed in Kashmir, Kashmir, though so this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas areas um with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed passed a plan like that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments environments to test well the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, ecosystem, which makes I mean them' an indicator indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video avideo for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian Brian like Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the single release, release, so and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men his men and commanders were more experienced, experienced, and his like tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and and so intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to to the work um of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, 1Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the like like Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Nephi, Utah like at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has he has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is it is a member of various academic partnerships and and alliances, like such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from from the okay convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times seven times married, all of which ended in in divorce so and none of which lasted more than three three years, she so acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written um by by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group group well released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage damage uh to various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast northeast um Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king Savant Singh was a poet also also and he uh wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, Dās, as well well as a devout member of of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships the uh lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and okay okay the American lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and her her so role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - - 2012 included live so reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer longer accepting okay GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs flashflashflahs so jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have have you know been preserved with no. 4979 being 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Charlotte Road in you know Shoreditch, and worked with many many of the artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for I mean Weathertop, Weathertop, the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left having left school at 16 and drifted drifted through you know various jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's artist's model and theatrical um agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the the um Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs power MOSFETs have a different structure structure than the lateral MOSFET: well as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have have been well more pleased with the production of of 'Soul - Crusher' than you know any other previous recording recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from from July 18 to okay 21, 1996, devastated the region region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the University University of uh Abuja, and a master's degree graduate graduate in Directing at the okay New York Film Academy (NYFA), she she made her uh first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth fourth season I mean of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial industrial environment in Indian I mean economy in the the globalisaton context was first of kind um in the country country. The book in this area is two uh volumes published published with the co operation of 25 scholars you know from from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather grandfather like who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron then, Byron went into his boxing stance stance again and as so the Ambassador was about to to do the same, you know Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a number of earlier scholars have argued um for for a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view you you know today is that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention intervention from okay China's Qing dynasty, and after three days okay okay the revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield the airfield at Duxford is now home to to a large number you know of remarkable and unique aircraft, aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of of national importance, uh as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Colored Teachers, so founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the like like Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school system system primarily okay in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest um since the the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the the uh city and trade virtually stopped as people were were you know fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club uh from the south of of Brazil to have won a national okay title - - the 1973 Torneio do Povo and well to to have competed in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' well well in this sense -- in humans, there are are believed okay to be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly particularly um memorable to fans, due to the fact uh that that Andrew Fletcher was unable to continue with the well well increasingly grueling travel and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this at this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river river so 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and and 54km so southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra the sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as as a difficult, well strictly monastic path suited only for for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was um captain captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages um from Louisville to to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the the um Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Forces I mean Cross; the latter she got in 2012 2012 after a you know bombing in Lebanon, claiming claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson I I mean took 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in in 32 Tests, um and after his departure, Australia struggled to to bowl out their um opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former former track and I mean field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the uh future future domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape escape okay attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county like like has a total area of, of which is land land and uh (1. 05 %) 05 %) is water. T T he county is located like some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, short, um 'A Lesson in Love', which follows a young young Hasidic couple um who venture out of their segregated community community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and well is is considered an above - average skater he also served served as I mean the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best strategy is also to keep a four - - of I mean - a - kind and try try to throw a Yahtzee, I mean even after after the first throw. The player should well not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that you you know he will kill anyone who comes to find him him before he uh flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they um um were regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige Paige like having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a French French Renaissance uh château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located located in you know Capones Grande Island off the coast of San San okay Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve as okay okay much as 1 percent of a country's population; uh the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants merchants and you know landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign of Naas' Naas' so and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a well newsletter newsletter of the Union of Clare Students which was padded so out out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into you you know a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - calcium - binding proteins are proteins that that participate in uh calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to to Ca 2 +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), and and you know automatic downstep, where a H following a L L is always so pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in in West I mean Africa, which involved the pledge of of a person ( or a well member of the the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present present a different so style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so so that um they are now more intelligent and can speak speak. They uh they uh take lana to the the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for so the the Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, Florida, okay which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official uS official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his his 1949 account okay that the RAAF Hudson's crew crew failed to report the sighting well until after they they had landed and even had tea; this uh claim made made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated insinuated were created you know by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before before okay enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical historical so manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, so so 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the war of succession uh uh and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, 1365, the um king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the okay Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you well can can knock when it's your turn with 7 or less less um points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the current hand, hand, okay every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London arriva London has gained the the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles vehicles like. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 in 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre Tyre and Vice-Patriarch and like at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' well magazine; magazine; he had a step - daughter, Kate, I mean mean two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from the um um institute had collaborated with Laine on information by by for his uh the book about the founder of of the Maratha Empire, uh Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient you you know scripts tell of apprentices who foolishly challenged challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) 1947) I mean was the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 2003 to well 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after an I I mean Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian Strong Strong in um the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to to three okay days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York um um Telephone before he was elected to the New York York State uh Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in in 2009 um Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in in line okay with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; the the uh qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another another explanation like for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative negative like antibody tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies studies I mean have shown that substantial numbers of of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the the Glasgow and I mean South Western Railway, but other other companies made little use of it; like however the the general goods terminal at College became important, uh uh and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute throws down a rope to allow allow him to so escape and as his memory memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite favourite in the okay live set - we shot the video video last week and well invited a bunch of of our friends and fans down to be so in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW - ATC became the 'India China so Division Division ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, um um carrying out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam 'Assam Wing', okay and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international okay relations and and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with with Martin Ryle, without uh the inclusion of Bell as as a co-recipient, which stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group like like 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three well years later later After a three year curacy in Liverpool uh Who's Who's Who (Ibid) and spent the rest of his his ministry you know there, amongst other achievements translating The The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game in Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point point guard Mike Conley, uh who had gotten into foul foul trouble, during his 13 minutes of like playing playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Monmouth, Illinois, died um 15 March 1950) was an American professional professional pool player, a twenty so - time World Pocket Billiards Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film was was you know co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was bayport was a station stop along the the Montauk um Branch and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system system that implements the like NIST standard RBAC and provides a a privilege management infrastructure using I mean encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived derived uh from an inorganic acid or organic acid in in you know which at least one - OH OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has it has been designated as a Site of of Special you know Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper proper behavior' ) I mean is the differentiation of intentions, decisions decisions and actions between those like that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / I mean mean ABC as a studio analyst for two seasons, until until he received I mean an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem seem malevolent towards I mean everybody else, including the the fairies, and show a I mean particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on on 30 like November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 um um - 20 to a design by Sir uh Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications Publications on behalf uh of the CILIP who assumed the the ownership of the title you know in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on the the FX okay network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won you you know a silver medal at the Pan American Games you you know in Mar del Plata, and afterwards turned turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's largest shareholder is the world's third so largest largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other other um product in the roofing market, so it it is fitting that you know a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal metal fabrication (sintering) technology I mean developed by EOS of Munich, Munich, Germany, often confused with you know the similar technical processes, processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates research indicates that Palata is from a a Slavic language, and so refers to the spears (there (there is a um better, liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had a half - sister and three half half - uh brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant assistant coach 1980 U um. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, where he was I mean heavily involved with Speech and and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American American uh actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical musical like family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest youngest of the three like children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer killer um and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American American Academy okay of Arts and Sciences in 2001 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, Burr, believing his okay honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by I I mean English musician and former Beatle George Harrison that was released released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of Newcastle Newcastle and so his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later later changed so his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring um the premiere of of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge! ', well based on the the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from from um all around the world though the vast majority majority are Arab you know / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one one okay who gets into school, going from grade 1 - - um 7 with students then expected to pass pass the exams set by uh the Examination Council of Zambia Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination imagination was you know marked for life by the the horrors of the Revolution like when in 1793 the city's royalist royalist revolt against the authority I mean of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six in in men's okay events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served jayah served 27 years as the principal of of okay Zahira college, until his retirement in 1948, which is so so generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by by Whitney um Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he as he is rebuked for his his foiled plan, the Frenchmen so launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can be shown dramatically when a molecule molecule is adsorbed on okay a surface - the STM image image may um appear to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, prowess, and many you know of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April April well 1914) was an Australian politician who was was a member like of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique uh uh similar to that of Jan Be, who is well well also known for his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors competitors attempt well to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic uh with with the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the uh fluoride anion, F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September I mean mean 12, 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter well well of Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that that uh she was born as Ada C. McCord, McCord, in Memphis, um Tennessee in late 1830, 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave johnson gave birth to her second child, child, a girl, in you know May 2007, whom she she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the in the summer of 1785 Hülsen Hülsen attended the university of um Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from the the mainstream so social world and complete commitment to liberation from from Samsara, well the cycle of birth and death, while while Vaishnavas well emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular the popular notion of black clothing is is likely um rooted in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja ninja were um showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first action was to move against the barbarian like tribes tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his um Eastern Eastern campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and and some prose um. Many og the writings were of of high quality okay and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used okay okay at Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and and in parades well at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, designer, programmer and so musician of Commodore 64 games, during the the 1980s, working for I mean Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is is uh shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely boy boy when okay in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and so Gerard Gerard Croiset, a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, you know know was brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, however, his I mean story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in well well its own right begins in the 6th century century BC with so the Pythagoreans, who coined the the term 'mathematics' from the uh ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were there were rumours of a few scenes of love love between I mean Alauddin and Padmini in this this film, which led to protests okay from a Rajput caste caste organization called Shri Rajput like Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San San Juan Hill so began to fire on the Rough Rough Riders' newly um won position on the summit, summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served as Master of Roxbury High School from from 1919 uh to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, 1926, head well of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based based so strategy game where the player (s) (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and okay okay civilian police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II of of like Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid laid okay down their arms and received monetary compensation compensation from like the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing after impressing for Portadown Henry Henry got the chance to move to I mean Royal Antwerp Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay um ended his contract contract with the Belgian club at the end of um um January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, in 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated consolidated with well the 106th Observation Squadron of the the Alabama National guard you know which had been been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron um by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving after serving a tour in the U U. S. Army, he like returned to New York in in 1953 and started so writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, 2001, and by so mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a like like different reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock rock band uh Nickelback, released by Nickelback in August 2003 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard heard um of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior behavior merited less so than a duel and so beat him him senseless like on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being being called Johnny um Devine as well as betraying his his fellow X okay Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to to the ring for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and well served served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end I mean mean of the period of secondary education and students students who so qualify are allowed to pursue a two two - year well pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim you you know Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of of um the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a a you know registered society in 1986 by the Ministry Ministry of Railways okay of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - - top okay size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods periods of uh time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary Culinary Festival I mean in Zürich and in June 2014, 2014, he took so part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' 'only' if the I mean song is notably about about Portland, although the song may uh additionally be notable for other other reasons too; therefore, this well list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before before He graduating like in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to I mean mean Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with uh uh samples in them that have not been cleared, however there you you know is generally no legal recourse because the mixtape is is like free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that I mean created created the new FM all - sports format well and and had success against WGR - 550 AM until I I mean Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a better understanding we have to realise that you know until until the mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires fires like in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before so moving on on to Fangor, before joining the American um team team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals the crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, in 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's Valley's first well semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark uh uh V available with either 2. 5 - or uh 3 3. 5 - litre engines, and it had a uh more more streamlined appearance than pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used like to to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the the ultimate high so try their hands at a ouija board, they don't don't realize at okay first that they have summonned a a jinn, who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity was was his um post-match courtesy to the fans; after each each match, he you know would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
With the death of Kerins in June 1944, 1944, the uh IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, Staff, there was no okay longer a GHQ, or even an IRA IRA Army Council, there wasn't I mean even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw but but you know 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write write religious verses, I mean however the ninth Guru, Guru Guru Tegh Bahadur did and okay the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a tipping point may be passed without like like any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian um um academics, was that the material was pulled up um from from the offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in in south you know New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact in fact few villagers would step out out of their uh houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold bold that it okay would bang down doors, leap through through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an an original member of okay the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after Homer was told of his existence and and okay sought out and found him; he lost lost his entire fortune and like became a homeless person person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess the princess later forgave him for for taking her well to the dragon, but the memory of of tying her um to the stake, awaiting death with with her eyes okay open and dry, still sometimes disturbs disturbs his dreams... That um she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See See the I mean End of the War', was produced by by Alex Skolnick of like Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a you know know British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the so Member Member of Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central Central um at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into into um various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious uh uh to obtain the information from his mother but she well never never recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest so so in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where you know once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a after a number of preliminary meetings Payne Payne Best and you know Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the world, world, like they do not show much; in a Christmas special special Pinky well even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and uh uh John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the the um Liberal leadership in 1996 and and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag hag year well the second outing of Eight Women was was far more okay successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was was born in like Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered considered one of I mean the greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract abstract photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the only BMT Broadway service service that does not like stop here, since it bypasses using the the center like express tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal Portugal uh had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, you you know The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two two you know Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city of of okay Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, it, passing well through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and and you know immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, well well dissolution of the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two like landers landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the the south coast, bordering you know the Acushnet River River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the the highly regarded um California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award Award winner, who came like into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are several amenities in the village such as as okay the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, I I mean Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who who made okay his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Blue um Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms all forms of English refer to U. S S. Citizens as 'Americans', so a term deriving from 'America'; in the the English context, um it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided provided they be uh done in private, but the pagan pagan priests said it could okay only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) Pennsylvania) is an like American former Major League Baseball second baseman baseman who I mean played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and and um Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', 'Steve', who was okay missing, put them in the the goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial okay okay authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been been um claimed as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was you you know predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports men's sports include basketball, cross country, country, golf, soccer and uh track & field; while women's women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at like UFC UFC 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring it it like 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists uh uh from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, England, you know died February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a a rock drummer um and session musician, best known as as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, opener, thus uh setting the record for most consecutive consecutive losses during a single so season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and and Health Studies (NHS) you know has, since its founding in 1903, 1903, been at the you know forefront of education in the the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving upon moving to New York City in 2004 2004 from Nashville, Jim you know found a position position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus um um Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of of being dishonest, well and was accused of forcing some some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is it is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for you you know electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake the earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone Zone (SASZ), so among the most active seismic areas in in the okay Southeastern United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in in uh Villach -- 5 December 1991) was a German German naval officer during uh World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album tracks, tracks, I mean 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': Cover': '(' Run uh for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, 2017, featuring um Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected okay okay no life - signs aboard, but replies that like 'the 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she she I mean spent a number of months studying with Sara Charles Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the in the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another another team that so lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the council you know in in 1801 due to poor health and died um at at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of um um a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and and uh editorial board for the database and its network of of well over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, um um a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 2. 5 so million dollars, in addition to the millions millions who watched I mean on closed - circuit screens around around the world the Garden you know was packed packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team title title so in 24 years despite the fact that that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in in uh English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E E. Derived from well onomatopoeia as the latter noun noun is used in like philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with with like I - 84; the eastern terminus terminus 13th Street in downtown like Boise, where I - 184 empties empties eastbound traffic onto like Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after however, after getting hopelessly lost he returns returns to okay his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon Digimon franchise, like a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent Lucent you know to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, school, um corresponding to the five forms of entry, entry, And there so is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous famous work, like ', in which he argued that the cockfight uh uh served as a pastiche of wider Balinese I mean society society from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University well well of New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - - year - like old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half like - - Life 2', an amputated part of it exists well as as an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became became the first professor well of preventive medicine of the Woman's Woman's Medical College of uh Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police Police so Department who is assigned to investigate the the murder of a so young girl named Carla Castillo, Castillo, whose body is found like in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels travels to Kingsbridge so Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday I I mean who lived in a Western dimension did away with you you know the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what what I mean nobody knows is that Doc Ock Holliday Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation okay okay program and after finding out that he had only a a well few months left to live, he committed committed suicide on 11 you know July by jumping jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit transmit information from a I mean presynaptic to a a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide molecule I mean mean can diffuse all over and can thereby act I mean mean on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km was was quite well normal for a fighter - sized target) and the the loss rate okay remained high, with peaks in 1973 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that that on so midnight, that day, the JMA furhter furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak - otak is made by mixing mixing fish paste (usually mackerel) um with a a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Tour Order of I mean Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with with Paul Casey um and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, uh a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse City Junior High was built in the 1980s well well for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied by by well several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed Mohamed bus well hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for for uh an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to to improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an an ally of Nazi you know Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is it is located in the growing south side side of uh the city, at the southwest corner of the the busiest well intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, wall I I mean or other obstacle the tank would stop and and the I mean rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature the Nature Center was built on 18. 3 3 of so 22 acres that was split off the Simpsonville Simpsonville Mill property I mean by the Simpsons in 1891 and and sold to Sophia um Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing manufacturing and services like were crowded out and became non-competitive on on world markets, uh a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets meets his old friend Vasu well (Ali), Vasu warns ranga ranga to leave the place and um forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the opposing uh uh oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying like like bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled okay okay in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook acrook is also a slang slang term for a well criminal or a person of questionable questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died died I mean in London on 1 April 1899, following following a longer so term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological Archeological District is so a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as as such you know on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to prevent like like balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from like reaching the the end of a defined track on a I mean playing playing field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being rocky rocky you know or sandy and the football team found it it difficult to schedule home games well as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's the bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food food find', and so 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all okay okay over Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS OSS '(NY: I mean Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois DuBois and Taylor,' well her companion, 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though though I mean in older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the you you know techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely okay high, high, with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest well lost lost in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left left Shanghai soon okay afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played college football at the University of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch Dutch bricks and well adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian Palladian windows placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler gavin Esler is currently one of the three three main presenters so on BBC 2's flagship political analysis analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined well the programme in January January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 1996 -- 97, as well McLean appeared in 44 games with with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and you know know released on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells she tells him that the IRA tried and and convicted like him in absentia, and she forces forces him to agree like to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and okay Liberties (FDTL), (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and uh he briefly held held the post of Minister of uh Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind um um Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before before um announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow Moscow was I mean not reinstated in the Second Division and and they you know played in the amateur Third division, division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function uh uh can now be seen to be carrying out these these latter two uh evolutionary functions and can lead us us to ask okay new kinds of questions about how development development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in in 2007 Reforma, Sept uh 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, 11, Once Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, so Mexico and later evolved evolved to be applied to other daytime uh and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over over well 8000 runs in his career yet has failed failed to catch uh the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia Australia (Patrick McCaughey, The Age um 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second the second tube was in lifted into into place 7 so January 1850, a single line was was open to public traffic okay through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan like like was part of various bands until deciding like to to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the the school so from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named they named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest northwest uh of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer team is class D in the I I mean Maine Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 2 - you know 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have some have criticized the game for not allowing the the player to like actually control Poirot; the developers explained explained this choice by saying that I mean adventure gamers who who make mistakes throughout the game do um not not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often often you know involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, dyes, you know and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional fictional um prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations well well in Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze you know know statuettes, bowls and other objects including statues, this being an indication indication um that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she she attended the uh association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of of seven I mean different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people whose members well well identify with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as as um of the end of the 2010 season, with ten, ten, I mean including best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of like like people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - I I mean al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning after returning to normal his chest did not fully fully recover you know and some parts of it remained icy, icy, he was unable well to return them to to normal, he became afraid of um it and it it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern pattern I mean in space, but remain unchanged with respect respect to I mean time; time crystals repeat themselves in time time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and and entrepreneurship with okay numerous academic papers and is probably best best known for okay his widely cited co-authored paper paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, you you know Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in in um the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted promoted from the okay Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson michael Jackson attempted to use the brand um um 'Dangerous' on items of clothing for his 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' tour but so was unsuccessful in doing so so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the on the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Harris Academy's former okay Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal Medal for okay his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an uh uh Egyptian - born writer, currently distinguished professor at like like the Graduate Center of City University of New I I mean York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship I mean mean of Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, member, um and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this during this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as as his okay student and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd command (print working directory) is used to well well print the name of current working directory, if if so the shell prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference reference to I mean typeinfo, however, many compilers will will not let you assign thsi well return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense name was originally used by Applied well Semantics, a a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted like by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, RSVP, instead I mean of standing for regrets' répondez répondez s'il vous so plaît', are there to reassure the the invitee that like there would be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same you know know meaning as explained above except in Malakand Division, Division, where a so district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage I mean mean (APLH), is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals intellectuals well back in march 2010 on Facebook under the the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route the route was originally designated by 1933 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August you know know 1981) was an Irish republican hunger striker and and a volunteer I mean in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated defeated Apollo like Crews to qualify for the Money in in the Bank ladder uh match at the Money in in the Bank pay - per well - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York emerged from the war as the leading leading okay city of the world, with Wall Street Street leading America's ascendancy and, like in 1951, the United Nations relocated relocated from its first headquarters like in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis basis of like their personal appeal and also those candidates candidates who are sidelined by you know party political rivals rivals within party but confident to make well it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently like i'm i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have one, two or more given names, I mean mean e. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high high - like rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex um um and her love of acting began with the um um dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, well although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term you know behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to uh uh new allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' Mogadorians' like plan for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research video Research Ltd. Is one of the more more reliable so firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an an of you know the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', 'Thuban', the primary star you know in the constellation Draco, which was was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a so so boy, villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she is um shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, services, such um as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the in the Central American zone, all seven teams teams from well the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered entered the I mean qualifying competition, and they were divided into into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain Spain um and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known known as um Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, Khanduri, (born 1 October, I mean 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks well the the Man in Grey for being considerate and he so leaves leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed h2S performed its first experimental flight on on 23 um April 1942, with the radar mounted in like like a Halifax bomber, the scanning unit installed in the the aircraft's so belly using the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon um Fraternity He He persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente the Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish establish an you know Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops troops from I mean the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative okay is an an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to bring uh uh focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of of um the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career career as you know a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died like November November 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general general so who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in um Wales, situated situated in the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, well well whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational I mean mean bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Dirty Three, well Batrider and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month month with well a blush on his face, but was was reduced to a homeless well bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of of okay posts in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on so so the Continent for King Henry V. In well well 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in in you know 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and and later competitor I mean of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of of embroidery well for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in in India in June you know 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the the 2nd I mean century A. D. It was replaced by by the so Panhellenion, established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is zane is a member of the general general partner of Armada so Enterprises LP, which has various various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do they do this in order to bail their their friend um Kenny out of jail for $ 100, 100, 000 after he okay accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced okay okay by its success and sexual content, as its um sexual - - explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry you know know and led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World War War like the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used used to jam German well communications, seriously hindering their advance on on Paris and contributing well to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a well well building material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America that began as as I mean a Dutch colony, then was captured by by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor Doctor who also um migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from from east uh and west, it has traces of western sound sound uh like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Tony I mean Kushner, who he commissioned to write what what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of you you know the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious serious um clash of arms between Māori and the British settlers settlers um after the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the uh center, center, so they may be placed on the um outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in you you know 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone the backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian persian army) okay in the Sassanid era was their heavy heavy armoured cavalry. These I mean heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in in which they underwent extensive like exercises in warfare warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry alexander Henry Haliday was born at at Clifden, Holywood, a small seaside okay town in County Down, Ireland Ireland on 21 November you know 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but but later so stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to okay okay take responsibility and pull their kids out of the the activity if um anything went wrong, these kids were were then looked at you know as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but I I mean is promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, so so and her first solo exhibition opened in New York City uh in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated he graduated from Provo High School in 1974, 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, Heresy, half of the like Legion rebelled against the Emperor under under the command of Luther, like a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, cement, you you know sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint tint which well is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is is a I mean young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind um um damage and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, like like is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party like (Progressive (Progressive Movement for the Devolution of Initiatives) where he okay okay ran for the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent adjacent I mean to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of one of the first Puerto Rican entertainers entertainers to achieve world - I mean wide fame was Antonio Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known as I mean mean 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but you know know the Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions occasions they turn I mean a blind eye to his tactics tactics when they I mean need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close the close of the Varaždin Touristic Season Season is brought down so by the annual Špancir Festival which which begins at the end okay of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, Canada, like is served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of of single so and double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, wings, like and a further residential unit of single cell accommodation like like which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Charité, Charité, and subsequently so became an assistant at the department for for the um mentally ill under Wilhelm Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; so so including 103 sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, well well servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning learning um institute with a website service designed so that that users can like learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died okay okay in about 1259, and he had three brothers, two two okay of whom died fighting the Welsh (at the the Battle um of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the the well large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs Romanovs like I mean the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor instructor when I mean he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly okay okay - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic comic like series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving solving um 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a in a running gag in seasons 1 - - 4, okay Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while while trying okay to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity the publicity department at the studio studio suggested that Priscilla and Morris you know be seen seen together around town; they liked each other and did date date okay for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 okay okay - 2010 American sci - fi television like like series 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American American so college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as as Offensive so Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of like like their high energy and compatibility with kids. They like are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used flashlights used for extended periods every day may be be more I mean economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed um for rechargeable batteries may allow charging charging without removing the um batteries; for example, a light light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka Medaka addresses these like requests in an episodic manner; manner; during the course of well the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) 1986) is an English okay professional football player and currently plays plays for Bristol um City, on a short term term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the 15 of August of 1901 in in the um City of Penonomé, in the the district of los Forasteros of okay the community of of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured so so in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was chopra was born in Jamshedpur to to parents who were I mean both physicians in the the Indian Army, causing the family like to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at the time the city had few few entertainment I mean and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the the interest to well establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off like attacks attacks from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, so escort carriers carriers were part of hunter - killer groups so that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went went back to I mean school at Lake Washington Institute Institute of Technology in Redmond and well graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is you you know also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in okay okay 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and and um then, as had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a okay yeshiva yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim I mean mean it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, aflat, low - lying, sandy plain is is mapped you know as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It It connects Faddeyevsky and like Kotelny islands and ties them together together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver like like after steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period period of um time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made made before like the start of the quiz and and made be available on all um rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks parks and so recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint Saint - you know Luc Public Library, one of few few libraries in North America so that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 after after you know the fall of More Kingdom to to Bhosales and very soon um he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of one of the premium hiking trails trails in the Waterton so Lakes National Park, Alberta, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour um - return Crypt Lake trail trail is accessed by uh a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was was one I mean of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, rebellion, and on 12 like February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a a 1983 Tamil okay film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the war, the L class were involved in trials uh uh of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both the the east and um west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 1922 and 1923 and so were used in the US US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented represented uh President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter Latter - day Saints I mean and other church leaders when when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being being so the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its okay okay most prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret turret I mean mounted amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, embolism, so include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial atrial fibrillation and mitral so stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January January 1941 you know -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his his grandfather okay to the title in 1969, his father, father, Lieutenant - you know Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living in São Paulo he fell in love okay with with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to Mark's Mark's cousin I mean Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of her design was also re-used for like the the 'Street Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, incidentally, okay has a fellow ninja classmate and friend named named well Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St St. Petersburg like was raided by police but after Glasnost Glasnost the I mean group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season um um of the National Football League is tentatively well set to to begin Thursday, September 4, 2014, with the defending defending okay Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her her cabin with an okay injured Ben and tells Kitty that that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was forced to take part of a you you know devilish plan to fool the the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, housing okay okay cultural treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, you know know the most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped dropped her family um name of Jackman, using both of her remaining remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students you you know who graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth uh for for gnawing on wood, while the teeth of okay the giant giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the the members okay of the royal family which, along with with the governorship uh of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and and a reputation for well fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to this, she could only show platonic platonic love like to Hardin, which in turn shatters shatters his heart you know and later turned over the the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for for so another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to you you know script differences with the studio, and the director director so reiterated, ' I never had an actress picked picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer atransfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February February 1772 until she I mean returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy comedy program like starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode the Mode can only be activated over over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, 1885, and I mean was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade this upgrade will reduce cost and increase I I mean flexibility, since any manufactured CBC can be configured configured for zero to I mean four solid boosters, but the the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be be so reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and like easy easy to learn language, changes to the Lisp code do um um not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second second EP released so by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer prayer of the well 15th century and was popularized in the the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle la Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied hals studied under another Flemish - - émigré, Karel like van Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 2 um on the regular season and earning a berth berth in the Championship like Game, where the Fox lost to to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg Dufourg um attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, Talanta, and uh gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, tier, uh whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is is you know a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently currently plays um for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler tom Wheeler is an American television writer and and producer like currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast furnaces furnaces so at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 4 so seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; Lose'; uh it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is overcollecting is a major threat to to the uh survival of 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as as it so was found that one locality of 'P. Kovachii' Kovachii' was okay depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to so so the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting the painting was presented by him him to President Kennedy in well 1963, through a a letter, acknowledged the young artist with I mean personal thanks thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick initially, Quick was a free daily paper that that well contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was brown was offered a new contract at the the end uh of the 2013 - 2014 season, after after being um with Cheltenham for 10 years, however he he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with with like a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear appear the uh same, by God there is no difference between between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Little Rock, Arkansas and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the the Erie Canal and well enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in response response um to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building is shaped to project the image of of okay scales of justice with its centre - beam beam symbolised by uh the central wing of the building comprising comprising the Chief uh Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett you know know in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the on the opposite side of the the road is the okay well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a you you know retired American mixed martial artist who fought for for the you know UFC as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of the the you know insulation over many years of energised service service and at present like great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was was in I mean talks with BBC to get Torchwood Torchwood back on TV, like the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it it I mean makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals goals um and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan Morahan and his like father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part part of I mean his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles western saddles are more difficult to adjust, adjust, though use of uh shims and padding can compensate for for some changes, and the uh lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when he was was appointed um president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and and after uh his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes 'Sometimes I mean You See it Coming', a graphic graphic novel called 'Luna well Park', and he was the the chief historical researcher on Harold okay Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter chapter so would be written by a different author and and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on well well February 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and and then okay Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January January 22, 1962) was well a Republican American politician from Kennebec, Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney General um of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, well well located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of okay okay the United States Air Force based out of of the you know now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility uh uh serving many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known known and like popular personality among the residents of his hometown, hometown, respected I mean for his exploits as an All - - American athlete and um a judge on the New New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the so so exposure time, using a photographic film with a higher ISO ISO okay rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the original writing of the scriptures, I mean huge volumes volumes of copies have been made of the okay originals, originals, which are no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - - Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait portrait and like subject painter, had a large practice in in London, and uh was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The The Metropolitan Police Service okay and it was him who who encouraged Goodwin to learn okay the piano from an an early age which would eventually lead uh to him him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the the like novel, including the murder of its protagonist shortly after after you know a moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a considered a unique example for the the evolution of architecture during the you know nineteenth nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was constructed well by by François Coignet in 1869 one week before the inauguration uh of the the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron george Hysteron - Proteron Proteron (c. 18741942) is you know a fictional character created created by the author J. K. Stanford, like a British soldier, sporting sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the you know know face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held held in um downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for for 'Life' and well remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold the album online through his site site and like Myspace, as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch Punch was like working on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', 'inFamous', a sandbox game I mean based on a futuristic world world with more photorealistic graphics, about um a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into I I mean Lila, and the two plan to reunite reunite her with like her father and allow her her to take back her place well as heir by by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played his first pro season with their their Class well A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last last with the uh New York Yankees' Double - A Albany Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian Bulgarian like Empire in the middle and late 13th century, most most of well the territory of present - day Albania became became part um of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King the ex-King Charles of Sweden got got to know her during okay his exile in Finland 1457 - - 1464, and when uh he returned to Sweden and and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both both um lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds weeds that can you know have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE WWE so SmackDown Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament tournament to uh crown the inaugural champions was then set set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met okay okay Samuel Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, a life uh - - changing event was subsequently to exercise a profound influence influence you know on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South okay Africa, Africa, who works with the Triangle Project and is well a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was was an American educator, born well at Niantic, Conn. He He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage to engage the four - wheel - okay okay drive system the vehicle must be moving at a um um slow speed less than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, jealous, okay and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where so he he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- uh 64 64 black Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted I I mean with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated situated in Mattanur like is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting betting uh favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred okay yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in the you know U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan Williamson, Williamson, whom okay he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, singles, well however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the the uh sale of bonds, with the first issue planned to to be so around $ 20 million; the the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort has been expended in an attempt to to factor so these numbers, but much remains unknown unknown about their factorization; for instance, um it's not not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on on well their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker uh County, County, Texas, assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending after attending the College du Plessis in Paris, Paris, he seems um to have acquired a vocational vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, but you know after studying studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory like like ship which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, Chūō, Tokyo, uh Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing ensuing two decades Walker well appeared infrequently in minor roles roles but still maintained a loyal um following from his Cheyenne Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents inez's parents agree with Gil when he he tells her that they okay are not right for each other, other, prompting Inez's father to confess um that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree like like cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and I I mean handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS CBS television um series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 22 September 1957) well was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, athlete, politician, uh and well - known conversationalist, who served served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC PCC you know streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and and later work you know has included restoring PCC cars cars for use on San Francisco you know Municipal Railway's F Market Market & Wharves line and um manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a a former well professional basketball player in the WNBA, she she most recently okay played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan the 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only like one available Jain encyclopedia encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue tissue are attracted uh to it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, excommunicated excommunicated so Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a a monk okay at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant dissonant and dramatic uh way, like a lost sheep for its its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden? ).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in in line I mean with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in the area area are uh at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of of Māori like and Samoan descent and played rugby rugby union until so he was 14 - years years - old, then making a you know switch to rugby rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, you you know as their immediate area of influence was about and their uh uh weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is well known for his affiliation with the the well West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in in Jumpoff's World Rap okay Championships in 2007, status as a a Youtube celebrity, and okay position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on on I mean 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i i and 'K' well i' accurately from such plots, plots, so it is um advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song song as so a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and uh with with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party Party of like Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was he was born in New York City (Spanish (Spanish Harlem, okay also known as East Harlem or or El Barrio) I mean to Puerto Rican parents at at the age of ten Jimmy's family like moved to to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most like like populous urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and and well virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an an industrial you know designer who created the Ducati Monster, which which is credited with so popularizing the naked bike style of of motorcycle, as well as well saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the end of the war, angry crowds crowds burned you know his books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his his so fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking breaking up you know and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor Professor um of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp the Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Visitor's Center & okay Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, different different sizes so of polypeptides can be produced by by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space since space and time are unified, the the motion through space uh impacts time: time slows down down for the person so who is moving but goes faster faster for the one so who stands still; which which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of of so Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories in inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern lantern clocks usually are simply you know referred to as as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', um since since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - um CD CD box set which contains all 11 EPs released by okay Autechre Autechre between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe okay okay Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the the I mean first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward afterward um Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet music may also indicate the name of of the I mean lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a a person well other than one of the songwriters or composers composers and the uh name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann was found guilty of the theft theft of two uh computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, in 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he he uh had met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, Texas, Texas, and okay the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to sources privy to the development at at Scotland Yard, I mean the information obtained from the the SIM of Iftikhar well Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is ben is the son of Libby Libby Kennedy and I mean the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying decaying 'Empress I' I mean by the 'Vancouver Daily Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building building at the okay southern end of Wukang Road, Road, on the corner with I mean Huaihai Middle Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - so Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking after picking back up the project in 1998 1998 recording uh started to begin and guitarist Kurt Kurt Ballou joined in on the like project and in in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served served as like an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Dan Quayle well Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one one of uh the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, I I mean losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was it was the second single from his his worldwide so hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 so so World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process uh could could also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or or even well assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig like Abderrahman Mohammed Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; um born 21 21 November 1965 ) is a Sudanese - born like like British actor, known by the stage names Siddig I mean mean El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the the well province latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- -- 21 October 1982) was so a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of of the Bulgarian folk so singer, pilot and radio technician technician Toni Toneff, she was I mean born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in in Madrid, you know Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence influence of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park offers a variety of annual annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California so and grew grew up in Compton, California as the youngest of well three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development progressed, some of the original ideas became well well too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, the the okay spider sequences were to be present near the the end um of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, okay eucalypts, eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are you you know laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure Adventure 'featured um a scene in which Pee - - wee Herman knocks uh over a row of motorcycles, then then proceeds to win over the like angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has gorse has been used for hedges and and windbreaks on the I mean Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son of okay okay the late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and and Lourdes you know 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to to I mean a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi big Boi included André 3000 in producing producing and co-writing um on four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while while on 'The okay Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is also the Director of the Division of Policy I I mean and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is so so the director of the National Resource Center on Supportive Supportive Housing like and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & & um also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is so so about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is like like about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored his first goal for United in a okay 2 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park Park I mean on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy easy um to locate in the night sky; if one finds finds Vega, uh Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown so song song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid hid out in the so isolated piny woods of of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and bolstered um by his new found status, status, Nelson boasted a plan so that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American um um football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be be a like messenger and prophet of God, and by by most Muslims to okay have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed a okay five year year jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in in okay extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies you you know whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there there are like enough to allow a modest reconstruction reconstruction of his activities: he presided like over legal legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important I mean irregular irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and calls it it an like IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', Learner', in February well 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose whose cover features a uh woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia so so on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican Mexican troops, and a I mean 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the last decade parts of the area have have you know seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet yet like many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Disney Animation so Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity uh and and large data sets, Ilesfay was founded in I mean Cincinnati, Ohio Ohio in 2009 to meet market demand by changing the you you know rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law during law school, she was the managing editor at at well the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained gained notice as the um moderator of a panel about citing citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in like protest protest of the entry of German troops into Ukraine okay okay and returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip chip okay is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize stabilize the uh temperature, and by making small adjustments to to the inside temperature you know of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link you you know was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Her Majesty's Fire Service I mean Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, a okay government agency directly directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia like like launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on land, the so so First World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the the largest you know naval battle of the the First World War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past past the I mean turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated operated well by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate I I mean and the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, cliffs, well removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well as as um off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and and I mean on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced it replaced a company set up in June June um 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Motiur Motiur Rahman okay suggested some of students to be active active in this regard um to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have um been been stripped, which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions therefore had a diverse range of um um different peoples and were, to some extent, unified by like an an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most uh recently recently on March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 um um 5um km high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms Arms uh on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for for active service so on 10 April 1885 which served served with Middleton's column you know of the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, scandia, is I mean a high melting white solid used used in high - um temperature systems (for its resistance to to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a a loop, I mean but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of of I mean letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September September 10, okay 1956) was a U. S. Political figure who uh uh most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know across the parish as the 'Almost 'Almost Capital uh of the World' for always having an excuse excuse on their shortcomings, okay including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development Development like Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least least 18 years old, so and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his well mother as a a servant in the home you know of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and some some uh call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the the okay Sunni Arab community, and member of Al - - Arabiya Coalition uh He also was the led of of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, you know which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary Elementary School you know in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' 'healthy' and 'well you know - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings okay okay and encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has has you know been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing uh him to to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are there are many all - weather pitches pitches throughout Milton um Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles rifles firing you know solid shot, however proved to be be fouling after 2 you know - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company company uh she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from um um year to year, and more contexts that are designed designed to okay be engaging to students as they make connections I I mean among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the during the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head head coach, Brian um Smith was sacked, and then - - assistant coach Stone was uh promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to I mean mean Rome and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is you know still elected elected as is every other sheriff in the well state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 in 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's area's busiest places well to gather for programs and meetings, meetings, serving over 950, 000 well visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, in June, 1862, it contained 449 449 men, reported 12 killed, I mean 57 wounded, and and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours within hours of the discovery of Shepard Shepard tied to the I mean fence, his friends Walt Boulden Boulden and Alex Trout well began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district well represented represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people people so have reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders well in in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 uh uh as part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th 19th (Western) um Division, and saw its first action action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age 115 and 42 days days uh in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having had no no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on like November November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes changes well career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also also on full uh display, but the album is most remarkable remarkable for the intimacy of the um performance, with Van Zandt Zandt taking the stage alone and accompanying himself um on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but but there you know is no penalty for failure to comply comply with it and you know it is not widely enforced -- indeed, indeed, the like U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that that punitive enforcement um would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was was removed from okay the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and and replaced by well Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer officer responsible okay for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking I I mean about and spending time with the creature (played by Chris Chris like Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for for the okay initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in okay okay the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, nABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of of heavy I mean - duty transit buses from 31 31 - feet to um 60 - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships Championships -- achieving his best like result, sixth, in 2001 -- -- and at one senior like international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the events portrayed in it is established that that Ace so has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second asecond trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect collect more equipment, uh meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting material material well is much simpler than with traditional organic organic solvents, merely you know by allowing it to to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in in um the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and so so Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms forms of okay declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical like cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox Cox returned from a holiday uh retreat in England England and named the town he surveyed after the uh seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied you know know mathematics, engineering, and natural sciences, a function of of like a real variable is a function whose domain domain is you know the real numbers ℝ, more more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; this; the so potential predator may desist when it knows it has so been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, Sims, portrays so Ciara in Malibu, California featuring a male actor actor who okay she is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours hours okay I put into going to places and taking taking pictures of like monuments and such will be wasted. This This law this law is destroying value me and others created.
While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from from okay rural areas and continued to neglect the US agriculture industry created created okay widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout well well the decade and would later be blamed as one of of um the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own own a okay telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, I mean mean for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film was a US box - office office failure like and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and and Liberals, led by like Herbert Asquith, could not break the the deadlock produced uh in the January general election, election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement before before 1900... Farms um and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the um um 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary uh uh and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk mexican punk had more similar roots roots to that of 1970s you know based on the the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to like participate participate and perform, it was during this time time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team okay okay play in a new arena in San Francisco, but but the like arena never came to fruition, and the Seals Seals played in you know the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin cousin uh from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on you know know either bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west west well bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her in her interviews Soberano said she would would like to pursue well a degree in Psychology Psychology course but in October 2016, okay she confirms that will will be studying at Southville so International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in in counties well Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and and Tipperary, and imposing I mean a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but like like found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 1978 without so graduating to attend the California Institute of like like Technology, the following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United okay States States Army was named interim President of the well Citadel, The The Military College of South Carolina in August 1980 you know and and then selected as the 16the President by unanimus unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of of you know heavy agave crowns, men helped, although although the men's job okay is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic I I mean bacteria generally don't harm the plant, but promote promote the um formation of ice crystals, and some some produce an auxin hormone which like promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of of the you know activities of the UAI, follows the progress progress of the various well projects and supports the the Bureau in its handling of the I mean mean correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel well of of the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée so and and made officer of the Legion of Honor okay ( ' ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State and and I mean graduated in 1991 the creator and executive producer of um um two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October on October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing providing wholesale services to like Smart Telecom, with the result result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter daughter Zareena well when they come to know that Panditji Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and well Federer were ranked ranked No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was um um the first time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an well Italian Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in in Alameda okay County, California, United States that was established in in 1962 um and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down uh uh in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that the servers servers like would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - um um legged football fixture which took place on Wednesday, okay okay June 27 and July 4 between Boca Juniors of of Argentina you know and Corinthians of Brazil at the the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are like like signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori you know know Satoh (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back back well pay, but only after signing a a sworn affidavit pledging their I mean allegiance allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's the Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing bringing over so 1000 New Orleans musicians back after Katrina, Katrina, re-housing, creating well employment for and acquiring over over a quarter million dollars worth um of top shelf instruments instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each each presenting so a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to like like leave the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this this okay store was soon demolished for a Wal - - Mart store well in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration concentration camp well prisoners and due to his SS rank he well was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track track I mean was used where one side side heavily banked, and included obstacles uh such as the 'Wall of Death' Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) so so has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that that so occurs in March, often in the week before Spring Spring well Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there okay okay is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems seems to so derive purely from the first letter of his his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was was occurring I mean and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by like like legend due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient like like archaeological finds from those times; however, Zagreb does does have you know much recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad the ballad is told from the perspective of of a well soldier who has fought in many bloody battles battles only to I mean return home to England as as a beggar asking a I mean man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated she graduated in modern history from from the University you know of Florence and writes predominantly on Israel Israel and the I mean Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably um the biggest touch touch screen display ever used in a so Philippine television television show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless uh uh Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second the second Easter Cup in December that year year was hosted by El you know Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora Sora and his okay friends whenever they needed him, in the the end the like door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for this well camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a child, he observed that Southerners were often often depicted like as being less intelligent than other characters characters on scripted um television; to avoid that stereotype, stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is there is a spectacular gorge below Coedty Coedty reservoir, used by outdoor so pursuit groups, but gorge gorge walking can be dangerous because I mean of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller I I mean - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game is similar to other fighters but features features uh 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of of Novara, you know and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued continued undefeated streak to 5 okay - 0 and defeated Anadolu Anadolu Efes 77 - 64, and okay became undisputed leader leader of group C. Marko popovič made well history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections (axons) extending okay okay from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus hypothalamus that so secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred ahundred and thirty - two books later, she she is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Mega Millions okay multi-state lotto game, and features their own own Illinois Lotto (6 like balls out of 52) with a smaller smaller seven / I mean eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and and Creative uh Designing in the most Creative and Innovative Innovative way like. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played played um four years of college soccer at Drexel University, before before being drafted okay by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never they never warned Doe about the rape rape scheme despite I mean her relationship to them as a a ModelMayhem. Com member, they you know also had requisite requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem I mean mean. Com users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable variable and so usually resembles the substrate, which makes it it well - camouflaged you know when stationary but but more visible when it moves okay about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint Committee on well Federal Relations, Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare so Reform, Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on well Legislative Data Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of of Corfu, Greece, like that belongs to the former community of of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is um an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the the Southwest you know Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the college college uh became nationally accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating eating prey well such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of of well the Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued continued his studies at so the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has it has a metal soundbox covered with with snakeskin and like a long fretless fingerboard, and is played played while seated okay in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - coca - Cola was able to renegotiate renegotiate their bottling uh contract in 1921, but, but, in part due to the costs well of rebranding, rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first his first professional fight was against Billy Billy Wilcox I mean on August 3, 1954 in in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a a schoolteacher turned small businessman, like who owned a Spaza Spaza shop popular with black mine workers, okay it was from there there that Patrice Motsepe learnt basic business um principles from from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in in okay Milan, Italy in 1790, generously on loan loan to him from okay the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Stiftung Musikleben since he was okay named a prize winner winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with I mean mean Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky Sky and on uh the same day it was taken off off of Virgin Media um as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry the rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 (1404 - 1406), which um was fought as the contest of of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is like like a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', 'Jake', prospect for like gold in various locations locations in the U. S. , I mean and and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou although Angelou considered herself a playwright and and poet when her well editor Robert Loomis challenged her to to write 'Caged uh Bird', she has been best known known for her autobiographies, um and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns I mean mean to parents of what their child is doing on social social you know media sites is a challenging subject, due okay to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst - case time complexity is, but on like like average its performance is or even depending on the random random um distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, you know know Knaresborough and Harrogate College and became the youngest youngest Mayor in uh the country in 1985 at the age age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) 1957) is an Indian telecom I mean mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a a U you know. S. Politician, who is a a Republican member of the California so State Senate, representing representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors authors have I mean used the character, sometimes with great great results -- for like example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made lee made his professional debut on the February February 22nd 2003 so against Philly San at at Cage Rage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the the Corona well Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a so common common symptom, and may even be the third most I mean mean common trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth tooth decay and okay gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from from I mean doing so, but Jerry just pats pats him on um the head again, then blows his noisemaker and the the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working while working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group Group in 1986, so Pito Salas invented a next - - generation spreadsheet you know concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities minute quantities of this pheromone can be used used per okay acre of land to confuse male insects about the the uh location of their female partners, it can thus thus serve as uh a lure in traps to effectively effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; truce; it was okay a shortlived Hmong Royalist military military irregulars feigned an artillery uh bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at at Khang um Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - free okay okay resultant which it is useful both conceptually and practically, because because like the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he he was awarded um the Medal of Honor for his actions at at the Colmar I mean Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in in Wales, um which is part of the military is wholly wholly Govenment well funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes crashes well on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's interior is decorated with marble and a a staircase um leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from from Cincinnati, like Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is is a tropical I mean plant with edible multiple fruit fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation like like and a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India India well which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a you know know prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of of the Bolshevik um Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr Dr. Martin Luther I mean King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in in its I mean architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one one of the few like places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby so so Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those you you know who were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then Then so Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left corner corner represents so the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes symbolizes striving for you know excellence while the book in in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has like a a ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's um father, that that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 you know know in Chicago, IL and has since been revised revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a a new version so of IChat, based on the industry - - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for for okay the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in commercial so so operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate Tate uh Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, in 2006, Slean teamed up with video video director Nelson like Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to to create a um three part short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; Baroness'; well the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play Play TV I mean in 2008, while studying for her her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is is a airplane with like no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration Migration um suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese Sudanese are living like in London, whilst a fairly vague vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house house the like crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner like like chase his fourth state title at the helm like like of the Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is like like about a young boy, who dies and and then his favourite math you know teacher observes, that he he hardly knew him, he was okay only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from American American uh country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the at the time, many people did did not know their actual I mean birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is the third largest city in the Eastern Eastern Province, after you know Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing of uh uh two majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next I mean mean day by an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American American well actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 20 winner, I mean the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles you you know Hornbrook who helped him with his work, acting okay okay as a skilled technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to to you know a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill ill well. Belle persuades belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child child fatherless; well the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with well the Bishop Bishop Museum and spent the next 60 years you know roaming roaming the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at at so his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made his debut as a half - time substitute substitute so for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away draw uh uh with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being being recalled I mean by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge um um what he can on a beached ship, leaving his his son uh to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' 'Parody' I mean and, eponymously, the game is a parody of of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first the first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique unique contribution to his uh family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Managing s. Managing so Editor and before that, Editor of the FT's FT's Continental European you know edition (2000 - 2002), during which which he briefed US President okay George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell you know know and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond you you know white; these broad streaks broad are divided divided only by like the black veins, followed by a a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually usually involves closing okay or holding the arms around around the neck, back, okay or waist of another person; if if more than like two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can can not well continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, you you know with added enzymes to modify and transform transform their chemical like composition and pH. Invertases and s s into I mean honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former former water polo uh player who won a a silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just she just merely detests driving into Halifax -- -- where her well daughter and nominator Janis lives; lives; she breaks down entirely on you know the highway, even even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for for uh his own ends while the original Heat attempted attempted to protect her: uh when Sera saw Serph killing killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and you you know the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the state state would be um unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records eastWest Records wanted to showcase their their new headline signing so and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in in 188 okay A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote wrote 'Education so of the Rural Poor' which argued for for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first the first truly native Neolithic culture culture was the Funnelbeaker so culture named after the shape of of their typical clay okay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there today there is little to no information information regarding possibly one uh of the greatest taxidermy firms firms in the you know world, apart from P. A A. Morris' studies, the Van well Ingen factory in in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and and okay cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves leaves. Konkani people like prepare patolyos on the second Sunday Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic Icelandic um footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and you you know grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born okay okay in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy Navy well 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, two two well cats and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what what she wants to you know do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake aremake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb okay okay Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, Parrish, um who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, Oaks, okay in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Nicki uh Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act the Act was repealed in 1962, but by by this like time, much of the language and traditions traditions had uh been either corrupted or lost, but a few few kaumatua and so kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte acolyte chosen to like serve and accompany Odrade on her her voyage with I mean Tamalane and Dortujla to meet meet the Great Honored Matre like Dama on Junction, as as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head um um coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction restriction in uh large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects effects well from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved he moved out of his parents' house, dropped uh uh out of high school, and began working as a gas gas like station attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon Jeon asked for uh follow - up action to the president president of the like college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From From 7 uh July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 135 flats, um of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in in laughter you know and express complete amusement by the the whole state of uh affairs, though they also let Klaus Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June okay okay 2010 and was released as the third and and final single well from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves so so and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions you know League League a record of 13 times and they are um um second overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, like like lasting seven issues, and it filled an important role at at the um time, giving new creators a chance chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets and collaborations both on stage and in the okay okay studio with other artists have been extensive and he he has uh worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Chris Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, well Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former was one of the 48 48 constellations listed by the 2nd so century astronomer Ptolemy, Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić Hristić (née you know Joanides), was the mother of son of of King Milan okay Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the the show so can be seen for thirty minutes and and competes with another um half - hour production production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, baptism, like that in the nativity scene the statue of the the baby Jesus like shows him standing and and there are three crosses depicted with so those those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with with well some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and and okay nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was was I mean formed and a year later it was was renamed the Carolina I mean Mountain Land Conservancy Conservancy and has expanded its area of well focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church I I mean in Blackpool, while in the Lake District village village uh of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational and like academic courses courses which can be taken at various academic and like vocational vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, in 2006, he and the the Cavaliers negotiated a three uh - year, $ 60 million million contract extension instead of I mean the four year year maximum as it allotted him the um option of of seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under under um the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Genghis um Khan, had again been successful in briefly capturing capturing Syria from the uh Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural architectural well themes of the city, including Native American, art art deco, I mean and contemporary styles, making heavy use of of like swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and and would like have been lost when it nearly met its its end like in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, Florida, um United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules rules you know football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the well University of of Southern California in 1948, established his golf course um architecture architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya and and um Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand expand their career opportunities these so students expect that a a degree from a prestigious college okay in the United States States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced produced well by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear nuclear reactors well and the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service as as HMS you know 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady the 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular popular ship; when well she came to be broken up enthusiasts enthusiasts wrote from okay all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in um um 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous previous um Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise I mean mean held in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first first so units of the United States Marines Corps to participated participated well in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Steven Steven well Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / / I mean Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley Bentley as the uh main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is uh a a New Zealand politician and leader of the you know populist New New Zealand First party which he founded in like like 1993, and served as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in in and you know made the highest score of his career, career, his 307 you know beating Frank Woolley's 305 not not out against Tasmania in 1911 so - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the I I mean location of the bandstand demolished during the second uh uh world war, and as part of the park refurbishment um um the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible loan responsible for building building the caliph's palace, you know fits another stereotype: that of of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was was a rare so bright spot for Connecticut's Republicans Republicans as the departing incumbent from okay the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 you you know million and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving after leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - - uh Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on on I mean her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually eventually returned um to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most but most of them speak the local Oromo, Oromo, Harari um or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered sheltered I mean lee of the Bonaire, has the same geological geological history, and while okay Bonaire at least has some hills, hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a a son, on so December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in in the well North East of England and Scotland, in addition to a a like lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school school okay and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende so Neubauten Neubauten ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city the city was founded in the early 20th 20th century, and okay since the 1980s has been continually enlarged enlarged by Egyptian and um foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of of Oregon, the I mean early economic orientation of Lake County was was toward California: um both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the the 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from uh uh her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum of Croydon is a museum located located inside like the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea the idea behind the high class health health care um institution in Pakistan was conceived in New York, York, USA in like the mid of 1985. After consistent consistent discussions and meet ups, I mean the present present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held um Hemingstone Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of well land land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business business so office with several windows and a fireplace used used by Dr. This um this um also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was built built in Ta' you know Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, Sliema, by like the same Testaferrata family but was demolished in in um 1989 and the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October October 23, well 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, newspaper, after the well paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former aformer U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently um um teaches at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him him back as her lover, okay and used her as a a messenger, asking her um to make contact with with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of the press thought he should remain I I mean England captain, but he was replaced replaced as Test captain so by Jardine, who was not a a popular choice; the selectors so chose Jardine to exercise exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from from Haiti I mean whilst his mother is of Greek heritage heritage through her grandfather Louis, like who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in the um um feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability like like to maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the with the war with france looming Truxtun Truxtun was appointed like captain in the newly formed U. S S. Navy well in 1794, and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and commune like of of north - western France, in the 'département' of Côtes uh uh - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Nineveh Province okay (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three like like schools: the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, um and and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other like other Farnese family building projects, projects, the palace you know imposes its presence on its surroundings surroundings in an expression of the um family's power power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character of the the um same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric like models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent films, films, so silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect effect in many like movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the both the construction sector along with the wholesale wholesale and retail trade like sector have 13 % % of the population working within each uh which, so so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger Roger were well all aboard the balloon; the two adults adults died when the you know balloon crashed in a a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 the 22 room Edwardian residence was designed designed by Charles well Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and and Bignell in 1906 you know at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a uh uh gun loaded with a special 'god - killing' so bullet bullet (the kind that was used to kill kill Orion) well to slay Darkseid, whether or not the the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer dealer Heinz you know Berggruen whom she met in the the city, she and Rivera okay reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry you you know on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Karl Tunberg so is loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook like Farm' and tells the story of a talented talented orphan's trials so and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy Academy Group you know 1 Champion in 2005, and and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing playing video um game for the PlayStation 2 developed by by Atlus, published like by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of so so San Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father father I mean of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan clan lives in a okay Washington, D. C. Apartment building, building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season with with like the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury injury and was like unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February in February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back back to Australia okay along with the 9th Division, landing in in Brisbane on 20 you know February, making making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to according to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view view of okay the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', automaton', suggesting that okay insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B like like. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration in in Dangyang on an like areas of 2000 square km km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love I I mean with Susan Storm, she tried to kill kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, items, I mean which is originated, used for raising fund fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- -- okay actor and former Governor of California as host; the the so show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to to leave well 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they there they met up with Captain Archibald Archibald Gillespie of the U well. S. Marines, who had recently recently been driven out of Los you know Angeles, Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was was um active in the late 11th and early 12th 12th centuries, and you know is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, known, joined uh the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in in 1933, founded um the Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island has working coast artillery guns on it like like but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, Kingdom, I mean are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and and you know the first senior bishop of the the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church like in America, a Methodist denomination formed formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the number number well of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and and appear in um portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the okay okay Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming swimming pool like and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being being well so weak can't open the lip gloss; in in a montage okay of clips showing the wires, drips, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, I mean etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced I mean mean by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season like like well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a okay okay Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place place okay name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He but He was not awarded as Best Best Actor of the year okay for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the from the 1880s until 1915 up to to 2 million Jews left I mean Eastern Europe which at the the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the I I mean chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley well well 'Shortly after the team published its first results in 1940, 1940, uh Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of like department, department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater burckle Crater is likely very large scale well well comet or meteorite impact event located in between or or to so the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced induced okay values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional his 'Occasional Issues of Unique and and Very Rare I mean Books' (1875 - - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was he was eighteen years old when his father father died, and I mean so a regency was appointed appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book book - um keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon soon disgraced himself and I mean was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic the generic name refers to Xuanhan County in in Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided land and the you you know cemetery although it is now officially called 'St 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in in 1964 you know and entered Michigan State University, where where he was editor - in like - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by you you know Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi okay okay Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door power door locks were introduced on on the um luxury Packard in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal the metal is extracted from its principal mineral mineral ores by the I mean Kroll and Hunter Hunter process es. The most common compound, you know titanium dioxide, is is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms you you know Goodspeed, but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse well well the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 24 January well 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by you know know finding a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first first uh animals were born in the water, by the the influence of so the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 4 The human being was okay supposed by Anaximander to have have sprung from some other animal, I mean which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the other famous church is the protest church named named okay 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because because of so its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the um Gerald Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in um previews) and and officially on October 9, 2014 in so a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in in 1964 the Department so of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, okay okay Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat is close hauled, with the sail sail set okay at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent apparent wind, like the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any I I mean page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt salt is a colourless okay to white (although often often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting uh for aluminum) aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral like like often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the the town so has held it every year since; since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 so A A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of well himself himself and used to burn whoever opposes him with um um fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases chitinases I mean related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, well in the the Horton Plains in the Central Highlands which have an an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, in 2009, the hiring of two independent independent organizations uh reviewed BART's policies and procedures in the the process of uh overseeing the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life Life to okay Live' all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century century so during the life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) Wasalaam) so number of adherents of Islam has lived in in Asia and I mean specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately um um 50 locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, taylor Henderson, the runner - up of of the fifth series of okay 'The X Factor Australia', Australia', covered it in his debut uh self - - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the high jump jump behind well Irving Baxter of the United States, States, and the bronze uh medal in the long jump jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer I mean Prinstein, he he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship the ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - - okay Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The The I mean Committee for the Protection of the the Foreign Born aided in so securing the right of of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak well well in Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it it um may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though okay okay the mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from from Earth, so 1950 you know DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the the you know books sell more than a million million copies annually, several new volumes are I mean published each year, year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you know what it means not to know what what to do? you know ' Graham was ultimately convicted convicted while the informant was immediately I mean released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that that he ran I mean alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it I I mean was the first permanent Spanish military center, but the the well Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, first, tried BRD, well and another editor attempted a partial rollback, and and you know an RfC, then when that that didn't work, we worked on draft material um in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high okay okay - speed chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, center, which I mean ultimately ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team so so based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have uh uh terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games the games sold over 60, 000 copies by by I mean February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer producer like for FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - - 1860) in 1832, well and following Maulsby's death, the couple couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - you you know class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English English like actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny Moneypenny um in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in New New York like City, United States; however, the brand is far far more okay famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 in 1893 he took his family with with him to the you know mines at Burjassot near Valencia, Valencia, returning the next year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which you you know was the site of abuse and executions executions of political dissidents under well Saddam Hussein and the the torture and abuse of prisoners so by members of of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: okay okay the demonym is predicated of the prophet to to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 1976 in okay Connersville, Indiana) is an American actor who is is uh perhaps best known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators Decorators and okay Designers Association in 1966 and after merging merging with the like International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening of the new arena was attended by by well over 17, 000 people, who paid up up I mean to $ 50 for tickets to to the event, including J well. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian Canadian football uh running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, in Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government government so policy documents; less impact has been noted in the the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October so so 28, 1870), also known as Ceran de well Hault de de Lassus de St. Vrain, was a major fur you know trader trader near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A like like doctrine which originates in the degradation of the um um individual whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes substitutes so economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can be represented well well by a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic acoustic version, okay a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed performed live on Giel um Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer uh uh who played in the 1930s, playing at representative level level for so England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately approximately so forty square mile town twent - four four hours a so day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through through well the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, sunshine, uh second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom you you know fighter, who played a key role during the the freedom movement, was closely well associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family family uh was first recognized by the crown during during the reign of Henry uh VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International well well Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another after another reorganization of the mission staff, staff, Rev. George Schwarz okay arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and and lobbied repeatedly you know for it: it seems seems that he was actually promised okay a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served in the the um Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major major party presidential um nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama Obama by 332 -- 206 like electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has she has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, um Sweden) Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke out in September like like 1939 Ireland was in no position to become become involved, um in fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious infectious so disease and public health community, in the the US particularly I mean their professional organizations like the the IDSA, the PIDS and I mean the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) 1615) was an okay English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) 2017) was like an American former competition swimmer, American American Olympic champion, last surviving you know Olympic champion of Berlin, Berlin, former world record - holder, okay and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match was also the last to be covered covered on so the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New New okay Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball basketball player who currently like plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, in 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 1883 like by the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in in you know West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little very little has been documented about this breed, breed, and you know they are not a recognized pure - - breed in the uh Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers and and specialist breeders you know keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his like like wife Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah Noah I mean likened Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and and recounted advice Stewart well gave him, saying, ' The most most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, uh is is a failure as businessman and has steered the the catering uh business bestowed to him by his father father to the brink so of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he however, he did not have a chance to to defend it I mean and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal the internal rate of return (IRR) or or economic rate well of return (ERR) is a rate of return return used uh in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting the resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and and sport nutrition combined um with his distinctive posing styles styles makes Kamali a sought out you know bodybuilder for for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured in many many so bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles singles titles okay on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached reached the okay final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de de um la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island supports a small population that has been been whaling okay for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth Elizabeth traps him aboard the I mean 'Black Pearl' Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January January um 2012), the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) 1978) is a Welsh television, um film, stage and voice voice actress who graduated I mean from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has polybius has been noted to be hostile to to some of so his subject material; for example, his his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and and like performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in in the you know Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership its leadership headquarters were mainly in in what became Ankole, you know believed to have been run run by the Bachwezi dynasty well in the fourteenth and and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an an you know improved version which also spread to to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional professional ice you know hockey player, who is currently playing for for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN CNN uh International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise franchise in Malta I mean which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's Alex's daughter um then wlks under the decking and Alex Alex imtandly follows I mean after a gun shot is heard when when she gets I mean down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application Less you you know Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which which is a customer like relationship management (CRM) system system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, in 1716, Scalan seminary was established established in the Highlands and I mean rebuilt in the the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was haw was born in Woodford Green in the London London okay Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid to aid him in his fight against the four four fighters, okay the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies armies made like of captured human souls (that were considred considred bad) that would so raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley okay and and Michael Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 March um um 1892 and the most recent player to be capped capped okay while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his his fifth and so final season with the Silvertips; he played played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles settles um into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the for the remainder of 2006 he divided his time time uh between the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Nationwide you know Tour, and finishing twelfth on the money money list to regain well his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and and okay may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed uh uh to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show - - so offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell spell so the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are there are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based in in Canberra, well Australia, that invented a local positioning positioning system that government, commercial like and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) 1999) like The aim is to communicate to do a a good cultural, social you know activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th 15th September 1984 like by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based based businessman I mean of Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial I I mean brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which which includes I mean a picture of her in a watchman's watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next next to uh him, feels the cat's head and grabs an an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even even um break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the the famous like 'Sutti Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station station is I mean said to be found, for for example the antenna mentioned um above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, Stockholm, is you know a Swedish singer who began singing in in Thore well Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests so so twelve were killed during the The War of Power, Power, you know due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, suspicions, she also suggests okay that there were many more more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', in 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a a bear supposedly trained by you know Heihachi Mishima; Mishima; this was explained by Paul okay having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by by Junius W like. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last whaling ship to be built at at Dundee was you know the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was you you know granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened well on on December 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, Academy, you know an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for for I mean their first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the the two star as uh Eric and Jamie, friends who set set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 9, 971 you know votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde C C. Holloway, the fourth uh - place candidate and a Republican Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical technical um institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves you know students in and around Palani Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon jenny soon dropped out of her course and and started an affair okay with a married dentist, Robert Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack Racetrack at you know Gravesend, New York until 1913, and and at Aqueduct Racetrack uh in 1959 and 1961, and and from 1918 to 1969 it okay moved to Belmont Park on on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts thoughts you know to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely conversely the like constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto the motto 'Going Down' was adopted during during the Second you know World War when operating on Hawker Hawker Typhoons over occupied like Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last uh uh player selected in the NFL draft, and it is a I I mean parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry um um Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit Nagra Nagra like as judges, and will be launching the second second okay Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to to Rod uh in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden laden boat um rammed the starboard side of the the tanker and detonated, catching uh the vessel on fire and and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - - Insaf well in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the the you know city of Long Beach, California and features features a uh collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary Western Western setting, like rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' era era so that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the like like new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but but instead you know chose to run in the newly configured 6th 6th you know district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced introduced well between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of I mean mean Trent established the national guard and sent a I mean patriotic patriotic appeal to the citizens in which they expressed the the wish uh that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and um um oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most most for strings well and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 1978 by Sachiko (Kouko) Okada, um using the name name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site the site was first documented in 1968 by by Pekka okay Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate moderate to large, acaulescent or like erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted okay okay amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him him so into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his his so insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Symphony Orchestra you know in 1948, the same year he became became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained the shipping department and in 1870 1870 renamed okay it the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned commissioned a like pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television television sitcom I mean 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was was launched, available well in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the man man so to lead and entry to Tibet might be be possible because Sir I mean Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some um um of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner peter Banner (born July -- -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is an um English professional rugby league league footballer who played in the you know 1970s, playing playing at representative level for Wales, and at club you you know level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that that it so will have some of its mobile phones phones made in India, like and that its two outsourcing outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School School of Dentistry um is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A A I mean succesful operation by Iran to to retake the Dezful - I mean Shush area after it it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a after a string of successful albums, this this was her last rock you know - oriented album album of the 1980s, before she would I mean go on to try try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was was I mean made, but the only member of the the band featured um was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand withstand pressure like from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former former like American football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided I mean mean to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has she has been married twice and has three three children um by her second husband tenor, chorus chorus master and conductor Simon like Schouten but is known known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), Vaucluse), like who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot Pingeot - uh Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the the daughter I mean of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days of the election of a Conservative government in in okay June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, Thatcher, replaced well both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - I mean pink pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, season, the club struggled um in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable remarkable comeback in uh the final weeks of the the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become so partners partners in law firms and are eligible for certain certain well judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters theaters uh and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, event, Come Out I mean With Pride 2011 and raised over over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has has worked I mean as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - - so 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, in 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was was assassinated, like however even today it is unknown who was was responsible some um point the finger at Somaza's National National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the result only says that it would be be so better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat so established the Roya Roya Film House and under this banner um produced produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are made made with um a hand plane or other method method of wood removal um and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but well well the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon Salon uh services worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence intelligence from Argentina, which I mean also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American uh uh professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and and so had been thought to be the highest highest point in Montenegro, okay but new surveys have have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is a Roman temple near the town town you know that was called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya Libbaya that was so classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' I mean mean Ioannou / Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Mariora uh Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower lower the voting so age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the to the south - east is to be found found the uh sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay bay its so name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry owned owned by uh Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale so to attack attack his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a after a good season in which Kukësi were crowned crowned so Albanian Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli Musolli received well a call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat seat Royal well Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West West End at okay the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre Theatre for a limited like 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 1372 well AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was like later later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the first first so he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed killed uh one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George Duncan, like like and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the the well implied Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion uh which which can be used to advance your so position in in discussion about the topics directly or indirectly um related to to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy energy well - based holding company, based in Cayce, South South Carolina, whose businesses well include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when the boys discover that the dolls are not authentic authentic okay but cheap knock - offs (as the boys originally uh uh suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz Gesetz der well Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; Series'; never translated into you know English ), in which which he recounted 100 or so um anecdotes of coincidences coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American um um rock band Tommy James and the Shondells and first first so recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a as a Muslim, he worked as the the Secretary like General in the Myanmar Islam Religious Religious Council until his I mean passing away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German German so Cross in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 1943 uh around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the events of the previous games, the magical magical land um of Gensokyo is once again at peace until yōkai yōkai begin um to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 112 heavy okay cavalry, and a similar number of of infantry, from you know which around 1000 cavalry and 400 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by well Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first Sanacja government was formed during the the May 1926 well constitutional reforms of the Second Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State State from 1978 like - 1981 during this time he was was a starter for the so 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South South Somerset, like which was formed on 1 April April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from from well 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, for a Jewish Jewish Christian sect apparently um centered in the areas of Coele Coele - Syria, Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually virtually simultaneously in the you know Judean Hills in front of Nablus Nablus and at like crossings of the Jordan River as well well as attacking uh the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also served Joint Editor in the biggest um daily daily Urdu daily Jang and at present working as as you know columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, uh uh enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is testour is a small town located in the north north uh of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Medjerda Valley, okay 20 km (12 miles) south - west west of Medjez - um el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank used used I mean by the Army of the Soviet Union Union during World War II. It I mean replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on on the well railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible possible wheel well impact conditions are flawed in the sense sense that these so sensors would not be able to to distinguished between well vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the like like primary songwriter, lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Dead Stars I mean On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in in well your face stlye, it has divided audieces and and critics, but has like succesfully found a cult audience audience in the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy this analogy is used to to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The The local governmental offices okay are reside in Batam Centre, biggest biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who who in I mean 2004 coined the term 'Female - - Led' in um her writings and also began to advance advance the terminology you know to describe her approach to an intentional intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used I I mean by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the on the night of 30/31 May, the the sector of the well line the pioneers were digging digging under was subjected to I mean a heavy artillery artillery bombardment, followed by a trench um raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - - time strategy and so role - playing video game game created by German game well developers Phenomic as as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to well the the boat but are discovered half way down; well they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as a general and and like was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in theatre before before moving you know to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from like like others in the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, and uh uh species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in okay biological biological organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' in in so engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is secondary, secondary, like such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this well has has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was wBT was the number one station in in Charlotte okay for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder murder I mean of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second asecond area of wind divergence aloft aloft occurs like ahead of embedded shortwave troughs, troughs, which are of uh smft within the troposphere below, which which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a I I mean plan to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman Born: Born: , so in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had had learnt the traditional I mean Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect in the case was arrested almost two I mean mean years later; police have said others were involved involved in what uh they consider a murder for for hire motivated by Markel's um bitter divorce from from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press cRC Press Yeast breads often take hours hours to rise, okay and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there initially there was no specific specific way to reverse the anticoagulant you know effect of dabigatran dabigatran in the event of a major like bleeding event, unlike unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television atelevision role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger 'Larger Than um Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, 202, but so the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac so so La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the okay silver silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is is a species okay of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is okay okay shown to have feelings and emotions, she is is so killed by Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes of of so direction in the line as it jogs its its way okay toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to well well the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the in the subsequent Serie A campaign, he he guided Palermo um to sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup Cup you know qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro uh uh high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which which appeared um in the reign of Theodosius I, as as the work of like the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired from playing in 1952 and um ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour um um instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also also voiced a so variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and and 'Katha O uh Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two uh sons, sons, Mr. T and Pain played football at Brown University University and I mean Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie Jessie like was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his his so peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is it is clear that the Nazis Nazis were intent in removing um everything of value value from their victims, and like often went further than the the memo itself; hair, for like example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of of you know Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 in 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the the uh daughter of a well - to - do family, like like and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, Camacho, was well a knife salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed claimed okay to have sold Simpson a 15 - inch inch (380 I mean mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated she graduated from the University of Lovanium Lovanium and holds uh a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season in Season 4 she tries to interrogate a a suspect you know for the first time time and concedes that the interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus um um status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in diplomatic diplomatic uh work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not not you know show the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in in AC / okay DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical ethical traditions like and religions) to defuse just such deep deep ystems like always impose trained judges who are presumed to to have an ethical so relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East Valley is a growing area of the Greater Phoenix Phoenix so region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, uh uh Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid okay okay found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor the Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the the Red Shirt well leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, crimes, while supporting the okay approach of the command of the the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University University of well Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Dickson Allen like Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition to get into bookstores is um extreme, and the the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, career, uh tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for for the Study you know of Government in Scotland at the the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, the club, formed in 1993 by by Syriac immigrants arriving uh from Turkey has advanced through through the league system and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring spring semesters and so fortnightly during the two summer summer semester blocks and typically runs I mean with two sections, sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 2000 And well in the 40's she began to acquire acquire valuable experience as uh a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD NYPD bomb uh squad robot, with the robot placing it it in a okay 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber chamber hitched to a like police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he um opened his his studio and worked mainly as a portrait like like artist, later enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of okay his his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in well well the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), like is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is like to to build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore uh uh with the development of family - focused initiatives I mean and and programmes to strengthen family bonds and like support working families families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, Bethesda, Maryland, well his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his you you know first IRL start in 2001 and was the well Co Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another another Republican, I mean James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was it was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges Hodges and okay Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by by Kroeger uh and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness like like of sustained first - person perspective in film as as you know a reason for its absence from filmed filmed dream sequences so (Walters, James. Chapter 2 chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old old manager an so easy ride and let him add to the the three uh title success he had managed them to to in um his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed dismissed such talk well and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is mVaaS is often used to address the challenges challenges I mean of managing distributed video systems across multiple multiple locations and to okay reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat they eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while well Laura Laura marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery artillery uh and trucks, in many cases the division made made use of okay captured French vehicles that had been been salvaged and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in in so eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant meant the um former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon venancio Bacon was among the first members of of the okay Doce Pares Club, and a few months later like left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of of so the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city city I mean of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( ( Irish 'Ollscoil I mean na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans drew drew okay 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 28 well April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 okay okay -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April April 1970 like ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang well well Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to one one so year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Historic okay Preservation Commission approved nomination of the building for the the National like Register of Historic Places has begun, begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided decided to I mean reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed well well in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 well loyalists loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen chosen as um the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, however, when she realizes I mean that she is pregnant with with her second child, she is okay forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as as so well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men were also principals with major responsibilities responsibilities at RailAmerica well as well, although the ownership ownership of FEC and RailAmerica well were not linked corporately, corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica I mean as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town town mansions okay of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat so in in Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close uh uh to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Party, like Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings rulings during well the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year - I I mean old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international international you know footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football for for Port Lions like F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and I mean mean if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid amid um a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team so of of FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded expanded so in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically uh uh unified estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 in 1995 he assumed the role of of General Manager of uh the UIC and went on on to publish several books, you know including 'Responsible Dominion -- a a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced like and and available in the United States, while the the GZ125 is well available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all like like of Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island of of you know Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third insect to to uh have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the the uh country on many international visits. Now days she is is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the the Navitilevu uh Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist the Protectionist minority government fell in in November 1908 to Labour led um by Andrew Fisher, while while the Labour minority government fell in June so 1909 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a like Best Actress Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an I I mean archetype directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna Madonna And okay Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school school at well Duke University where he was the first Duke basketball well player player to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic artistic devices, and um most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of of the um most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot uh in Newtownabbey Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was like like set alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was was started so more than 100 years back providing providing education up to 7th you know grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies it flies in small flock, comprising 6 - - 8 I mean individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 2004 so WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost I mean to to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is the okay worst worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes to Alma's house and finds out through his his okay mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her her wrists and even okay wrote a suicide note, saying saying that if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East London Line closed on 22 December December 2007 and so reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; label; so his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came came um up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American American hip like hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone everyone will get I mean killed if he does so, Andy Andy puts the final piece um of on rock, which which then falls into the portal, which like like begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs MPs you know to break party ranks and vote against the the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism okay Act, arguing that it violated traditional traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United States States Marines in okay the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact eye contact and facial expressions provide important important social and emotional so information; people, perhaps without without consciously doing so, probe each other's I mean eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, water, the like coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport transport you know vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the the United States during you know prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, download, OpenSearchServer was well developed under the GPL v3 v3 license and offers a series of full you know text text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds so -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped at at I mean this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to okay okay be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used used so in the Sundanese music of West Java usually played okay by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet each other and I mean mean agree to call each other after they both wake up up you know to see if they were both really really there and you know then Tyler uses uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, like like as the three main bearing engine was liable to I mean crankshaft crankshaft failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; rpm; superchargers okay allowed a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number number you know has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of the land origianlly deeded for the the new campus okay was sold and developed with homes, homes, but in 1949 like Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one one of you know the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is it is based on the 2010 book uh uh of the same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial uh uh crisis of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining after joining the group, Head's lobbying led to to increased I mean recognition for survivors, and she she successfully negotiated that they be um given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see uh below), below), since 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel panel so member on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which which covers the uh Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 1500 yards from um Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes what makes the Karstedt catalyst unique unique is well the vinyl - siloxane as a starting reagent, with with a I mean platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe okay she she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the the Pioneer Museum, uh which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also provides a platform for consensus - building and well networking networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, you know CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare rare I mean but possibly provided variable gene functions like like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended uh uh Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', aNovel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and sebastian and and the Negro well Magician' while his short stories have been been published in a okay number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, and and Mr. Bennet uh explains that her that Chandra has has a like list with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, Columbus, Georgia, so was established on November 29, 1930, by the Columbus Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, well well making 51 appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 2005 he I mean was a key member of the promotion winning winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to to Girls so 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped helped penning the lyrics uh for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the Canton Canton I mean of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady Lady of the um Hermits, that title being derived from the the circumstances of uh its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of of North I mean Garo Hills District in the the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's the album's iconic cover image of of the jack of um diamonds playing card card being shredded by a bullet is used in okay the the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources sources uh (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are are no convenient, constant um current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the the release of 'Out uh of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained classically trained he is a graduate of the the you know Royal Scottish Academy of Music & Drama Drama he won a Laurence you know Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 he returned to London, having made no well well profit with the exception of the sale of his his farm okay for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out out of humour' like when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons 'Dungeons I mean & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal Terminal well and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - - scale you know catering services. And in and in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition Spencer though that as all institutions okay grew grew they become evermore corrupted by the influence of power power you know and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a uh uh Croatian footballer who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services services group that okay is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Stock Exchange (JSE) uh and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to due to the fact Hachijō - jima jima is you know a volcanic island there are a a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, Offspring, the uh son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab like like Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the the you know court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend the Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- I mean 10 March March 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a a synthesizer well manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing like like and communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and and develops you know marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was aware of how different the two tracks tracks were like and that it would be 'exciting' to to visit the you know city for the first time time and his team wanted I mean to maximise maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given to to the I mean antelope mainly due to its great size, but it it okay is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence was found that the design was was submitted to like the RLM but it was the the design of you know Walter Günter with his engineers Eichner Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended attended uh the University of Evansville where he received a a Bachelor um of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe tribe who gained like the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is pintados is the term used by Spanish Spanish colonists to so describe the tattooed bodies of the people residing residing well in the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league league player like for Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on on loan I mean for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used so. Where Where end where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with with the uh mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Homeric so Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced in August 2006, this version is based based on well a different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king king so soon tired of the long journey and was was bored so and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - so so Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the well service service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, Internet, you know online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible possible to hold real so - time audio and video video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the city city well of Breslau to be a fortress ( ( 'festung' ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the if the official or permitted person was the the plaintiff um the action was begun via an attachment of of privilege; um if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned tuned um like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events well occurring occurring in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under under I mean Teuta attacking the city as part of the the Illyrian um Conquests took place in Spring 229 BC between between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian okay okay darts player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) is is a uh Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO CEO of the I mean Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier tier okay arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch 'Polnisch Neudorf' well that was used before the year 1914 notable is is that the um name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is he is influenced by house, UK garage, garage, R&B and the old so skool rave / jungle jungle techno sound and releases his um music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all all the dialects I mean in the Guangdong (Canton) province, province, and the Cantonese spoken in okay Guangzhou (Canton) are are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on on 1 July 1876, you know and worked first as a school school teacher in Maryborough and so Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, his father, an economist and broadcaster broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left you know Germany in January 1933, and and seven months old, John and his okay mother arrived arrived in England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, West, so North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North North lines, you know and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of of October um 2013, serves as the president of the the Richmond um Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), uh uh the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became became okay the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the the town I mean was abandoned around 1889, at which which time he okay left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he like was working working at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting accounting uh was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was sharman was raised in the rural city of well well Porterville, California and is mostly known for his time with with uh the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Bob Cousy in so what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt I I mean under Amasis II. This brief period of Egyptian domination domination left you know its influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, sculpture, where so the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with Search Search okay for a Star (Launched as a joint project project so with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent uh contest in in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the today, the mine remains open for tourists, tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter matter what like the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has a a degree from well Boston College, and won a full scholarship scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is well well a cave chamber full of water at less than than atmospheric pressure uh which is formed when the water water level drops and there like is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 26, like 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, Storey, a white you know Boston attorney who later went went on to become president um of the American Bar Bar Association (ABA) and founding president well of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find find okay a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't doesn't need one; so however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for many years, I I mean silver was discovered in the local mountains in in 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, Vallenar, well Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, a run down the hill would would consist of like straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp sharp turns to you know the complementary angle, as if if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was rich and Sara was very poor poor with uh no father (daddy) around her and so her her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura Majura is well part of Canberra Nature Park and and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming assuming sovereignty so over Hong Kong and Macau, as the the physical okay land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand stand used to uh be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and and was reported um to be in fair health in 2008, 2008, um at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase purchase FirstMerit, uh subject to regulatory approval, in a a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 in 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Royal Swedish Opera received you know an order to sew sew a number of Russian military uniforms that so later were were used in an exchange of gunfire okay at Puumala, a Swedish Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses evening courses are offered through continuing continuing education in both like credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform well their way way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order order of okay Fatih Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - - 1471, uh on the site of the former Byzantine Byzantine Church of uh the Holy Apostles, whose ruins served as a um quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he he you know is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, Judges, the you know Israelites again turned away from God after 40 40 years of peace you know brought by Deborah's victory over over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen I I mean to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, ransom, which um they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to to Curtis's character so and 'hitting below the belt,' and and Curtis told Mr like. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 um um colours but the resolution could go up to 1024 1024 you know × 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color color depth), um additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, but during the the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic comic strip by writer Fred you know Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling wrestling uh pay - per - view (PPV) event event produced by Extreme you know Championship Wrestling (ECW) (ECW) that took place on March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore the ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased it purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) WT) in 2005 like and the then Peninsular and Oriental Oriental Steam Navigation um Company (P&O) of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys it preys on insects, spiders and lizards lizards that so become ensnared in its web, killing them with with its venom so before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his his uh opponent may clip the referee -- while a a well wrestler would probably only be knocked back okay in in this situation, the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses uses so as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to send send strong um seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the the ground, allowing it well to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity creativity um and patriotic values, and that is why they are are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian Indian uh international cricketer who plays for Baroda in in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film the film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol Nicol and well Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of of Glasgow okay gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics aerobics studio, meeting I mean rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought kenna fought for the Southern Area title title once more so against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an well well Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria la Gloria is a municipality of the Department okay okay of Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi you know know was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that you know massacred massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but but his contributions helped define I mean the field field of American paleontology; he was a prodigious okay writer, with 1, 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, uh although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which meant meant okay that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, album, which is, well 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion conclusion and inauguration you know from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de de Talavera y Garcés, fourth I mean bishop of of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to to TMNT or Ninja like Turtles) are a team of of four teenage anthropomorphic so turtles, named after four Renaissance Renaissance Italian artists, who were okay trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and and the you know tallest commercial building building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands on uh the the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a a like design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs belongs you know to his descendant Cayetana Fitz Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, records, court so litigations and tax sales -- -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Cobra Commander and Serpentor well and took them to their their hidden headquarters to try Cobra okay Commander for his his failure, and put I mean Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu the Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team team okay to sign an American player when they they signed former major I mean league pitcher Glenn Mickens Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had uh played in 1958 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, in 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl Bowl XXXIV well in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked worked you know as a maid, and cooked Southern - - style meals so for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be okay okay the third - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it it can you know be reached by land) structure structure in the world, but there are like nomonolithic rock is is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study study symphonic okay orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their though their pelagic distribution and movements are are not well you know known, they are regularly seen around around the islands uh as well as in the upwelling zone zone in Senegalese uh waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade the carronade was designed as a short - range range like naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, velocity, and is said like to have been invented by by Lieutenant General Robert Melville um in 1759 and developed developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following following year, well the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops he stops a riot on the way way between a number well of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March 2011, when asked if he was was well the rightful heir, Idris said a family council council would well decide who would be king, not an an heir, and that his you know father had passed passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station the station shared studio space and staff with with its sister uh station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, like like until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles roles for the you know stage, including Juliet in Romeo and and Juliet she shot to prominence uh as the the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season um 5 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday Saturday with a 1: um 19. 495 and took his sixth pole pole position of the so season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian with Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to to the Habsburg Monarchy, so it was devastated several several times during the Thirty Years' so War and conquered conquered in the Silesian wars of King like Frederick II of of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' um um ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it it has mixed elements of uh Cebuano and Surigaonon, and and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest so of North North America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and uh uh led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London London on 13 you know June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran he ran twice for Governor Governor of Minnesota, but lost the so DFL endorsement to John John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band Nangma just toured the United States in in April 2006, I mean playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala well state, state, south India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence so so in Business Award in the non-profit category as presented presented by like The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom or or Breda okay but at the same time he had worked worked up a ruse uh - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, to which she she so agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, um um North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian descent, descent, well he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 1880 you know to 1927 was called the Nevada Nevada - California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as as you know a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in um um Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she she um is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that that like is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring power Ring is the name of several DC DC Comics okay supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of of hemoglobin, um the red pigment in blood, but are also found found in um a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part well of of a collection of dances in a piece entitled like 'Food 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des well well Moines and the elder brother of travel writer Bill well Bryson Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born born & okay bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, uh Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the the so premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build build a um new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly Assembly until I mean the new Secretariat building was opened in in 2010, okay but shortly afterwards it was again moved moved back like to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) 1981) is a Canadian so professional ice hockey forward who who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a player, he was said to be um very very smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a I mean serious serious case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything like stronger stronger than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member of the board of Amnesty International USA at at the okay end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed claimed that Amnesty International I mean USA acted in ways ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate like like arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - I mean mean use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any any other intervention you know in America, however, it should be be noted that like often Drug courts are the only only avenue for entry into like treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter anne Pedersdotter was born in the city city of Trondheim as the okay daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his like like plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of of the KGB, so however, in the novelisation by Christopher Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a um Canadian Canadian professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Hearts, the women's provincial like curling championship for the Northwest Northwest Territories and Yukon, will be held from so so January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his letters he continually launched into recrimination recrimination uh and abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, further, bespattering with like mud the whole French army, and and even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his during his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning morning train one day well from Twickenham to his office in in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell well into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and and um secondary, bisected by the entrance road and connected connected via an uh underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than okay in in other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit they hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage damage from the you know hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly commonly used to identify you know a younger male or or female that an older individual uh was interested in talking talking to, dating, or a younger person so one needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either either the like English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian Italian word 'trinità' and like expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded founded by David H you know. McConnell in 1886 is a a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, gun, um even though she is never seen using it, it, and was removed uh in the PS2 adaption adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high high I mean school, and soon after booked her first two two jobs okay in one day, a cameo in the Academy Academy Award like winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 1946 in so Holstein and sent to Camp Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland you know in August August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent sent to like a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established a a sheep so station in the Monaro, New South Wales Wales district, I mean was a successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique okay okay Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and video from the the I mean officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward the the officer um with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of well Events', Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from the so British public public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is also the author of over 20 well books books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the um venue's venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day every day he leaves the house, the same same for well walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by I mean mean him and he confronts her about the engagement telling telling you know her that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and and a pro-British you know prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was was in place okay until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official video premiered on her official website on you know know 23 November and then went to all uh UK music music channels, the video is black and white uh and and sees Ferguson singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, Berwyn, I mean Illinois, the events were held in the the Berwyn Eagles Club you know there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put put the I mean basis of an interesting experiment in in football, called 'Morisca' okay (The Hand - Mill), in in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical medical uh attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as the the you know evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to to Penn um Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, Bermudian, probably well Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 1806 to Grand so Turk, which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a so so Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding officer officer so of HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as as like Second - in - Command of the 3rd 3rd Battle Squadron like from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, County, Minnesota, United uh States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts private Parts drew favorable comparisons to to Lenny Bruce and his okay book 'How to Talk Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it was you know also also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press well Broadcasting Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS you know (UHF (UHF channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and you you know that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results this results is anhydrous cooking, which is I I mean able to cook vegetables using the water inside the the vegetables without you know any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was known for its brickyards, some early ones ones uh were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - off off I mean single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and named named you know by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October in October 2006, a new campus opened in in Khalifa City, uh Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing showing the well volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or or location um in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in in the design so of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's uh tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to to so work for her on missions other A. R R. G you know. U. S. U. S. Agents are are unwilling to perform and I mean tries to have Starling City City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to uh contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver riot took place two days after after the Bellingham riot, on I mean September 7 and 8, 8, in response to anti-Asian activists becoming you you know concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) France) is you know a French former boxer who won the bronze bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized like a a research team to conduct a detailed case study so so on her, and in May 1971 headed a okay team of of Children's Hospital scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive defensive positions so in North Sydney including beach defences to to respond to possible Japanese so landings at Manly, Freshwater Freshwater Beach, and Greta, you know where it concentrated with the the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports in in you know the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach peach. It is it is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band Band of well Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an as an international he played five times for for Ireland before so it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 23, 2001), born well Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he you you know became the subject of controversy when a secret secret 2005 well recording surfaced of him and presidential candidate candidate Donald Trump having uh a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he he I mean wishes to marry the princess, but she she laughs and uh tells him that a poor poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more off off I mean - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted adevoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin Stradlin finished writing so the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran um um ) was the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the the majority of you know the town late Monday evening evening after an earlier battle between Government um troops and DKBA forces, forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year uh in in the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and and I mean by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical um um perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade of the 1980s in film saw so so the return of studio - driven pictures, coming uh from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military amilitary team there have discovered an alien alien pod; like while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at at 24 well Saville Row which gained a first place WAN WAN Facade Award okay in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve sleeve white pullover um sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word word 'Aspen' in green so letters, printed on the bottom bottom front of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to okay okay be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, there, which was also used like by other Residents and and Governors, and so it became known well as Government Government Hill until it was renamed Fort uh Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau Cakobau (1908 - 1973) was um a Fijian chief chief and statesman, who played a major role so in Fijian politics politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits a a bearded so man in a black suit jacket with white lining, lining, who so informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge ahuge black cat opened the cask, and and Shippeitaro killed like it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause of SLE is not clear: it um um is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record this record too received very positive positive reviews, well but it failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio okay is is approximately 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the like greater greater number of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made so so 3/2 favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the the race I mean with a fever and won won by two lengths from Star Standard, uh giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie Eddie um Guerrero during his last heel run and um feud feud with Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who you know know played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing playing at representative well level for England, and Yorkshire, and and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and and the Father of Hollywood, so built the first brick block building building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association so (LAAFTA) (LAAFTA) was founded in May 2001 to provide a forum forum um and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese the Japanese government claimed claimed that this control included all um the rights and and privileges granted to Russia by China like in the Li - - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as so enlarged by the the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which you know included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Broadcasting well Corporation, while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Broadcasting Company, both well were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, in 1921, he ordered the murders of his his nephew's okay wife, mother, and two sisters - in in - law you know to gain control of of their oil rights, and then had well killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that at that time, due to distributor and and other matters beyond the I mean group's control, these two two releases failed to get sufficient airplay um and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was um um just short of 100, 000, but it would you know know not be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this time, the town consisted of only one um whiskey and and drug store, and the population okay consisted mostly of railroad railroad workers, but this store was later you know joined joined by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the the um chest; they then strangled Sharer with a a rope until you know she was unconscious, placed her in in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel um um Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin basin um located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA MA 1st I mean Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, in 2015, CAP released a partial list of of its donors, I mean which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned returned shortly after uh the theft; the second theft occurred occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall um in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the the Arkansas Sports um Hall of Fame in 1976, and and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran veteran um artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four four years so later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 um - - 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on on 26 like September 2010, and scored his first goal goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return return the like ring, but is dismayed when he finds out out that so Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of of a uh 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family starring I I mean Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the school school well year of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced introduced Karatedo like as a sport in school and a a regular um P. E. Subject to all pupils and presently presently he is um the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is referred to as a large keelson is actually actually a well 7. 5m long mast - step timber timber made so of oak which doubles the axial frame frame and the you know stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 from 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and and I mean by 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing the opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy Jimmy was like a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included well well in the release; these are short - form form pop songs featuring you know lead vocals by by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility facility you know that is a member institution of the the Sydney College of so Divinity, delivers theological studies at at both undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications I mean and prepares students students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City forest City has various museums, ranging from from the Rutherford like County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at isolated at work too, she shuts herself herself up in well their apartment, and becomes a slave of her her own okay paranoid fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation the coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in in Tongan society; so the president oversees this and and the would be okay king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick for all all you know the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the the stick so controlled the upper body movements, while bigger bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much much - you know improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed showed that the maximum um amount of energy they could produce would be be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver james Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is is an English I mean footballer who plays for Football Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town as a uh striker and and has represented England at U17, U19 um and under 21 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight I mean mean operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on on 8 uh January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward the steward had thought that the the harsh sentence would so frighten the peasants but quite quite the opposite was true well - over the next year they they secretly prepared for war, I mean recruiting one man man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' well long - - range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 34 uh minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located so so from the Sea of Galilee at a height of I mean mean above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory Laboratory from well 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized reorganized the lab you know as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled uh uh by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and um um the Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of of Valois um in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in in the Pennsylvania okay state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold Arnold on Quebec; taken uh prisoner during the ill - - fated attempt to storm um the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, 1829, so daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 I mean -- 1896) was the grandmother of of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop pop group, um founded in 1963 in North London, best best known for their uh chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe Europe - these okay dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into into I mean the CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping proping Gus uh to warn them to no avail, after after Beavis moons well the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of the charter movement filed an an appeal with the Contra Costa uh County Board of of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term I mean mean in 1881 and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated okay okay state legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most black black voters, a well situation that persisted into the 1960s 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, uh because because of his desire to unite all all you know know Slavs in one Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until until his so death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in the so so ITV comedy drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which you you know also starred Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference conference voted to you know condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and and called for UCU well members to reject the proposal and and continue to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) Meranie,) was I mean created during the German Empire time time. It is also called uh the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by by DJing and okay was featured as a cover cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama Panama that uh encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that that 50 okay % of the oil had been contained contained and uh that the slick had been removed from about about 95 % so of Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which you you know sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are are called so complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw saw very I mean limited distribution (only 13 copies), copies), and from 2004 to well 2007, Sons Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent okay with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with with Mussolini, I mean who announced that his objective was the the capture of the entire country I mean and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was he was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', Remembrancer', but I mean withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there however, there have been some discrepancies with the the use so of this method including differences in observations when when using you know single and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director director of the so FOX series 'The O. C.' She She had a six uh - episode recurring role as Holly Holly Fischer in the okay first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant well (ISIL) (ISIL) and other extremists tend to view the peacock angel angel as well the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age well - - restricted retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, um Florida, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais so so Butts Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are they are often used by open source projects and and uh other multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- -- December like 27, 1995) was a Major League League Baseball pitcher for you know the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is it is necessary to collect from 300, 000 000 you know to 315, 000 signatures for the admission admission to the elections, um in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland well senior squad for for the first time in May 2007 for an I I mean end of season tour to the United States okay okay and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama Osama bin Laden's I mean stronghold at Tora Bora, al - - Turkistani was among the okay local defenders; after the the battle's end, he fled to uh Pakistan, where he was was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of you you know various types and models for fixed - - route service, and over you know 2, 000 vans and cabs cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing service like in New New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built uh during during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, like it it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' Blues' and so was released just before Christmas on on the 18th December 2006 um on limited 7' vinyl vinyl and download from iTunes UK, although okay it was was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon so characterised characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, feathers, abnormaly um more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the the you know following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer producer and um Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 uh uh but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring scoring with like 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red red and green, and for I mean Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the season she had a strong fondness for for Jessie, so sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building uh uh in downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of um um Appeal, the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of Salvation Salvation um Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out out to be not so only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into into the porch I mean of the present church, and and the church is uh famous for being one of of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the the above I mean list, but one source estimates the population population at only okay 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on well agriculture agriculture and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; um um however, this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because I mean of the the sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space space well - based experiment to test the theory so so of general relativity, performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision to accept most of the proposed changes I I mean was headlined in newspapers across the United States, as as for I mean example on page 1 of the the 'Davenport Daily so Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album an album of the same name was was also um released following the song's success, which was was also quite um successful as was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play um um home games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other gods however sensed the plot and held held off from um eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops Pelops back so to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could could have like lead if they got married, however however the realism influence on so the story shows how how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created the name in 1999 for the the purpose of like playing incognito solo shows in Perth, Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because um it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began training in 1962 at the age of of eleven like at the National Ballet School of Canada, Canada, for seven years you know and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box well well in their late grandfather's attic and brought it to the the attention well of a local reporter, whose TV news report on on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation reincarnation I mean is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this this includes: so reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely um um to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came to dance relatively late in life, so however, his his talent led to rapid promotion, and okay in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a a South Australian politician, representing okay the seat of Frome Frome in the South Australian House of I mean Assembly as an an Independent, after a shock win at the you you know 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is he is a hypnotist and also an an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn unborn okay spirit within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but but the curse um tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is you know know a county located in the Central Valley um of of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death thigpen's death also led to a four - year year hiatus of I mean 'Bear in the the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna like like under the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus Chorus um Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - well well gee' ) was a program devised by the CIA in early early I mean 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June 24, 24, well 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved moved several okay more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia Philadelphia by a okay creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is is running against Toni um Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground floor I I mean and sadly the rest of the house became became so little more than a ruin - until until in 1986 um Cornelia Bayley (the present owner) bought Plas Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around around 1685 okay were in part a reunification of the the old La Tama uh chiefdom, but they also had a large large population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine the magazine was published on a like bi-monthly bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, struck, you know resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions munitions and POL. Vang well Pao now regained the the confidence in air power that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands Hoop Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently is Writer - in - Residence Residence well at Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where Where you know he teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news news coverage, while okay continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was one of the founders of Taki Rua you you know Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented presented bi-cultural works like and saw the emergence of award award winning Maori um theatre particularly in the the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the during the fight, Ryu notices that Shun Shun also possesses well the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance chance to crush well Shun (literally), Ryu steps in in to stop the fight, the uh fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet rené Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is is a Canadian like retired ice hockey player who who played in the National well Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the during the period from 1988 to to 1994, Benfica okay made a huge financial investment in an an effort to win I mean another European Cup, reaching two European European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had bernardt had been told her mother mother would not attend, okay and she performed her first first scenes admirably, Then, much you know to her surprise, her her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in well the audience, and Sarah Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were too too late well to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age of okay 21 21 in the early 1990s, where he did his his formal training okay at the Rubin Academy of Music Music and Dance in you know Jerusalem receiving receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both with both ends of the road completely completely flooded, the group prepares so to spend the night; night; however, they quickly find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section section of so Portland; master control operations for both KPTV KPTV and KPDX are located you know at Meredith's West Coast Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an well arc arc from the inside to the outside of of the well body, the back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi the Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality formality 'Tunceli', Turkey uh ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) um um disk galaxy and one of the uh largest spiral galaxies galaxies currently known, at approximately 650, 000 light um years across, across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the diamond diamond well industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and became like like a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for you you know the Galaxy formed after a loss in the the 2001 MLS Cup, like when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman Hartman challenged so a group of Galaxy fans to form a a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the air air well into the water; the air is compressed compressed by surrounding so water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military military like said that the conclusion can be known to to Shinozaki himself, okay and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has he has done a few television commercials commercials for popular brands like's well 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story story because I mean her grandmother is dying and and she feels like she is I mean killing her because because the fairy godmother finally found a well replacement replacement and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black um (141, (141, 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total okay okay population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous avigorous English - speaking middle class was was now the you know dominant cultural force; a number of its its members were influenced by well political or cultural nationalism, and some some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of so so Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and services you you know were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, markets, like a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of of St Bartholomew I mean this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky, well where the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, O'Bryan, so who attended St. Xavier High School, and okay Maggie Maggie Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a uh uh candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is is I mean currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the standard of technical engineering at the the Wall increased I mean and this particular escape escape route became less and less uh important, other means means of leaving the GDR were used more uh often, for for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della I mean mean Vittoria, which was celebrated on the first Sunday Sunday of October well for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he however, he switched to to union and made his debut for so France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, Portland, where captain uh Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers well well and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one one of two LGBT um members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has well been used as as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft SQL I mean Server 2005 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy glitchy loops' before like transitioning into the next track, a Phil Phil Collins cover from you know his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core core design, um the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is is okay named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to I mean test, the the popularity of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the well tournament and later reached reached a career high I mean of world no. Nine of the the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of of carbon so capture that removes carbon dioxide from from ambient air, as you know opposed to removing CO 2 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is there is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue rescue you know and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs option ARMs are popular because they they are usually offered so with a very low initial interest interest rate ( a well so - called 'teaser rate' rate' ) and a low minimum payment, uh which permits borrowers borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy I I mean was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, 3, okay 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival festival you know of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist aprotectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus nucleus of scholars so and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando well II obliged those who who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of so both both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great so so number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of of 1990 like as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win win the I mean Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct location for docking for GSP is I mean after after the caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough enough tail okay to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for for so defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed formed from okay cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and and it I mean consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) 2006) okay was an English children's author born in 1920 and and brought um up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then the then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for for privatisation in the okay 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' okay (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical medical faculty of well Leiden University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site the site of Faillouox is steeped in five five centuries so of history and the first recorded recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the the city I mean of San Diego, California, on the Fort Fort Rosecrans Military well Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original the original Island Gardens DLR station was was opened in you know 1987 as the southern terminus of of the DLR's initial I mean system, and was an elevated terminal terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June like like 1861, and the French had began to report that junks um um from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 after 22 years since their breakup, breakup, MAXX officially returned to okay live performing in Spring 2017 2017 with original you know lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of most of these errors have been fixed fixed in a new so enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Genesis Collection for Xbox okay 360 and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, the Empire, already pushed to the brink brink of I mean collapse as a result of the war, is is undermanned and struggles to uh protect the villages, and if the the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and and metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became the children's editor for the 'News 'News Chronicle', and you know from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to well well reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot okay would would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their their like location, the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, he traveled westward in the company company of so Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the the U. S you know. Government, and returned to a studio studio he had taken like at the Tenth Street Studio Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result lTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for for well an action potential, and so the spike is is typically crowned by you know a burst of two to to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount the Fairmount Line is undergoing a major major rehabilitation that includes so the construction of of four new stations in Boston, while you know work on on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is well in in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was was um born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village village in like the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight fight uh homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided with so the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met in the the well 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner winner you know of that series becoming the National League League you know champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing doing enough, well so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University University um with two degrees at age 19, and then then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs in 1987, the the I mean '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the the you know Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' uh (1962) involved the artist hacking a a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', 'Origin', uh though a single line hinted at such a conclusion: conclusion: I mean 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone marky Ramone is the only living member of of the longest like - running Ramones line - up, up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and so a a language in and of itself', while lead lead well editor Naomi Zeichner went on to compare the the album to the well work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can easily find lots of people of this village uh uh near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent extent you can say uh that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home okay to to KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the the United okay States Attorney for the Eastern District of of Michigan, won a 23 um - count indictment indictment charging Fata with health care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team team I mean to score 100 points against another another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) in well 1968 and Georgia Georgia Tech is the only Division I team well well to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call call okay from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the the Guardians I mean of the Galaxy on a nearby nearby Kree planet, um where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural natural substances such as okay plant alkaloids and primarily used used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - to to you know - do dental surgeon and a housewife, housewife, Neila's mother's name was you know Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater freshwater characins found uh in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart Stuttgart in the I mean German second tier league during the January January transfer okay window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are you you know now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks Tanks still existing like among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the you you know url parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter parameter so and any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track you you know & field teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, Stadium, and um the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is it is over 100 million km in diameter, diameter, it I mean is almost the same size as as HIP 110703, but don't get confused I mean with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in uh uh the Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he he became well a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of of the United I mean States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more episodes episodes um and air the original Dragonball anime and and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th 10th um February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate estate from like 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened its I I mean doors to its first batch of students pursuing pursuing Degree well programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states states of like consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of of music, frequently um rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, engineer, and rumors you know developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 16, you know 1979 as the last Persian monarch and and in the like resulting power vacuum two weeks later later Ayatollah Khomeini returned I mean to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and articles articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, Center, okay called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season season well a half helping to keep the club in the the Championship with well a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th 5th Baron West um KB KG (c. 1457 -- -- 10 October 1525) was the um oldest son of Richard Richard West, 7th Baron De well La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio community however however I mean by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the end of the 19th century gold gold miners okay were trickling in on rumours of gold, gold, driving a population okay increase justifying the setting up of a a police force, uh just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, politician, okay has been a National Party member of of the so Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 2000 in Paris like and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws Laws (LL I mean. M.) program m.) program with concentrations concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests the crests may also be positioned in in a I mean key item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests crests well correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Presbyterian Church of Scotland uh and his deep religious convictions informed his work, there there is I mean a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March okay okay 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves well well - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his uh way way to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he you know met met a resistance of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, Cuesta, so deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to the World Bank, Russia has um um experienced a period of strong economic growth during the the 2000s, like however, by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium okay in in Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to I I mean the Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Savannah, well Georgia) is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff went through many changes during those those years, with uh Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 million million square well kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one one - third like the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days Days um in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for for a um sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species species of jack uh mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- okay okay 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled in, so so that you know today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the Las Las I mean Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that that one suspect, a okay Nevada resident, was 'down', and and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that that make uh them advantageous for different applications when bound to to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known known as like Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best best known for working uh with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also also known well as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - - 7, is like a colorless alcohol - soluble soluble liquid used well as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 1984 in I mean Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool cool below a like certain temperature, as there was was a risk so of the sulphur and nitrogen oxides oxides in the okay flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was kramer was the first company that Eddie Eddie officially endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of of votes okay cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 32 %, independent candidates well received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a a you know mesaxonic foot structure on the rear rear feet: the symmetry of like the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on the Bhirr they found some old coins coins with so the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) (QDs) can I mean emit single photons and can be be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging uh uh is thought to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, and and you know locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design you know know fabric prints based on her ceramics for a festival well well in Seville Expo in 1992, at the Venice Biennale Biennale um in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - - Bhiwani um railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling doubling of railway you know track is in progress progress at fast pace okay n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume assume you know most of the duties of the Lord Lord Chancellor that well relate to his Parliamentary role, although the the Lord Chancellor okay will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be be naturalized um with the rest of his his family, but he has um started to hang hang out with a bad crowd and you know ultimately participates participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, series, most um of the supporting characters returned for for the new program, which you know ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of Risenga okay okay Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September you know 1791 -- -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera I mean composer, composer, who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' diable' so and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in so so September 1996 she was convicted of federal charges charges okay of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast cape Coast Castle is one of a a number of 'slave um castles', fortifications in Ghana Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally for like trade in timber timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group decided to continue as a trio for so recording recording with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing you you know the guitar and bass guitar in the studio, although although the like line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is is so not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Insurance Portability okay and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 1999 well pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter Voter ID Clinic in I mean Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush lush green mountain um country in front of Askot region of okay Uttaranchal Uttaranchal state of India in the Pithoragarh district means uh uh herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the the so facilities for their summer practice and the university would would I mean be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and and it plunged into so the small village of Cove Neck on on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between between the well municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs in his teenage years included being an an okay ice - cream salesman and a night - club club bouncer um and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 February February so 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son son of George uh Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the the Black like Sea in the 3rd century AD, AD, the Goths soon um split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of I mean mean Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The so so Times' and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on I mean the true true experience of actor George Voskovec, who was you you know kept interned at Ellis Island during the day's of of well Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left he left the United States in 1913 1913 and headed to so Belgium, where he established the the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a a single you know room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the the qualifying uh events for The Open Championship; the leading leading three players so who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, York, on May 7, 1986, you know having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is hired to act as a body like double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with well well some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the the breeding you know season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who I I mean were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards towards Pataliputra I mean but getting the news of the triumph triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has he has researched and studied artists who came to I I mean catalog what existed in Brazil at the time time of the conquest, so including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited invited by Don Pedro uh II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of sales, sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few with few appearances in his first Peterborough Peterborough season, Howe so went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and and American Maurice Tripp uh also attended, and all three three men would more than 20 well years later play play a key role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and and any unit so that manages to get get close to them can um take them out out very easily, the units that they are okay the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March 14 2007, he started his third stint stint okay as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, women, who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of two two councillors I mean to opt out of retroactive salary increases that that council had um implemented, saying the raises'... Should be be for the next council you know term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's well well Brazil São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) um and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 26, 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and I I mean about 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, flora, I mean native to Australia, New Caledonia, New New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal you know know parliament of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October October like 20, 2007; the second round of the elections to I I mean the Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton you you know took up the campaign against the truck system, by like like which employees were forced to accept payment or or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an an almost I mean humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, okay okay Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later later he tells okay them he did have it but but gave it to a I mean man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a a dancer, uh although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, February, um four aircraft reached England, one carrying carrying a bomb which, aimed well at Victoria station, station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two Bachelor's Bachelor's okay degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has this has been a major selective pressure pressure acting over I mean terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one one of the like major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife wife Dr Zahida okay Baqai were medical practitioners and surgeons who who had been educated in so Pakistan and the the United Kingdom and began to okay practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in in uh the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a uh single single League game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to according to the Korea Joongang Daily in in 2013, it well is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, Korea, 7 I mean th in reputation, 7 th in papers published published on SCI I mean journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in 2006 where where you know he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists assists in 8 uh games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the outlines outlines gradually well became apparent for a community of of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State pacifica State Beach is one of the most most so popular beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco area, area, I mean among surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests so for for a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to to you know 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father her father died when she was only two months months uh old, forcing her mother to move to California to find well well work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason Jason and um Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never never so to speak to her father again and didn't so want want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is okay okay dependent on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry industry in well machinery and tourism has contributed well to to the city's annual income well making it one of of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted opted to represent England in okay international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument is thought to be the first of of okay its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the the so notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' Mountain' turns a sharply I mean critical eye eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after okay okay Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land well well office at Zanesville, and served from 1805 to um December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of the the um 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement displacement and okay utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors um um to understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social okay okay investments and screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill um in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith while Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative alternative um metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an an unidentified, um extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which uh uh remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, well well Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam so so that she is an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, Allen received a nomination for the the NAACP Image um Award for Best Jazz Album Album in 2011 'Geri um Allen & Timeline Live', she was was also nominated well for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by well a a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline of so so the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is it is developed into three phases and and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of of Myanmar from well 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, and you know served as as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for for um Watchmakers; also known as Parsons Horological School) was an an like American horological school in La Porte, Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - - Místek) so is a former Czech football player, he is is a Holding midfielder I mean who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address the address of the motel is in Rialto, Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition uh uh Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while while like that of the nobility and military establishment establishment waned, even you know though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 so so loss at C. D. Aves, he was sent off off okay in the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, Pereira, being again I mean redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the the NRHV well are either privately owned or commercially operated, with I mean museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and and was one of like the first Army Air Corps pilots, pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail trail and the prosecutors like were building their case, a number number of key witnesses turned up okay dead and due due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is okay an an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, in chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess chess opening occurs uh after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with with his right um hand useless from the paralysis, paralysis, Avery with his left hand so scribbled a simple note note for Tate: ' Major, tell um my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its like axis roughly roughly 317 times per second, corresponding to a period period okay of 3. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, Anglican, day like school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary Gary well - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when when so he was living in Serbia drew upon her her personal okay letters of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of of Britain, some believe um were designed in the likeness of their their purported creators you know - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed keynes believed that the last two of his his equations could be I mean solved in isolation, and was mistaken mistaken because he uh had failed to take account account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 on 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his his hotel like room in Plymouth and spent four days days in hospital in so hospital but he was discharged discharged after recovering but died on okay 6 June 1973 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged uh to to the Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes it includes such fields as womens studies studies and lesbian and uh gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew grew up I mean in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color of of so his first urethane wheels: while Powell was making making them in his I mean kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area you know know to join a wrestling tour in Japan and have so so another outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was he was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture architecture gallery, well Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from from well being a member of the Norwegian Architectural Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof of the upward part of the theorem like like also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models models uh must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer well to to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, branham; however, this term term is uh disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - - um 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Heritage Support Project you know of the World Bank, and and also depicted on the uh obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when uh the the SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, surprise, the SS like stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, so Italy, the the company is noted for its historic role um in in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, racing, and well industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning winning uh album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Ry Cooder, well as well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was it was first published on 1 March March 1870 as an okay eight - page monthly, composed composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based okay fight director and and actor, with over 500 professional credits including 140 uh episodes episodes of the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described she described Montreal as 'not a city city that revolves around um acting, so you stay very grounded here' here' to 'Hour' I mean magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of this this sector, the I mean Canon FT QL, which was developed to to combat the I mean growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War I mean against against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land land to you know the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of of Dante's well Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two two um islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; uh uh wild and feral dogs can usually get all the the okay nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H H um & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, so so but suffered an exit in the quarter - finals uh against against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would I I mean haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public well well body created by the UK Government in response response to the inquiry like headed by Sir Michael Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Intercollegiate Athletic Association, I mean a conference that it founded founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took you know know over as principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass Middlemass in you know the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does does not include a I mean separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in in the you know Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the box box office um banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has has multiple albums like distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is um not not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal the Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in in you know odd - numbered frames, inside the super okay frame, frame, and consists of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had been working in a call centre in in well Delhi for 18 months after which he he went to so Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are there are several temples, mosques and and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from so the area area of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first so so landing at North Mimms and then continued continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, you know know whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan uh uh Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, 2000, well and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB IIB U-boat well of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the the um Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Red so Sox sold out every home game (794 regular regular well season games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, 2008, the park so sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried he tried to meet her, but it was was you know forbidden because she was a grave murderer, murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, Gazette, I mean and the parish council own several areas of recreational recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and and Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Golf Tour, where so he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of the the territory until the um late nineteenth century, and the Mexican Mexican government's desire to so end arms and ammunition smuggling smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard 'Hard Country' you know (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent Vincent and Kim Basinger; like then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who who has uh worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company company located and registered um in India that manufactures engines and and heavy equipment, with shares well traded on the National Stock Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager okay credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 15 % well of the shares however most of its holdings holdings so in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted above, the present - day medical study like like of gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's Benjamin's early description, well and use of this term has been been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, Denver, Colorado it okay was then that at the age age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have you you know changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of uh uh a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a a the interior okay of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves valves where the mantle muscles like attach, which in in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of of like satellites and some of the antennas communicate with with multiple um satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo whose so so central character is a recently - married male like like sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems um um of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however however the granting you know of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 so so and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Energy okay Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon Saxon era when I mean the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he he is um an epicurean and writes with imagination about about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social however, social learning is not essential to tool use; use; juvenile like woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was the younger sister of the um band's band's drummer Randy Ragsdale, who had died in an auto accident accident I mean near College Station, Texas on the way way to see I mean her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in in Pyrgos) is um a Greek football player currently playing as a I I mean left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century after uh uh Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it it so was reckognised it was a continent, not not an island um anymore; and before the country was administratively administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for for Series like 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) okay okay was a New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist I I mean who had a wide - ranging interest in in um natural history, such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn the Inn is popular with with tourists, and with you know fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish former former um footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the I mean mean Ottoman era as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian anti-Christian discrimination and violence, um while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens siemens you know ( also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was a so so meeting of several high - level al - - Qaeda like members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the again, the previous race record was broken, broken, this uh time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, Saline, parked his uh car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' 'Hellbringer,' okay a nickname given to him by by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference um to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor at the' the' I mean Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice notice as the I mean moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements pronouncements against the church you know to his political associates associates and though he never so officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are speed speed and like price, however a static balancer can only only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 1981, 'Polybius' uh is said to have disappeared without a a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae reggae singer uh from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records Records well in 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he however, he would never play any official official games for the club, well as all of the team's foreign foreign player spots were I mean used up; he was was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, a a you know position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C C. 's okay Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December 12 in an interview on CNN's CNN's 'New Day,' uh Himes said that he was troubled troubled by several well actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because of of well heavy traffic, it used to be at the the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, Illinois, it was a um heavily - traveled highway before Interstate Interstate 57, which so lies very close to most of Illinois Illinois 37 I mean (indeed the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Ypsilanti okay Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, family, and okay he gives some details and after some some research, Julie learns so that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & & Gilbert uh in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow Barlow Lyde I mean & Gilbert LLP, with a a separate but affiliated partnership so known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably um Bathe Bathe did not choose to appear, and was deprived uh of of his estates, although it seems that he was was so able to have a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants variants uh of siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned canned pineapple so in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly well television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed performed first when I mean the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with um the the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the well 6th 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large well well collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead instead so referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, in 2005, the company signed on electronic music music superstar deadmau5 okay when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where where um the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, okay okay 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other uh uh things, claimed to have been the mistress of U. S S I mean. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar scholar Ioana I mean Pârvulescu, as the combination of two two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film the film received generally mixed to to positive I mean reviews from critics; review aggregator Rotten Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 I mean % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's day's like work, so he asks Peter to lock up up the uh store for him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman well living living in the Abbey sometime after the I mean 1745 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed uh uh with her and kept the cell she lived in dry dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the on the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', 'Raw', Snuka faced so Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, match, however, the um match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - page application' are well unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger than than you know itself: for example, a vignette about a house house belonging to like a collection of vignettes or a whole story, story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the I mean outer outer or outside lane, since the edge of the you know know road nearer to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, so if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the the group, you know featuring Joe Butler as lead singer singer on most okay tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was seen as a problem for the Spanish Spanish authorities, okay because if the population became mostly French, French, there could like be problems of loyalty toward Spain, Spain, so the Monarchy decided to so install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, werewolf, he well falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are there are turning points for trucks every every and lights and okay barriers at the entrances to to notify drivers if okay the tunnel is closed, as well well as radio coverage and well a system to to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, in 2005, the Royals continued their youth youth movement, with one of I mean the smallest payrolls payrolls in the Major Leagues and with six okay of their their starting position players, three of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by a Boeing Boeing uh 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing 727's 727's like remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to be be um the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful beautiful Prince I mean in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new okay okay 'Mad Money' set which replaced a variation of the original original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the the okay stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion fusion I mean concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) x-ray) I mean is a classic hallmark sign of of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald so Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese Burmese at the I mean University of London was was born in 1913 in Kha okay - ye village village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW gave no structural power to like like farm workers, as there were no locals elected uh as as staff and because the survival of the staff I I mean wasn't linked directly to membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds finds um Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, down, however she you know is surprised when he doesnt doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, hallway, okay revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon understood he was no more able to face face you know these things and retired from the position leaving leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated to the the Virgen you know del Pilar, whose image had been given given by Bishop Hall um so that the fledgling town town was named town well of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented hall invented several other tools used for Braille Braille communication, I mean most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate agent being used as a term in in the United like Kingdom means a person or organization organization whose business is I mean to market real estate estate on behalf of clients, but there like are significant significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual actual so exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded rewarded for um being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach uh uh is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem the Kanem - Bornu Empire and and the Sokoto Caliphate were okay major historical Islamic states states in northern Nigeria that were strong I mean states states with strong kings who held an advanced legal well and and taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - Central High School is part of the the okay Hoosier Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross you know know country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 16, 1950) uh is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director Director of the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of the same same okay name, and is located on the northwestern shore of of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the Act um in in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD well is is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) Gifu) is a so retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who who represented his you know native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the the battle like Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy heavy odds, and uh the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started his his I mean spree by killing his own grandmother, who who had um brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the the so Roman Empire Constantine built the new imperial capital on on well the Bosphorous, i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity gravity in the so empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after after relegation you know from the Northern Premier League, however however the club countined, fielding you know youth teams in the North North West Youth Alliance, and well a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the the lead core of a like bullet was also also a transformative event in firearm history: from I mean mean now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer Weezer so and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come as as You so Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, well well 1935) was an American orthodontist who was a a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this worked with all games released is is uncertian, the uh accessory was not released released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' 'Kindar' boy like in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has has been 'Chosen' I mean to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped capped for Ulster like at scrum - half and middle middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most students work toward a Juris Doctor uh uh degree (J. D.), Cooley also offers the Master Master of like Laws (LL. M.) degree as well as as joint degrees so in Master of Business Administration (J. D D. / I mean M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were I I mean offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs 12Xbrs developing so at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of like like Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has many iStories, all of high quality, along along with talk well about iStories, and talk about iPods, a nice, nice, growing, um active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators generators well with octave divide - down to provide full full polyphony, you know while the built - in chorus chorus effect utilizes uh bucket - brigade devices controlled by by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in so so the fifth round (115th selection overall) of the the 1975 um NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a so so Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center of of you know a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location location like and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also also um mirrored the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over over forty you know songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November 2008, he agreed to join a um team based based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Raw well Thursday', Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; Championship; okay he explained to fans that he was informed informed by doctors that I mean he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain mountain so in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the with the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could could ride to meet well Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune I mean mean feat. Fukase as fukase as the opening theme for the first first eight you know episodes and then from the eleventh, although it it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action show, so but but a six - part comic book series 'from the the um minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the well Hinckley Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an you you know American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a a uh cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of of the Paris okay electors ten days later, and and the Mountain was okay strengthened by the accession of an an ally whose one like idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British English, you you know and the word 'measure' is more common common in (an incomplete so measure at the head of a a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on born on Corfu, the eldest of eight eight children, Somerville okay received her primary education at home, later later studying art in I mean Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the so so community and stood as a liberal candidate this was to to be so the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by by the uh author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th california's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the the U I mean. S. State s. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image the image rendering takes place place in Prisma labs's well servers and it utilizes neutral network and and artificial intelligence to I mean add artistic artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is this is a list of episodes of the the like 'Dragonaut - The Resonance -' anime series directed directed by Manabu Ono and like produced by G. D D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD DD like 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 808 so steaming through the Philippine Islands and the okay okay San Bernardino Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the the I mean striking voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, ionizes, becoming a plasma, well and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is it is hidden in Viper Manor -- the the abode of a okay terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, Lynx, who gained control of the well estate after usurping usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had had um advocated for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, suffrage, but like due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, I mean mean but hi power was broken: the you know know emirs of Syria began to make terms with okay the the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) ) is an Ukrainian like comedy TV series that that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 1971 to like May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest longest serving governor; so his ten and a half years years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, Barbara, I mean California on 6 June 1976, at the age age of 85 like and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming re-naming to I mean 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the the I mean second, was taken up by debtors; in in 1773, debtors um within 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in the 40th century, in the year year 3977, at the so planets Earth and Pluto, the background of of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was she was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th 20th anniversary um of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are securities printed by the finance ministry of of the relevant like country and are often as detailed detailed in their design as like banknotes - usually made from from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was not established as a separate county until until 1897, so however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album album by you know Miles Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan Juan - um les - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later later reflected on well his observations of Kubrick during the the filming, ' Stanley was uh very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took photographs so so with friends performing fights inspired by Legend of of Zelda and Teenage uh Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 you you know in Ventura, California) played his college career at at Ventura College like for his freshman and sophomore year, before before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, I I mean 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic epic about okay a fictional revolutionary who, after after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked in various positions at NCBS such as uh those those of a Reader (grade F) and an associate professor professor um until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology uh as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is like like a Canadian professional basketball player for the okay Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was was incorporated on you know 10 July 1899 and opened opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current the current configuration (as shown in the the well photo at right) was adopted in 1965 when the the down like Wairarapa track was moved from the west to the the east you know of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which the United you you know States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, Field, is I mean a public use airport located located one nautical well mile (1. 85 km) south of the central business business district I mean of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains it maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong Kong and Honduras I mean and maintains more than four million million square feet okay of inventory nationwide and ships to 90 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the over the years the centre centre addressed youth employment needs -- well founding a small small farm -- and initiated a youth um addiction and mental mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six okay months months behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed like like in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also she also became increasingly critical of the Liberal Liberal governments of okay Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and and on June 8, 2004, she uh announced that she she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an an auxiliary like mathematical tool, a trick as it were, were, to simplify you know the transformation from from one system into another -- it was Poincaré I mean in in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is is okay 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik Mathematik at okay ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, 1995, where he so succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use people use the branches of this tree for for making so walls and paste with mud for their their thatched huts you know in villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in 1971 you you know and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate Highgate cemetery well Though fairly affluent during most of of his career, he fell you know on hard times times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an an okay incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby Kirby and you know Don Heck and is a a powerful mystic, born over um five hundred years ago in in the mystic city of Kamar um - Taj, Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) I mean mean is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy Judy okay and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw saw her like taking the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and and I mean a member of the Swedish parliament parliament as a member like of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was he was drafted again in the 2012 2012 rookie draft I mean by the Fremantle Football Club Club with their third selection uh and forty - fourth fourth overall, he spent three seasons like with Fremantle without without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the after the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić Smiljanić was called up like by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Miroslav Đukić to be um part of his squad for for the 2007 okay European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as as a okay result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is it is said that Catherine lost her head in in uh the accident, that her significant other was never found, and and so that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents uh uh in the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at at the uh Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly well swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band the band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Europe, Ukraine, like Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, uh keyboards), Dmitro Melnik Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for like like such bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with with um such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in in uh Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure Licensure program is so also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana Indiana in um Parke County, Indiana and is a single span Burr Burr uh Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role each role required three masks, these had to to look like similar and yet different - they also also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 on 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original plans called for I - 95 95 to well run through downtown Boston; however, due to to pressure I mean from local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways Highways within Route 128 uh were cancelled in 1972 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board uh uh from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a a removable glass well wall -- one set for 'The Situation Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to set like like up a private medical school in London with um um Sa'udi Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that name name okay of the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage british beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate uh parent parent company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf the Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on on July okay 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in in New so York City on December 13, 2016 and had had a limited so release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 you know know general election; he retired as Labour leader after after losing well the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show is the second spin - off off well from' and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 like and and educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata Kolkata so University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created created so to guard the Wind Tribe, and there there is a like Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions unions like and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, so so Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, well Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is located on the eastern edge of the like Ruhr Ruhr area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August August so 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing growing up, well but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became a a restricted you know free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved moved to Dueidar, at well the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following is a list of famous past students well well of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern um um Memorial Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland uh County County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a a garment like of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments garments were so taken down a size, the smallest garment's garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed gavin confessed to the murder of George George Pollard and I mean was held in the Round House House until he was hung on um the 6th April April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy the trophy used to travel to the winning winning school so each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 you you know to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto the Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as as one okay of Canada's leading institutions for graduate graduate theological uh education and the leading ecumenical centre for theological theological education in uh Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second second like album featured the song 'I Breathe In, I I Breathe Out', okay which although never a single for for Kersh himself, later became uh a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares prepares you know students for the diverse opportunities in theiors theiors classes, electives to I mean suit a wide range of interests, interests, and classes to um help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North like like Korean football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, shooter, similar to well many other sci - fi shooters, shooters, and could uh be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code was published by AIM International in 1997 and although although so the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA NBA Championship as so a head coach, although the Celtics Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has has like put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee simple determinable is an estate that will will end automatically uh if the condition of the the grantor occurs and the interest like will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 2015 well and on April 8, 2015, he was was like outrighted from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa you you know Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of of so Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, Beefeater, uh aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available available so in the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th 13th or 17th century so (cite reference), when the Gondi Gondi were defeated by the you know Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest pann's youngest son was killed in the the Israeli War you know of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed farmed and you know consumed on a large scale in some some areas of China, frog you know legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely extremely rare okay and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, Stavis, was premiered um at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 29 like September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids rapids some well of with are the Rapides de Cap - - well Saint - Jacques on the north western tip um um of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, um twin - - turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at like the the Mallala Raceway, with Richards moving into it for for you know the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism has limited longevity because it has limited limited structural complexity; well and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to four were lost, one due to hostile hostile well fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 24 was like shot down by a SAM while searching for for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the after the flashback has ended, Billy Billy returns home, buries the I mean kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it however, it was quite possible for a warrant okay okay officer, such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely 'completely de-glamorous' well role, because her naturally fair complexion posed posed a problem to well her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for for well playing in the international 7s league and playing for for the well American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a a well branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is spoken spoken by so minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game game in okay the nation which features a match - up up between so the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for for the uh first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the nascent nascent Canadian okay Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed formed in 1962 and so 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about like like 7 % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp I mean mean. Had a $ 175 million (19 %) investment in in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, Cornwall, uh and some services are combined with those of Cornwall, Cornwall, however um since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome syndrome or POIS, well and it was discovered that this this stemmed from an you know allergy to their own own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to to you know Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by like the the death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity like in in battle, this lust however can sometimes prove too much much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is is a uh fictional character from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed portrayed by Jennifer uh Aniston, who received an Emmy Award, Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median income for a household in the city city okay is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time you you know to marry the technician and the art of of the uh Macchiaioli, also devoting to the sculpture and and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives arrives on the Street; Mary uh was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are there are two notable types of virtual groups, so so one being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau the Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, okay okay Germany, and the United States, though they are also made you you know elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges Colleges so and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with with um Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended he attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final final phase um of her life, she became one of of Venice's resident celebrities, so quick witted, intelligent and cultured, cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these however, these plans were cut back for for financial reasons before well construction began, and the line was was planned instead to terminate at like the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma however, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, divorced, citing Mangal's okay continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola uh constitute the main centre of of population of the Donegal Gaeltacht like and with a population of of just over 16 000, like is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between between Air I mean France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines Airlines System. And holds and holds today uh the position position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging you know know in the late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters supporters um of Marxism who believed that the transition to to a like socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee Committee for the uh Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag Dag Ismail so Khel and was commissioned in the the Pakistan Army's famed Frontier well Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route Route uh 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, okay the highway is meant to connect directly the the communities in I mean the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor health caused the Congress' first president, like Samuel Huntington, Huntington, to resign in July 1781, well McKean was elected its its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station features a single island platform located located in a um cutting, served by the 'Local' pair pair of tracks with trains to well the city city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in okay wich wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an an like independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells sells ethical well t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the the London Borough of okay Wandsworth, which has administered the the commons since 1971 when a substantial part so of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the age age okay of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part in in um his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is is an American I mean professional ice hockey player currently playing playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 uh uh Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge and during you you know inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - - you know Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from from film critics you know but some highly highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, okay the effects and musical musical score by Thomas Newman and so okay far far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos where uh she she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got you you know a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was he was the CFO of PayPal and sat sat on well the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) 1943) was the prime well - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February February I mean 1809), son of William Rathbone III and and Rachel Rutter was uh a Liverpool ship - owner owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was um last last seen and what he was doing, one survivor so so said Wilde was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to vote during during um the whole week and the winner was decided decided only I mean by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force force you know consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to to 15 troop carrier wings, um plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged okay okay the development of the textile industry and created a new new uh type of deodorant Royalty used to wash wash their well hair with rose water, but Ziryab introduced introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners um um up in the National Cup, losing 2 - I mean mean 1 to Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester Manchester United's okay Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and and melodic, uh and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the at the age of 19, Adichie Adichie left Nigeria for the I mean United States to study study communications and political science at you know Drexel University University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut um um State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what they viewed viewed I mean as discriminatory divorce laws and family family court policies, and an okay appeal to the United United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, okay okay Holden rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, um Holden meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming after filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone 'Lone so Survivor'; he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed so so the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the night and and I mean finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, countries, giving Ireland its um best result in eleven years years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother and López López so herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted praise so so for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game well (in (in North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves Braves on uh March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate well on the the application of the Bill of Rights to you know an infringing infringing statute, the general opinion was that uh the Bill Bill of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, I I mean the latter was apprised of the same by their their like common mother Kunti and hence even though he he was privy I mean to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) kept kept okay a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged the ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there so aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process process um that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was he was no stranger to the team, team, as he you know knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since since he was 18 years um old as a Rookie Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is bakan is the daughter of psychologist and and academic David Bakan and well the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is is an you know English former professional footballer who was was most recently the caretaker um manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its its vertical stabiliser you know and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released a 45 45 okay - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded Crowded West, which' included archival like footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid to to so keep the billboard up for over over four years, with I mean its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established in in um 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town I I mean and all of the things he accomplished were shattered into into like pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently he currently writes a column for Creators Creators Syndicate, is editor - like in - chief at The Daily Daily Wire, an editor okay - at - large large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he he is you know a founding member of MtW (Ministering the the uh Word - Zambia) and also a final year student at at you know the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most most of so her energies on music production, but but she is also playing well a weekly residency gig gig as a member of Texas like Space Monster Jalopy, Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner 'Gaaner Oparey', produced so by Ideas Creations, Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from from Pankaj so Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies Studies (GS) uh is a highly - selective liberal arts college college and one uh of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and and three um European Championships -- helping the national national team finish second uh at Euro 2004 and third at Euro Euro 2000 -- winning I mean more than 100 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England with like like her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the property, property, okay establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number of such such you know services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz Gomiz ) is a um Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has I mean mean been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO well and NZSSSO), NZSSSO), and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and and the um founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of of the uh humid subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification classification system) such so as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Omar Bongo uh Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan the Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known known as um the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), was was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of of NSL lags okay behind that of accredited Tennessee schools schools (68 % vs uh. 82 % in 2005), and and several of the uh larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 1957 and its so lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon at noon on September 27, having taken taken an observation of the uh sun which had briefly emerged emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 1963 in Philadelphia) is an American well stand - up comedian comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance Alliance in you know the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led led the station security forces that I mean repelled the the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic classic so stage performance with live singing and acting, acting, were written well and staged in Goa, since the the time it evolved during um the twenteeth century century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all all - girl like punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was he was born in 1914 in in Winnipeg, but grew up I mean in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was was um finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local local rivals Sunderland so for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as as a fugitive, I mean though he was frequently frequently called on to take part in uh murders; indeed, indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished cherished I mean the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was like like especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and and when it encountered Buddhism you know led to a greatly increased increased production of luxury forms I mean of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself well to both big box and small small like roof application because of its hot air weldability like like. This means this means if you have copied copied this then you have uh a small willy, Generally people like like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate fate you know as being pushed out of office, and there there has been talk like of Louras not running running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action action I mean setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action action cinema, specifically um the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island has a permanent size of 18 um acres, plus an an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, so and and has a thin layer of soil that I mean mean supports vegetation including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among among the passengers, well all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in okay okay Korea and Jang received her big break with her her you know cute image and so as the other young stars stars in you know the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory well well and opens up a new area of international production, which which you know at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory theory um and the financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee um and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on on um the north and the Mississippi state line on the south, with with um the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye eye injury following you know an incident with a BB BB gun; he would like later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and and okay 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's spain women's national rugby sevens team participates participates in the uh European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of of the well Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and and worked in several you know companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 um um in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, Twickenham, England) you know has been Professor of Mediterranean History History at the University of I mean Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, in 1999, he announced that he was suffering suffering from Alzheimer's like disease, and died three years years later of complications from I mean the disease in in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one well well of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second second EP, I mean 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical like Park Park Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until like 2009 when all all home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic domestic video I mean signals wirelessly from one room to another, another, as for like example sending the output of a a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to you you know Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa I I mean soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was was like previously President of AEG - TV and Network Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile Mobile like media, a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management management well of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in in 2002 it joined University okay College London Hospitals Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio his studio in Prout's Neck was completed in in 1884, and so in 1885 he painted three canvases canvases depicting the local fishermen, 'The um Fog Warning', Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is is an um English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism nationalism and like nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism patriotism is a uh common project shared amongst all citizens citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest interest from like communities and organizations throughout the country, and and in 1994 a okay group of community leaders gathered at at Christian Unity Baptist Church in well New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while while some okay known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the the so realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on on September 24, um 2013 and did the tenth birthday birthday of the show okay on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test is given each year in October and and I mean November, students are informed of their their results in um the following March, and those who who receive offers decide okay by the middle of March March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American American writer best I mean known for 14 crime novels novels featuring the highly popular you know Detective - - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what money um has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at at okay beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris Harris humanoid like race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the the uh state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna Khulna. It's central it's central so campus is situated situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role of Polly the Pistol was written with with Marilyn like Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de charles de Montalembert was too young young to take his seat as a okay peer (twenty (twenty - five being the necessary age), but you know know he retained other rights, and this, combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) Sarajevo) is so Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in like 1836 1836 inaugurated the existing schools in its like public education system, system, most of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production the production usually takes place in the Spring Spring Term and has so a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland before before his vessel I mean capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award Award was so collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners winners the you know Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at at the event) which was okay voted for by members members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then then a computer programmer well before becoming internationally known for for his work with I mean WikiLeaks and making making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his I mean mean bag down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals marshals you know in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and like like a green shirt that has her symbol on it it and exposes uh her lower belly and navel, with with her hair so back. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting interacting um with each other and their environment, as well two you you know pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation representation of the you know leap in processing abilities from from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against against so the religious discrimination of the Roman Roman Catholic - dominated I mean Diem regime, known as the Buddhist Buddhist crisis, and widespread large so - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months later later after well appearing in a television series as the extramarital extramarital interest you know of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with research you you know focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are are maintained uh by Dantak, a unit of Border Border Roads Organisation uh engineering division of Indian Army and in the the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the channel without without so the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, broadcasts, prior to uh the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is niko is never seen without his Cuban Cuban bodyguards and also um has a group of gangsters gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 I I mean Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the church is no longer used for for services but is like now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as as a counterpart well to Tōdai - ji and it it is the main temple I mean of the Shingon Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began tincher began her career by breaking breaking the school records for you know season strikeouts and strikeout strikeout ratio, in addition she also uh achieved the second second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, phenylephrine, like in a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with with other ingredients will like be completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that that he recorded like vocal on a Beatles cover cover track' Baby Your'e a Rich um Man' from the the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring um Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are are generally without I mean aroma or only the slightest slightest trace of jasmine you know or rose, since it it is the smoke, not the okay scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient well well in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the well college college common room; he leads his friends and the students restore restore um electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only the only exception was made made for officers who served in like the Far East; as as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach coach the Purefoods so Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return return to his position as assistant coach, I I mean the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron uh uh and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this in this method, building blocks are protected protected by all reactive uh functional groups and two functional functional groups in which the reaction like occurs between building building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of of the nurse okay who treated the Imam, and the the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of so so Oahu in Hawaii and known for big wave surfing surfing during I mean the winter season and home to the the Duke um Kahanamoku Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World World Cup like of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was was featured I mean in the debut episode of the television television series, is featured in so the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for for um individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost lost dollar so bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances appearances on 'The um Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in four I mean mean sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from 1892 um -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared I I mean his Law examination. At the age of twenty one one okay years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is it is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi Saudi fashion uh designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on on okay a large scale, which can be both good good and um bad, because of the large contributions by by the public, Wikipedia has so one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var var. 'aronia' ) so are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw raw as a like snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes karl takes the blame and writes the the $ 1000 I mean check to repay the the company, forcing Smithers to fire like him instead of of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name name you know with probably less than 300 families around the the globe okay. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy Horthy so as Regent, and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. AU. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that that was sent like up shortly after the accident to search search for the wreckage um encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, area, and many well other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has he has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue blue well eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 had had killed okay his father, Panis Rahl because he had had found out that his father you know was going going to kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather space weather is the time varying varying environmental conditions within the Solar like System, including the solar wind, wind, and especially the space so surrounding the Earth, including including conditions in the near - Earth like space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows J a statue to K, killed by by okay Boris in 1969, and tells J that his his chocolate well milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di di well Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', Utinensis', UNIUD ) okay was founded in 1978 as part of of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, okay okay by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to um um Aldby Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually you know private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort Knox, Knox, like Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility the facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 000 so spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of I I mean the Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated situated at um elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area area that well served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by a you you know group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a uh uh teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference Conference in Halifax Canada uh and has received many other other pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of only two actors to audition, he was was well cast as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance resemblance I mean to British actor / musician Davy Jones of of the like Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county union county is one of a limited limited number of US okay counties with a county police police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga Cayuga and well Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a you you know French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in the late 800's, when what is like known known as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and and Jim so Gordon, originally released by their blues rock rock band Derek you know and the Dominos, as the the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, Gin, 101 - 105 on like March 18, with their their import Paul McCracken scoring 45 uh points, his partner, partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly uh uh rather similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, shapes, so ISCII um encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his his father died so in 1723, subsequently his mother requested requested Mata Sundri, you know the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering covering a like varied array of female forms and expressing many many different emotions I mean. In France, in France, was born in in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held held in 1991, I mean and won by The United States, States, though it and the subsequent you know 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association the association aims to contribute to the the sustainable development um of the Arrondissement of Avesnes - - sur - Helpe; um it does this through through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she she then appears on stage so after a curtain lifts lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who who you know prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to to the team, um becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as as a form like of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: Sweden: as she had no okay property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter uh the the track and require quick reactions to get on um the the right course, while Simulation racing games might include tire like wear wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given his given name resonates somewhat with with the Code Noir, although okay the Code was not not established until 1685, the Code I mean Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co Co well. He was he was a founder in 1831 of of the Bank of Liverpool, with so George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, okay EdD EdD (maiden; born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, like like from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November I mean 1, 1, 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also composes I mean for for anime, he is mostly known in the west um um for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking drinking prior to so the accident, however, according to Johannesburg Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna Mamonya, neither you know driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the the actions I mean taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser like is is the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 476 m) uh within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture the sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Victorian Arts Centre in you know 1974; construction was completed in 1976 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA the USA Track & Field has been inducting members members into like the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in in well the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World War II, there were extensive changes uh to to the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision decision taken um at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended so so Fresno Junior College, where he was recruited by several several high you know - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in in 2009 and okay this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) 1967) is the head coach I mean of the Florida Gators Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France so so and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one one of well Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district state district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head head of okay the 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared declared martial law, like organized a local vigilante group, and decreed decreed that blacks uh within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is a central defender who began his career at okay League League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of snack shops shops well in South Wales and is a keen singer um um / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest contest at you know Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe safe voyage you know of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the the daring of uh the earliest mariners, and the boldness of of men in overcoming well difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and later, sexual politics were important important matters of um social debate at the time, leading the the New I mean Left to use sex roles, race, and and similar identity you know politics divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss john Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Hobart, Tasmania) is like the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's Australia's two most um prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the most frequently frequently used like constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 30 May 2001) was a okay church historian, controversial Catholic Catholic priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered tempered his uh political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a okay previous previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started pPDA started training as a journalist at at the you know Centre de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at at 22, he obtained you know his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch Christchurch region, well both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Sports Complex is a complex well consisting of two indoor arenas and and a beach volleyball you know stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing I mean mean a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have have come like out, still praising them for their bravery, bravery, instead he so acknowledges how coming out may not always always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized sized ungulates, though like they are opportunistic feeders, and and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the okay Japanese Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as I mean the the capital in the late 8th century until the rise of of okay the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly superbly well trained singers, and the use of spectacle as a a um replacement for dramatic purity and love on the the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, after that, he once again continued continued his career you know in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about about him so constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls owls and you know snakes, and forest clearance may lead to to local habitat okay loss, but this is a common common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in in okay Toronto, Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his office but but well with a change in routine - instead of of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, combined, and so ski jumping, and after the Olympics will will remain a you know public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were I I mean largely pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split split okay by rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some after some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi well moved moved on to Rome to work under you know Francesco Francesco Mancini, working in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo Rococo um of Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism I mean of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, Apparition, uh and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift you know as as it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place place like of 'F - O - R - D' D' lettering like on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones you you know worked with many musicians who were great great talents in uh their own right, including including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany okay Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter um um requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention so (EPC), (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor actor and well comedian, who has been credited in many many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of of you know the United States Navy and Royal Navy on on June 25, like 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay essay I mean by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an an analogy with okay biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet yet still so managed to give the order to to submerge, in all you know likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur occur in Canada, however, uh as the prosecution prosecution has powers to appeal the you know resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari Livaccari well and Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, and and like Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer I I mean Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington I I mean claimed Elioak as home while they they served in World War um I. After the after the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a a Lucas probable so prime, so it is either prime or or it is a like Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version version of the uh bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United States presidential election of 1856 was was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is he is Chairman of the Supervisory Board Board of KLM okay and Pon Holdings and and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients um who opt opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The I mean mean Stanford Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata Olugbala Olugbala well Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to mean mean uh 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church church in the outer you know south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To Door Storage was founded in in Kent, Washington, in May um 1996 by Tim Riley, a a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her her class, um he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, City, Negros Occidental) uh is a retired boxer from the the Philippines, who uh competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care well well providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who um um do not is a cause for concern, although unfairness unfairness um already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge bridge so designs, in particular, the design of the the Brooklyn Bridge, well which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final final consonants; you know this method of writing has is no longer longer used you know in modern written Khmer, but is is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated you you know catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and well a message message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the the well Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first was an F1 which touched down down uh in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed departed for Rio de so Janeiro to request aid, but but the central government was unable to so render much assistance, assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's well well (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while like arguing with with Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and well well even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those of those faces the two southernmost are unused: unused: like all trains use the Up and Down main main lines, the Down well loop being reversible, which allows allows Up services to depart you know from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies allies that uh Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment so so of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney Sydney well in 1793, but his plant material remained with him well well for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills kills Mandy, takes his um body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly stewie quickly becomes sick, sick, so Peter and Lois take him like to to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is is I mean an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans slogans uh outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via via uh the gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for so so those who wish to visit the Armoury chamber and the the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to to come as uh his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because because Fox okay had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for for um pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up next up was the Korean Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for for iPad, um iPhone and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells tells you know the story of the making of Bandolier in the the okay band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and production production you know became sourced to several manufactures to to meet the defense you know needs on several several aircraft after the unacceptability of both okay locally and and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC Marshall School of Business was established in in like 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League League since uh its inauguration in 1982, so instead of of direct entry to well the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now now had well to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and short, mild mild I mean winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are are more prone uh to certain diseases, such as as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, although well academic academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand the brand has a social media presence across across Facebook, Twitter and like Instagram, with social - first campaigns campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Some Starlight' Starlight' uh the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May in May Mcilroy won the BMW BMW PGA championship at uh Wentworth by one stroke he carded carded a -6 66 final uh round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's so College, University University of Sydney; living very simply and I mean it has has been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, Abbot, uh and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term the term has been used throughout history to refer refer to so som heter shukri och äe pirat customary customary international law and uh also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom the Freedom Trail was originally conceived in in 1958 by local uh journalist William Schofield who who was promoting the idea of you know linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned owned by you know the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated associated with the American like Indian Movement, who who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), you you know who appeared up on the TitanTron and and told Batista well that if he wanted to come to to 'SmackDown' and face uh him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting is part of a series of four, the the others so are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film like director director in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in well well 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an like ethnic ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from uh uh exile in Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, Ghent, and like on the second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, you know know but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, well well it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the so so 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in in uh 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed like by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino I mean Man' Man' (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was I I mean in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two two from nearby you know town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger astranger convinces her that running will will do her no like good for wherever she goes, Lord Lord Rahl's soldiers will find okay her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development development of uh vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups groups okay tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only member member of uh the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a a result like of the merger that created the Royal High High in 1998, I mean when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village the village has its own public house - The White White Swan well - as well as a a post office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened it opened on October 22, 2004 after after five okay years of construction, cost C $ 173 173. 5 million, so and occupies a footprint the the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy Italy to okay command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' okay lands on on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and and okay Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and and features uh a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las the Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban suburban um master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities amenities such you know as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in so the the installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L L. Johnston you know was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned resigned I mean as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of of the 1980's I mean in music magazine polls and and television programmes, especially in um Kenya where an entire tribe tribe in the village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming becoming like who um he who saught to stop he lowers lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many maintain um um that it was a device created out of tradition and and I mean need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond like like and lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke Duke of like Albany (son of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into into a beehive well of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany ( so so now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) ) so was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary temporary you know street circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for for motorcycle like racing runs around Belmont Road, Normanby Normanby Road, State Highway well 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real real conflicts like in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as uh the the Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble trouble so with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures um um enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is is easily uh and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern Southern okay California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a a okay very unusual and unique feature, a stream running running along like either side of Fore Street, one of which which uh eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes that Monk said that the killer I mean mean was 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he he was okay wearing a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from okay the the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with with um her parents, older brother and younger sister to to okay Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates dates um back to 1831 and is believed to have originated originated you know because the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 you you know men, led by an officer, would roam the the streets you know looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from from well the 1980's as part of the 'New 'New Deal' reforms of like passenger rail operations, with with the last regular train they worked being well the the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare david Hare is often noted for his critical critical views of I mean British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's 'Amy's View' is okay certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Military Railways well and in that capacity had charge of the the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a god, god, uh pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was he was one of the forefront leaders of of the multimedia revolution I mean in the San Francisco Bay Bay Area, where the traditional arts of uh storytelling, poetry, illustration, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was shaped by a number of of intellectuals and um influential activists as well as by by the artistic and political you know sphere, and the many many contributors to the ideology um collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the the you know Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead in in celebration of uh the Silver Jubilee of George V V. Later in 1935 I mean she was stationed at at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - montagny - en - Vexin is a village village in Picardie so 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, Vexin, a um former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion I I mean RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she she called so protectionism and autarky far superior compared to to free trade well and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went on to co-host the show until until her departure like from STV on 15 May May 2009, shortly before the well programme is due to be be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have others have argued that the settlement settlement was arguably the okay most generous afforded by by the United States to a Native well group, and and point out that some of the largest and most uh uh profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel hotel you know in its Historic Hotels of America program program and the so American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device device like and purchase directly from the the internet and it's use um is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very little of her is known and published like like she was known to be present at her husband's investment investment um ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have have been called uh 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began her career as a reporter reporter okay at Steven Brill's 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed well well that at least the 14 men mentioned in the I I mean parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots shots okay to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State newport State Airport is one of six active airports airports operated um by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being being like T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State State Airport, Westerly uh State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to escape escape using you know a different DST, placed in a a remote location, much of I mean the crew are are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, since 2011, Ghenea has been the image image of TRE I mean - Italy mobile company, and has appeared appeared in many commercials with uh Raoul Bova; also in 2011 2011 Ghenea became the image of I mean dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma Ma - well Ti's power is considered by some to to be the most important, uh for it keeps the Planeteers together together and helps them you know to be in tune tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, River, 'Shäwshe Chù', is you know derived from the Southern Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the in the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in I mean in the 59th minute of their match against England England in the group you know stages to give Sweden a a 2 -- 1 um lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population population decreased okay almost by half, and Ventspils did did not reach its well former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the the GCL in like doubles (20) and ranked third in in extra-base hits (22)... Posted a 5x5 like game with five five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres metres you know (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut cut to 1, 600 um metres in 1952 when it it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site is a long section of of the Narew River I mean that is a natural natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Kate Ceberano so singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the the World Cup), I mean the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New Haven Haven so in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered sputtered along, foundered and like was revived numerous times during the the 1970s and well 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in I I mean the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or more consecutive groups of zero value you know may may be replaced with a single empty group you know using using two consecutive colons (: : ), but the like like substitution may only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated situated I mean at the confluence of River Izhora into River River Neva, approximately I mean halfways between Saint Petersburg Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from um both both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the in the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, Coalition, as commander of uh division of dragoons, he participated participated in the Battle of so Elchingen and later the the Battle of Ulm, and six weeks I mean later, the the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at well well Mackay Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, uh with with the Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the the okay teams did not compete for the cannon until until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders Raiders was so deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought that that okay as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer Singer um Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen seen okay many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at at so the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics Physics at you know the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga st. Molaga was reputed to have brought brought beekeeping / honey I mean to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, well both both of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and and like research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, research, alongside like field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Mbinga Cooperation um Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry industry um amongst the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic economic okay liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a um marine fish fish native to areas near Africa, that is sometimes okay okay traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the so so late 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit credit um counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is it is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's Falcom's long - you know running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a a direct sequel so to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), ), well also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, okay okay with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the in the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown Countdown to the you know Earth's Last Days is the the 3rd prequel novel in uh the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book okay okay 'General Source of Computational Methods' in this book book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having been denied leave by the Star Star I mean after the death of his first first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was educated at local primary schools and and from 1984 okay to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a special - - purpose well map made to show geological the strata are are extremely fractured, you know mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft I I mean where he worked on newer versions of the Mooney Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived um um more or less separate lives, and the couple okay okay separated completely after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot Slipknot I mean returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas Christmas period, well during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S like like. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and several public you know know collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic Passaic County like Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary the primary health care facilities for the the village are okay at al - Kum designated by the Ministry Ministry of okay Health as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, uh uh he was known as 'The Violin', He also played like for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best - known okay okay was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account uh uh of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind mind control, cited by you know Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot the Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, 1996, while okay the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study study hours I mean of video footage of criminals, criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he okay learned to pick up on on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests interests focus I mean on automotive, environmental, and social justice justice research, yet okay it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House of Representatives in so so 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker served in in so other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as as you know chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is is an Italian well basketball coach that currently serves as as head coach of well CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially uh uh serving in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - - Jordan well Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now now becoming like a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely (namely its degree like of tameness in comparison) and was was competing for okay the same territory, it has run afoul with with ISIL like and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the second week of October 2012 about 42, okay okay 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he was the lead singer of the pop band okay okay 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of so so 1775, and Salvador pressed for its members to to instruct the I mean colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains mindGenius contains a series of export features to to MS Office well applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member uh of of the Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union so label, label, heard Dosen's music and as a result they worked worked like together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 11 of you know those will be home games, they they will also be hosting like a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism his activism may have stemmed from his late late grandfather, Andre I mean Gaudry, one of the eight eight guiders that took you know Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist physicist and a uh Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute Institute for Theoretical Physics so who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only made his league debut almost a year year I mean later, in a 0 - 1 away defeat against against Santos like on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher Thatcher quoted you know the song when talking to an audience audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump the pump can not draw more water from from the pipe like to which the washer is connected connected than that source can uh provide: the water supply supply must be adequate for well the machine connected to it, it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve years, years, like the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in Kimanis Kimanis but I mean in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it like like was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by um scholars scholars such as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher Blocher and stands uh in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the okay okay basilar artery at the level of the junction you you know between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals to uh uh produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd Boyd uh and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, uh uh and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider flute as 'a full - fledged well well member of the Indian classical music family', with okay its its roots as a folk instrument having a legendary background um um to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by by like late rapper Eazy - E, from his album of of the uh same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that that was released like in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden wooden towers' um ) is a name that the Greeks of of the like Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in the 1960's 1960's so as a means to pool resources resources and share facilities, instructors, well and equipment, in in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) 2015) was well a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 like (Městské (Městské divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in in Literature every year you know to outstanding young writers, and has has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series um um of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love I I mean Story 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the West West Indies uh cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal 'personal reasons'; okay he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the after the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a a third trial you know to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to due to the minimal damage caused by the the storm, the name was not I mean retired retired and was re-used during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part in the landing landing at uh Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while while polling of like individual constituencies and groups of them (such (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva like was was leading the league with a. 328 average, but a 3 - - okay for - 32 slump in the middle of of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in like Las Las Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 182 businesses you know and 9, 250 houses, left of of standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, I mean mean the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the next day German troops crossed the border you you know of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - - Inquart, I mean the latter communique having been arranged arranged after the troops had uh begun to march, so as as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character character Captain America you know in', and starred in the the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling calling okay themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is it is a popular misconception that these lakes lakes are uh filled via the Nepean River but but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight continued the following day, August 23, with okay okay four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one well well of them killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning so so the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in in the you know parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 2001 ) okay claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to to Aristotle Onassis, okay and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating investigating uh Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise is vital in the battle for so so Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take uh the the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi Gandhi made his visit to like Mysore State in 1932 while, while, he visited Tagadur and like a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in uh uh London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 in 1996 (and 2009) he received received the Humboldt Award by okay the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship at I mean the the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as okay well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late December um normally normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, Prel, I mean or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron well du Prel (April 3, 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a so German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois Illinois to French Creole um parents and one of his ancestors was was Michel Branamour you know Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - - 1' okay was a more guitar based pop album that like also also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold uh Me Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering suffering a so stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed paralysed and unable to so speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public public company um listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded spearheaded the companies involvement um in N. Africa and North East Asia, Asia, before retiring like due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters in the novel do not hold as as like much textual importance as the things ( 'les 'les well choses' ) meticulously described throughout, which are the the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) is a town in the the Metropolitan Borough of so Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north north of Chat Moss near I mean the foothills of the the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of the the Admiralty okay in the first two governments of Lord Lord Salisbury (1885 so - 1886; 1886 - 1892), 1892), and as Secretary of State so for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike Spike in like the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and and 2007, so and as of 2007, the the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 500, so 000 € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, incentives, signing a 3 um - year contract on a a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair pair of you know 'jorts' after the team returned returned from Newark, New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the though the tiger looked like it was was more aggressive um than the lion, their struggle became became more like that so of dogs unable to beat beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th 19th century, among his you know good good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely completely like within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) (Squamish) um traditional territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that that found like form in their architect a congregational space space that was used chiefly um for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage stage the uh play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and you know backed backed him against the other main party on the the Privy Council, uh headed by the 7th Earl of of Rothes: in September so he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling with water, cracks begin to to appear in okay the dam on its upstream heel heel when the uh reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - - November 2, 1996) I mean was born as the second son son of Reynold Lambert like Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines outlines six important uh aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' well well on its vocals created and a 'moody' production that that okay was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four okay of of his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 I I mean October 2001) was a British television channel owned owned well and operated by Life TV Media, it it launched in you know October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox the Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended ended operations you know with little fanfare, as SEPTA management management turned their attention to um the electrified commuter lines lines they began operating on January 1, I mean 1983 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu so so Dhabi - based Eagle Hills and he also acts as as a top um adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would tyson would continue to dominate the fight into into round 5 I mean and, with a minute left left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the the well Pyramid - consumers at the level of Bonding Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in um actuarial actuarial science, and these programs usually have highly specialized I I mean coursework schedules and series of exam exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi the Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, image, okay that Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus thus so all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another another stratovolcano (located like in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for for about 2 - like 3 years, interrupting the trend trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La 'La okay Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later later um joined Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where well well she played up to December 1999, and then then in January okay 2000 signed a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet booklet of music performed um by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make okay it it an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and rk and inspiration inspiration since so the late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and and eaten so with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay mission Bay is served by the N Judah Judah well line of San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain Caltrain rail um system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently currently owned so by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it was up to private individuals to to provide okay priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and and it was for uh this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels of endemism and that of species richness you you know are frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic oceanic islands, there you know is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, I I mean but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of the Muses Muses um on the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began began in the I mean 6th century B. C. Its greatest greatest period began from the okay 3rd century B. C C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant Elephant uh The Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum museum with screenings okay for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable like like star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women Women um and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Cindy Chupack, Ayelet like Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's party's caucus on May uh 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating rating is recognized okay as one of the 'oldest' rating rating still existing in today's well modern U. S. Navy, which which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for for okay 40 years or more', but Red Fife is is a I mean landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), 1652), was okay married to the daughter of Elizabeth of of Bohemia, like Henriette Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a as a first - year law student in in 1891, Crawford um (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the the home like for sale and then gone out of town, town, and the uh daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he he discovered I mean the Juruena river, in northern Mato Mato Grosso which is an important tributary okay of the Tapajós Tapajós river along with the discovered the um Nambikwara Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a a palace in uh Downton on one of the islands islands by the Moot when the so palace was was taken down and the stone is thought so to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska is a one of the more okay northern northern stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who uh travel travel in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was it was directed by Hiro Murai and and produced by you know Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows arrows I mean continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs turloughs with well 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne chris Coyne is an Australian professional football football player who plays for I mean Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen chosen to well prevent the reduction in the the size of the school's playing uh fields, although a new new food technology block has been built where um the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is it is not a fox, wolf, coyote, coyote, dog, or jackal, but I mean a distinct canid, although although based only on morphological similarities, um it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, in 1930, while the Western Slovenia was was under Italian control, strategic well hills over Pivka Pivka were heavily fortified and included uh in the the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises I I mean near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, Hymettus, and which, I mean although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units of analysis in lexical semantics semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, information, okay built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an well American American writer and United States Marine officer who won the well well National Book Award for fiction in 2014 for his his uh first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin Chaplin in um one of his very first acting roles during during its uh first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' is is well the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth eighteenth season, originally okay airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, well they they try to call him to warn him but are you you know confronted by the assassin who spares their lives lives since they okay are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid in mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce Commerce and most okay of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn Brooklyn to uh Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he he had refurbished a um 100, 000 - square - - foot warehouse and announced like plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent um um players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military I mean mean reforms of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile systems systems you know over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the the reason for like the extinction of the larger larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir you you know apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf golf tournament on well the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal of this project is to promote connection I mean mean and celebration as the residents join together in a a community that you know is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, Charon, so here played as a gum - chewing chewing valley girl, like who refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William William Smith okay Colleges, and previously served as the weekday co-anchor co-anchor for WOFL like - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and and well noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', Woman', which premiered in okay the United States Congress and has has since been invited to I mean screen at The The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an an official, I mean purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' Daotai' for him, like and the family arranged a marriage marriage for him with Yao okay Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar dollar contract ($ 100, like 000 per year for ten years), and and in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator Senator uh - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland Maryland State Senate okay and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category compiles all pages based solely as a list list okay of members by band; his list does not not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the I I mean main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already already won so both the Masters and U. S. Open, to to try to emulate Hogan's okay feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch Dutch music um producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and and um vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian Egyptian excavations so at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), Delta), and since 1987 he has um been directing a a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, County, North Carolina, okay United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in in Baltimore, you know and then transferred with her cousin cousin Bessie to the um Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 season season so and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently allocating frequently used variables to registers can be be critical to a I mean program's performance; this register allocation allocation is performed either by a compiler so in in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted quoted by so the BBC from years past as as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake earthquake okay completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around around their like 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia cilia that work um in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and so so former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on I I mean 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although I mean mean testimony at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered a you know know idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she will try to I I mean seduce will be Richard and while Trish is is away invites um him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest railway railway like station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep cool well well and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts Argonauts so of the CFL and played 8 games in in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day day I mean Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in in Vienna) was the first I mean valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the the headline 'Sooner uh or later Love is defeated by Scandal', Scandal', enumerates the um love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of of okay its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection okay to to include tractors, steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed appointed as the um manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 1922 I mean after the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' Historique' in like 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front front gates um of the school and forced it to close, while while officers of well the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which like like polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure which um has has two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to okay form a a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - tees - side Airport railway station station serves Durham Tees like Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, 2013, um a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed formed in so 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest so Italian Italian non-profit association not linked with the Catholic um Church, Church, with 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO I I mean Safety 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will I I mean share their vision for the future as keynotes, as as every so sector of the evolving new music business business convenes to discuss uh their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only craft craft I mean upon which James Murray could lay lay hands, the ship was sent I mean eastward to hasten hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to to become so a presenter as well as a singer; singer; in 2016, she will present well the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib like like University Foundation (a not - for - profit profit organization) with so its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is is a well British professional boxer who has held the IBF IBF welterweight okay title since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Felix like Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the late 1980s he had become one of of well New Zealand's most recognised actors on his own I I mean soil. He was a much loved feature of of uh many local films made between 1981 and and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist the journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, Ovadia, you know has allegedly been denied an interview by by Morrison, however interviews have so been granted to to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short the short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) 1925) I mean was succeeded by an even shorter shorter - lived first I mean Albanian Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress I mean passed passed the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, Act, providing well legislative authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, uh Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn Tallinn Art so University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) ) uh in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the in the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is is praising the uh wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 20 March okay 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in I I mean La Jolla, California, in the parking lot of of a you know golf course, where he claimed claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the I I mean earliest implementations of this process where orders were taken taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during during you know the 6th and 7th centuries, during the the trying period when the okay Visigoths had been defeated by by the Frankish King like Clovis I, and was considered considered to be the center so of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E E. Darski and I mean T. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study study of the Soviet population so from 1922 - 1991 1991 which was published by the like Russian Academy of Science in in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr Mr. Baldwin um was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and and by independent so MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony you you know Crook, and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that I I mean are many times larger and more massive massive than the Sun. Such so stars live for only a few few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the the uh Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've I I mean gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance however, Vance left the play during its its out - well of - town tryouts, later saying saying she felt the uh role was not right for her her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of of the contract will uh fund the financial loss incurred incurred by any rise in the so physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations stations you know to Univision, which converted them into Spanish Spanish language outlets; some okay affiliated with Univision, but most most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is is an important so commercial street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 1804 - April 4, so 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is home to a 4 - time state state um champion football team, which won three state titles titles in you know 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Dix Hills, um serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad as Conrad works through his minefield of of emotions with Dr um. Berger and learns to to try to confront rather than control so them, he starts starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), um a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were popular for a brief period; however, the market market for like such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent advent of video, and I mean publication of 'photonovels' 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does you know not not join Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around around on his um own, but he joins the Wrecker Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime in well the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and um um studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting after quitting high school he met met an Armenian music well band, using their instruments he learned music music by experience and I mean after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed killed during the well sudden attack and the crusade force advanced advanced toward the town um of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was was killed and the crusade um force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a player chooses to take down the don't well well pass line bet, he or she can no longer longer lay you know odds behind the don't pass line, line, but can still um lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the unlike the original implementations of Prolog, Prolog, it has a well separate compilation phase, rather than than being directly interpreted, which so allows a much wider range range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to to the south okay bank of the river a short short walk from Thames Street, so Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is I mean in in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and and I mean most is in the East Midlands Midlands region; the county is the you know only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - I mean mean a Leopard tank with a Hagglunds flail system and and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald bald like head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged well between between sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant um store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' Oath' also appears I mean in 'More Friends - - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final so Fantasy Orchestra Concert Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Joint Committee on uh Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network the Network Information Center (NIC), later known known as InterNIC, was the like Internet governing body primarily primarily responsible for domain name well allocations from 1972 until September September 18, 1998 when this role was you know assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year well - - old girl who lives on Witch Tree so Lane Lane and, along with the other people who live on okay the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly nearly all I mean of the governor's 11 - member Executive Executive Council were U so. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive appointive offices in the um government of Puerto Rico had had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River Plate presented new opportunities for these these captains of free well enterprise particularly to keep grain grain lines open to the North uh of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King King of well Axum (Abyssinia) al - ­ Najāshī, gave gave them refuge well and protection and refused the requests requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that the the Emperor okay would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June June 1979, London) okay is best known as being the former guitarist guitarist for like Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October okay 31, 1795), 1795), who assumed the name of de you know Warville, Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as as South so Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan well well in western attire without a headscarf, upset the you know ultra ultra conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, Soulstone, and knowing it you know is too dangerous to leave in in the hands of well mortals or angels, takes the the Black Soulstone back to Sanctuary um and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross cross the Atlantic um Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his his voyage, which uh arose from a dare with his his friends over a game of so cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from from 1967 so to 1970, compiling a record of 15 15 -- 25 um -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer customer so base, the two partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing manufacturing okay line -- when the first production batch rolled out, you you know Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and and working out I mean of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, uh uh the first is situated in the fact that a okay small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best okay Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the the album to be I mean written entirely entirely by Bowie, it was released as a um single ahead of of the album and charted in okay the Top Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are so dying in the the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main façade is dominated by the bell bell tower like and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected respected men's professional well basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, chance, well but at the end of a near near - perfect dinner party, um the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, you you know New York) is an American professional ice hockey hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of uh SeaTankers SeaTankers Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder founder of like OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety variety of Spanish okay and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest newest movie and um vaudeville house outshone most of its its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a I I mean retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading 3' 3' strand, I mean changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was a member of the Union League League and you know helped to unionize black workers in in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike unlike his like father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different different positions, with uh X and Y closer together than than Y and I mean Z, the temporal interval between the the X and Y flashes like is perceived to be shorter shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was born in the late 15th century to so one one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he okay okay has claimed he didn ´ t know which of the the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test so so in 1976 when, taking off under its own power power from an you know old dirt strip near near Moscow, it was flown by you know pilot A A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting like like accident, to which the former judge responded by you you know largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities and well well Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and on on I mean the Board of Directors of the American American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 um September September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked I mean mean version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed uh general general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was was also used so at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and and um he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took like like Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one one could uh get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building the building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and and built like with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 on 29 April April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has written on political science, exploring how game theory theory would I mean treat social contracts; his analyses are are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) ) is I mean a Russian professional ice hockey right right winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and content content uh of the videos, including suggestions that it it may have like been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer summer like and autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily and okay okay Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north the north and south towers were completed in in 2006 and you know 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Bay Street just you know south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, I mean caused caused in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively relatively you know small, but it is nevertheless a key factor factor so in its economy - there are more than than 120 publishers so in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win win and also led so them in their centenary year, but but left the club in 1976 okay when he was transferred to to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre I I mean with a science fiction theme centering on a union okay okay between a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and and received from the uh Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - - man you know World Cup at 2014 - 15 season season when you know he had 15 (from 16) podium podium finishes in you know two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, (Jamaica, Queens), uh New York ) is an American American rapper, who first began rapping okay at the age of of 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content the content focuses on the titular titular event in the 'Fallout' like timeline before the Great War took took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate agraduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored stored away I mean with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG the MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine machine okay gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War War so II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers numbers uh and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns concerns about you know its business practices - in in particular the exclusivity requirement for well the service (potentially (potentially establishing a form of so monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and you know know by the end of the season is kicked off like the the 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his his so infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's Seville's okay K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar Bar located in New York um City opened in 1992 created created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared okay in in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the in the late 18th and early 19th 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Healing you know Arts Press, 2007 - contains a detailed detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal okay spinocerebellar spinocerebellar tract, a way in which stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive I I mean information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting after starting a fight in the mess hall, Han Han is dragged uh to an isolation cell for punishment punishment where he overpowers um the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached he detached his baggage train, 100 infantry infantry and 20 cavalry like under the command of of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills uh further down down the Deep River, then set off you know know with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - - June uh 22, 1992) was a British track racing racing cyclist whose okay ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 from 1932 he was also part - - time Ophthalmologist to the okay Queensland School Health Services, Services, was in charge of um the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of Indian Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had had been handed I mean down in Australian football, the the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the well well Burid emir of Damascus, but he too was tired tired or well waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral the orchestral version was first performed at so a a Concert Lamoureux under the baton of Charles Lamoureux on well November November 25, 1888, while the choral version premiered three three like days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at at the uh Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the the War uh Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of of determined men; okay except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest contest for like the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child um um abuse, since 1979 and has appeared as a featured I I mean expert on child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, Trenton, the route I mean is a freeway that includes a tunnel tunnel that um was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Westminster's Chief Lord I mean of the Woods Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, well a large and ponderous ponderous man known affectionately in the House as like 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play you you know for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the the rent you know for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the the hall in so which the wedding will take place place -- it's where well Emily's parents got married, and the the wedding will be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia multimedia desktop um video standard for IBM - compatible compatible personal computers, developed around you know 1984 by Section Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried buried in like City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was okay damaged damaged during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after uh uh it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December December 2011 as like a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an an international star everywhere like but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in in well February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch Lynch for allegedly not like paying him, the company was foreclosed foreclosed by Security Pacific like Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and and started in an well office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the the second single um and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have cited the downpoint of the album like being being the poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers um um has stated that it was hard to have a like like producer do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died died in so Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice Choice award for so his debut record 'Airport People', People', he also successfully okay won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was it was digitally released on on iTunes on 17 September 2014 um and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is hotaru is a hero from the realm of of like Seido or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law law and so order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese Chinese um and Asian markets are made by Axl in in China, well these guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her like like great efforts in trying to promote the country she she loves like so much she was widowed 12 years ago ago but so has managed to raise 3 charming children the the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases you know him him down to a lake and they help um Zachary get get baptized in a lake with a okay worker in the the Bowl - A-Rama who was going well to become a a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the like the Upanishads it admits of several several meanings at the you know same time. He among with other other yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, um Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and and well Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns as a primary character in in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' you know and reappears in' where where she remains generally the same as like in the the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program okay okay for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't you don't need to buy loads of magazines, magazines, you know make a thousands of calls and write thousands thousands of e-mails, I mean thanks to specialist section you are are able to create your well own individual profile where where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising advertising like executive and the head of the New York and New New well England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment investment banking, you know eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF the CCF was founded in West Berlin Berlin on 26 June you know 1950 to find ways to to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and thermal and structural limits were also present; as air air okay is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV KV - I mean 1 was invulnerable to almost any German German weapon except you know the famous 88 mm gun even then then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the the University I mean of York, after which he spent spent four months working I mean for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent patent for well a food namely a cucumber that was was structural I mean modified vs GM. Patent US patent US D527165 is is landmark patent like because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping dropping you know out of the Top 100 and found herself herself you know as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth fourth you know and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, 2010, and he played uh Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made she made her television debut on the Fox so so show New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on on to well appear in About a Boy, The Young and and um the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 the M38A1 Jeep was used in in the Korean War, um which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry her daughters so so to wealthy men; whether or not any such such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American American Communist so movement, was close to the Communist Party Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers um Association Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the the um low - reflection front surface; only a much much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed backed football well (soccer) club based in Sydney, New New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up up in Tranemo, so Sweden at the age of seventeen seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is haunted by the day when he he discovered his I mean wife and father making love; love; he begins displaying okay signs of mental instability with their their sudden, unwelcomed like presence in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman Chairman of like the President's Council of Economic Advisers from from 1993 to I mean 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the the probability density okay function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an an okay infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head well well and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage coverage for you know which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook Island like like professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University the University of Management Sciences and and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی I mean براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) uh was was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, actress, um and also appeared as a backing singer in in the video uh for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro Cutud is a city in in the Philippines which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The The so Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, University, and I mean later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan this metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan well well county of West Yorkshire and has a population of of approximately 1. 5 um 5um million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid Madrid to I mean be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', recovered', which featured a sample of Spanish like Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though even though she has an above average IQ, she she is not um a very good student, except for Art, Art, in which she always well has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, uh and and as their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, in 2006, he was nominated as the the one of uh front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Penrith Panthers 'Team well of Legends' but lost out to to Terry Geary (8 seasons - um 1969 - 76) 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one only one practitioner responded, and the results results were not statistically so significant, though the practitioner did did correctly identify 11 of well 20 subjects as either either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers okay for mnnit mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff staff had been okay invited to volunteer for redundancy; this this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his well well landholdings, Taylor was promoted to colonel of the 1st 1st Infantry well Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm chalk Farm is a place in the London London Borough of you know Camden, best known as as the site of 'The Roundhouse', I mean a a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( ( 'Altiplano' um ) of western - central Michoacan State, State, the like River takes a course mainly towards the south, and and finally so drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; played played I mean a key role in a political crisis that that threatened to um tear the Liberal government and the the country apart and incurred well the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off off okay - track students in their education preparing them them for I mean high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard uh uh University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division as as I mean a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete concrete to I mean keep costs down, but a steel steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke john Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the um um Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, like the the remaining northern portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was she was drawn to the project project to give her well young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) (her) and get um a sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on on Fifth okay Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution Institution uh for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space space hospital I mean was shifted to other building and and the same building was uh converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas Milgerinas and Tučė, you know grew unhappy with expanding power of of Mindaugas and his clan so and invaded Lengvenis' estate estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing sentencing under um their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard george Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at at like the age of forty - two; his funeral was you you know held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May on May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted spotted the 'Queen uh Mary', loaded with American troops and and supplies, and submerged to so attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else from the TV show has left left the group, and okay been replaced by bass singer singer Reggie Battise, bass player so Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West the West Cornwall Railway was a railway uh uh company in Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to you know operate operate the existing Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter for I I mean 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling uh uh still struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, they they you know have been hit hard by the drop drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the well well University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were were an English okay rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her her 'the well hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like the the winds of okay a graveyard; the second, played by by oboes, is slower okay and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre well well is located at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney Sydney and well consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw greatly greatly expanded like crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II ang II also functions within the RAAS RAAS as a okay negative feedback to suppress the the further release of renin, um reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was he was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper well founded in in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published published um no more fiction during the remaining remaining two decades like of his life. Thereafter he thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April April 10, 1894, um for the disintegrator, as the the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - to to uh - business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content so so and other value - added services which which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Aughavas Co um. Leitrim and leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number you you know of times that the wire was pulled pulled through a draw you know plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they although they did not have what is is classified as uh Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that that there was um enough kid power that one could gain kid kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 1945 in Port um Angeles, Washington United States) is is President of the I mean and originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they you you know could pass to obtain the Green Card which which like will determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who who you know played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which are uh uh executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents john's parents fly up from Los Los Angeles to the Draytons' so dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country was divided into different economical and political okay systems, with with several kinds of currency in circulation, and like like the ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few afew months after Womer was born born his okay mother (Roxie) took ill, and it it became increasingly difficult for well her to care for for four children and his you know parents decided to send him to to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty sugars, sugars, well but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 at at well Melbourne in the next Test, after Barnes had had dismissed you know Bardsley, Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George George well Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest the oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos I mean mean and, as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was um um appointed as the NDP critic on the Environment, and and sat um as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of well well Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses houses okay were houses or inns where horses were were kept and could uh be rented and postriders could be hired hired to take so travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, at 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College College where she I mean made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia the Sinaia lead plates are a set set of lead uh plates written in an unknown language or constructed language language and uh are alleged to be a chronicle of of the Dacians, okay but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety variety um of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became um um a derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking peaking as um high as 91 mph (147 km / / h) in well Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of of underarm uh and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O O so. M.' around 2004 -- 05, where he he noted that you know the character was pretty strong, but but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish Swedish um professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 from 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the the French so army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss the Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers Scorers (swissFocus) was like constituted in June 2001, its objectives being being to promote you know and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring Scoring in Switzerland, and I mean to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories I I mean tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre acre Forward um Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning meaning like a mast step, which by its arrangement of boards allows allows the you know mast to be raised and lowered, lowered, and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to to you know 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U. S. Remake Remake starring so Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the by the age of twenty he had had taken over the okay malt - making side side of the family business and well in June 1567 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't aren't some excellent well images among the finalists, indeed, all of the other other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have been been 'Cuib', you know with the title of 'king' of of Cobo making it's I mean first appearance in the Annals of of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when uh uh engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry infantry division um required up to 1, 100 tons of of supplies a okay day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime pastime among okay peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen okay okay & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed installed at I mean the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than than like its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is is well the result of a fault - block that well is is analogous to a cellar door: the door um is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, uh uh which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, smaller, more brutish I mean cousins; the mother rats using using their superior intelligence to so guide their servants servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his well well stage name D. O. , is a South Korean Korean singer so and actor best known as a member and and one of well the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is half the size of all previous previous basic I mean receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video video and S - Video um outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
The merger the merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 like like in Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and and like with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) uh uh is an American former diplomat, university administrator and so so politician from Ohio, he is a member of the Democratic Democratic um Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, I I mean Deng was a political activist and knew knew little about military, their well personalities and personal lives were were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge line is both notable and and notorious you know for having several single - track sections, sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics um um prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely closely like related to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S okay okay. Citizens graduating citizens graduating with degrees in in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, um and mathematics - computer science science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two so - - stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with uh uh a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios so so of 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes the planes had originally been flown as as part of Japan's uh 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units Units and Shanghai Kokutai like on the mainland, and and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy okay okay units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is is okay not the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did not have have well any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells her loves her and their love I mean was was always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the the drink was uh a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, Head, whilst its sole uh video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the you you know HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has it has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an okay okay action of the Eighty Years 'War in which a a uh Dutch Republican army captured the city of's - um um Hertogenbosch which had been loyal to the King King um of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma Enigma debut, well they released a third CD, 'State of of Control' and you know a full production Live CD on Medusa Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with well well a white blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by by Larry like King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as as well Mayor of Auckland and was re-elected to to this office well in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since since okay 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached the top ten in the United United I mean Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, and and became Kelis 'biggest success you know to date on' Billboard' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the by the end of 2005, the consolidated consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation you know increased its assets by almost almost 10 times, and took the okay 5th place in the the DCM, also it was well among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b 8b/10b encoding -- so every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits bits of data um -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on the uh uh Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Bath okay Road where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road Road (still I mean named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and like like a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's mother's maiden like name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, Hahn Hahn I mean was released and in July 1933 he was able to to well emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has he has opened a laboratory of ceramics in in Umbria, operating okay between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school the school was founded in 2000, 36 years years after the you know mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have left their so courses courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new new well tendency is emerging as students who complete their their GCE Advanced you know Level examination enter private higher educational educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th 16th century, I mean when the Japanese conquered it, and and the city was further damaged I mean when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their uncle uh uh begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel franz Werfel was born a German - speaking speaking Jew in I mean Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern southern Punjab to this day um and speak the Seraiki Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the um um siege by arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery artillery barrage I mean which enabled a ground assault by by Bosnian uh and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- -- 'exotic' mesons made well of two quarks and two antiquark, antiquark, but the um particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) India) is uh believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and so caused caused chaos - fire was poured on the Vichy um defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician the physician assistant program was first accredited on on May you know 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large um um males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, in 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment entertainment company RPEG Ltd which um organized world tours and and booked live performances for various you know artists including Wu - - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very very so different than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and and though so sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear clear out scar uh tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British British First you know Army in Tunisia and from there there it fought through uh the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is is uh a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell tell him well about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance alliance and worked so with them to trick Mookie into misplaying misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary I mean mean and Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' 'Oberst' and well chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, an experimental satellite - based based weapon that fires um miniature black holes, called the Dimension Dimension Tide, opens a okay wormhole through which a giant prehistoric prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also studied Drama and used to combine writing with with okay her work as an actress and producer producer in her country, okay where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, 26, like but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside onside kick um and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around okay Jumet, he he was active in the vicinity of Charleroi; uh uh included in his output are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight um um division race in which they finished one game out so so in the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father allen's father was a professional boxer, boxer, his mother died when um he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his well well generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in the the US you know the band decided to film a a higher budget video: the American I mean video for this song song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and Eric um Roberts in in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on you you know a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time goes by they go to the race race I mean track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), (李建秋), they set um up their establishment of the federation in in Beijing as the um philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option in support support like of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), (B), the so SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of well a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the given the precarious political connections of Sher Sher Afghan before his well death, his family was in great danger danger and therefore um for her own protection, protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source um exhibit photon photon antibunching, so that the time between I mean mean two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater well opportunity opportunity as a main cast member on like 'Traffic Light' Light' along with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition well well and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to okay okay 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is is a Canadian I mean actor / producer / writer writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training um um academy was permitted to remain open as an independent training training like organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by by 'coemptio' uh or 'usus': in the latter, a woman um could could avoid her husband's legal control simply by by okay being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high high throughout the night, uh at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science Science so and Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who um um played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at at representative well level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body well well was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to I I mean take Azmaria as far away as they can, but but I mean before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into into stone and uh takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was once a full member of the university university you know but has now left (though it it retained some so ties) having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with persons with parental responsibility should also be be consulted and you know if they object the child child (unless they are okay over 16 years old) can can not be accommodated under well Section 20 of of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu like is is the story of the Eel and the I mean Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Perla Gabriela Sánchez, like quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused caused by medical negligence like during her birth and has has been treated for the you know condition at the Children's Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos I I mean Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third third like episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Los Angeles Sparks In well 2016, Carson won her her first WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought okay - - provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement in in well contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is is okay often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair Chair of Electrical okay Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university you you know - based, amateur handball club registered in the England England Handball uh Association, which hosts both men's and women's women's teams, so and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some you you know of Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American American like actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William William I mean Rawls on HBO series 'The Wire' from from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase I mean the whole whole Ward End site and further expand so Wolseley's works works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September September um 20, 1965) was born near McComb and attended the the University like of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country country like music singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made gateson made her film debut in 1931 after after a okay career on the stage of more than than two decades, playing you know secondary character roles as as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a configuration I I mean which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended attended a like few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, priest, he like was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in the okay okay USA to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District District well near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 28, 000 um students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun uh uh Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four four so room house about 1803 and was called called Clergy Hall by well Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while while um the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before just before the Riley Center was completed, completed, the city announced that okay it had bought the the Threefoot Building from a private well developer, hoping that a a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for well the the first time due to an injury of Benedikt Benedikt Höwedes you know in a 4 -- 0 home home win against Nuremberg; he also so scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the like official official religion as a way for people to seek so their own relationships relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated you you know in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which which was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an I I mean American professional basketball player for the Los Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy Lucy you know is exposed as a liar in the the subsequent you know inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located located 20 so km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also he also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly Reilly uh & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and and uh was the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired desired okay to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April April 1985 ) is well a South Korean football winger, winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of you you know the Premier League season in a a 2 -- 2 I mean draw at home home to Stoke City, and on 26 well September, Dier scored scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending like Loc Ninh Ninh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, so 5th 5th Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong you know Vinh, Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a a well summer league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE so so O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins in in so single - candidate votes, although there is room you know know for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly well well led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the the Greater so Los Angeles Area serving parts of the the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became uh uh a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 season, season, you know and in early 1947, Benaderet and and Berner momentarily so took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign policy the nation never joined the League League of Nations, but uh instead took the initiative to disarm the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where where dismounts go, I mean do what dismounts do, work work among dismounts,' carry of squad I mean equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party party you know of employees and their families travelled by by steamer to Brisbane, so disembarked in Moreton Bay, and and then, with livestock and you know supplies, set out on on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving evolving um musical styles, many of the later conceived artists artists in so the 80's and 90's are highly influenced influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the in the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after after a demonstration okay outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered he offered to pay $ 34, 187 187 in back um rent on the land to the the Bureau of you know Land Management, but the government government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling storytelling like to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful colorful well stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in (in the Gregory well - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime film film well it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan okay Går Går Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of of so the 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped enveloped by the so Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his from his exploration, Cormack prepared an an account of well his travels, which describes the interior with with an accuracy no okay subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test test like scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race race you know held on the road course at Indianapolis, Indianapolis, from 2005 to like 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is is the main like antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend girlfriend Abigail, though okay in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in Season Season well 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only uh uh leftist youth organization in the whole area of like the the Persian Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, Cinevistaas, based you know on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the on the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in okay okay South Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had been drinking since the war, but his his uh drinking became chronic, and led to a severe severe nervous breakdown which okay forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members of the team became jealous of the I I mean tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal uh uh Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member you you know of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by by Reverend you know John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose whose house in St John's well Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi Cerofisi was uh 'one of the toughest men in the world'; world'; police um suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however however um they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for for like a reverse auction, as back loads and part part loads often I mean require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off - road road vehicles uh planted two bombs, after their detonation, they they opened fire so on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 3, 500 like people marched through west Belfast; during the first first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character the character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had tod had dabbled in music while at RISD RISD with the like group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Cop Shoot Cop so collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band band recorded okay an album named Kneejerk with Steve Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand brand. Idea okay stores are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from um the the Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park so covers an area area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official track listing has been revealed except for uh uh 'Audience No. 2', the first single released on uh May 21st 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track uh 'Fat Kid', Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was it was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, Chākyār, a visionary and so virtuoso of this art took Koothu Koothu and Kudiyattam outside the okay temples to the common people, people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 in 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama drama based so loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in in his so participation in the murders committed at 925 925 Schuler: before um Corll vacated the address on on June 26, Henley well assisted Corll and Brooks in in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated graduated from the you know Philadelphia High School for Girls in in 1974 and from 1990 well to 1994, she was a member of of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they they you know are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving conserving the remaining okay water in the plant and occur on on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra um and and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County County um Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, audiences, um is the best - reviewed film in the like like 'X-Men' series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced traced back to um several earlier blues songs and it it has been suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery Montgomery County well (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd 2nd outdoor you know game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's name is a reference to the General like Robert Robert E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag um um on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the the you know events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited revisited so in the 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in in 2009 made um a return to International Handball with four four appearances for so Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the last um um name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a pub, uh uh a general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, the newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican Republican who was elected in 1996 to okay Moore's former seat seat and still serves in the chamber, called well well Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, speech, but after you know the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent years, however, the Rama population has has increased to um around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority majority of the population living you know on the island island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony harmony with their I mean nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet well well officials that same day, who asked if he wanted well well to return to the United States; he insisted to them them uh that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released so so US set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore uh do not not serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and and well blues scene in London, then traveled on to to Sweden as um a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science Science I mean and Technology in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Tahmineh Milani started I mean movie directing with Children Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards (Boulevards of the um Marshals) of today, and and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her following her death, John Say married secondly as her her I mean third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the like '9th '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in favor so of excluding the the pledge; quoted members said they well found the 'under God' portion portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster the youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season season making you know a total of seven appearances in his his first season you know as a professional, making his his debut as a substitute okay for Orient in a a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection collection of about uh 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the like like Scottish General Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median income for a household in the city city is I mean $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and and David okay King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; freelance; the I mean brothers wanted a software that that would let them uh track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light light for like anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of like like geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller uh uh (born September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the well 'Exposition 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, Center, as like part of the AND / OR Gallery Gallery in Seattle, like the center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders raiders well which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters I I mean from the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and uh uh directing 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
Stutz, a stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Worcester, Massachusetts, like attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz Stutz played well three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Basketball Association of America um as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the the three well ships were forced to stop in Los Los Angeles for repair and well on 13 April General MacArthur MacArthur reported blockade running was um 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as like like bait to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe Snipe okay later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line the line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via via Todd uh Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I I like am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry well as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With With well the purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 300 million uh in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Drug Store okay chain; in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, Smith, who so was sworn in on June 15th 2010, 2010, succeeding so John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire okay okay Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers so so positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner like and and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one one so kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple maple neck for well $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart I mean mean with Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now now with a uh woman fifteen years younger than her with with a baby you know on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), entered entered the employment um of the king of Sweden as as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American American like film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic Arabic okay language song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese um pan-Arab pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in the like projected projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from I mean mean the previous estimate of $ 16 million, down to to $ okay 1. 7 million, 7million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November uh uh 1886) was the first African - American to graduate graduate I mean from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and well well butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of of the I mean family that they will not leave and and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the school did did not um have a large budget and coach Erk Erk Russell ordered solid you know blue helmets and asked asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he studied at at okay Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his his daughter's legal uh problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos Santos was represented by you know two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was uh uh not short - listed for the top job well but but applied after he received a phone call from well well Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the well Turks and and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by Hurricane well Frances Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by by Colombian authorities in you know Cali during March 2004, accused accused of having shipped 150 kilograms well of cocaine to to the US in 1990, a crime which you know he had not not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded funded by I mean the National Science Foundation (NSF), will will deliver data and well data products for a 25 25 - year - plus time period well within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a a like restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an like like upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the so so first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work uh for a a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in you you know the southern states and then Cash began to tour tour well with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be be well effectively required in order to work, which is why why um some people use the term common - interest association well well to describe groups which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) 1944) I mean is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive cognitive scientist studying okay language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November November like 2010 which outlined many new developments, including the like impact impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, character, proper behavior' ) uh is the differentiation of intentions, intentions, decisions, and actions between uh those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon 'Pokémon Diamond' or 'Pokémon okay Pearl' as soon as the player has has gained access to I mean the Jubilife TV TV Station, assuming that the player well has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition in addition to his military service, due you you know to the influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he um um was a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British the British discovered Pau and its climate climate and left well their imprint, partly because Wellington left a a garrison like there in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at at Orthez (some like 40 km to the NW) on his his way you know into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team team so with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and and he was you know selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role the role is defined in standard forms of okay contract contract such as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal Tribunal well. Clerks of Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local uh uh homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March on March 1, 2007, he was released released one year um after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired huber retired as president of the Carpenters at at the end of you know his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins its origins can be traced back to the the like 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola Carniola like was divided into three administrative districts, given given by the scholar like Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse I mean mean arrives to give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi so so refuses him admission wishing to spare her the anguish anguish she you know would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, seasons, the um Cavaliers got off to a strong strong start winning their first I mean four games on their their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while while in the um water, bikini - clad, resulting in in the two girls you know having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established however, established New England political interests feared the the growth I mean of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New New so Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College is also one of the largest providers providers of workforce um training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes classes in a four I mean - county region and the the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino - - so Japanese War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns salterns in um North China and soon more than than half so the salt revenue was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics Athletics um in 1989 to win the World Series Series after losing in um the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Youth Congress um worker in the early Seventies and became became General Secretary so of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten ten weeks um of the total Basic Training period, period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, reception, although the I mean original distribution via an an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all the the power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit spirit like of the plant being used: in all cases, they they well must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest caused caused like some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this this action and like was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment outside of Westminster politics politics you know when he lost office in 1992, as the Development Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred to uh a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka Karnataka with well 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the victim victim so before the punishment and to remain throughout, in in general you know though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit the fruit is also known as 'Baby 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' and okay 'Mini Mandarin', all are are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the U. S S I mean. State of state of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in so 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and and so painting, and the abstracts spun a variety of of responses: I mean divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland the Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) PSUC1) was a so lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by by Leyland Motors like between 1951 and 1970, most most as 44 -- or uh 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in in 1913 when so he was age 18 and one of his his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title track was also recorded in the sessions sessions for you know this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was an uneasy calm built during the two two years I mean of emergency but the discontent lead to to a wave like in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and and most okay likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) well well term that has fallen out of favour with with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights advocate, um um scholar in the field of critical race theory, and and a okay professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was was an English journalist, well dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management management had I mean destroyed or atleast tried to hide the the evidence before like the police arrived and they they alleged that fellow students I mean were were asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence so that that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a a well okay known South African brand of rusks - - a traditional you know South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General General Oliver well O. Howard threatened to attack if the the Indians did like not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual vector of a plate's motion is a you know know function of all the forces acting on the plate; however, um um therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer okay okay who played in the 1950s, playing at representative level level for okay Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was the the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s 1760s so from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to trap and and okay cut off the column of armoured cars in the the um valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs departs with uh the stepstool Tyrion was to use to to cloak Sansa with um the Lannister colors; however however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic the Slavic people were simply considered uncultured uncultured and inferior okay by the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility fertility of uh the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the the so men in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could could enroll you know in the Ladies Department, which which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - - March 17, um 1974) was an American businessperson and politician politician. The Democrat King well served as the first United United States Representative from so California's 17th congressional district for for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, more bus lines were added to the the Bus so Station, a transport congestion started forming in the the uh station, and as a result bus stations started spreading towards towards the uh surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates in lectures and other projects with um um the local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in in 1685 you know a village of Greeks and Albanians Albanians which ranks first in um Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House of um um Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in British British uh Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier skier who is constantly uh innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met met Ambrosio twice, you know and the second time he told told him that he like had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground ground well on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are there are usually bus services such as the the Kopaja buses and like the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid rapid transit which okay is the longest bus rapid transit transit system in the like world, boasting some in 13 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes I mean and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest well well in social justice and a gifted linguist from from an you know early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived miller lived in Ohio before moving to to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and he you know describes describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely uh uh localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket pocket you know and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a a uh coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town the Town of Tchula is served by by the Holmes County um School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 1921 in Pirituba um principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and and died from so a heart attack at the age of of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town the Town of Homer was established when Onondaga Onondaga County I mean was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by by the like end of 25 June and the 49th Division Division I mean continued the attack southwards until 1 July, July, when the I mean division saw off a strong strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block uh away away reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - - Württemberg, the I mean only child of Christiane and Charles Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining joining okay up and passing under Kentish Town and and Kings Cross, you know running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon while Osorkon II's precise reign length length is unknown, you know some Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath Beckerath -- in his 1997 book I mean Chronology of of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson like have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Jean Pierre um Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather grandfather Louis Antoine uh Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har har dresser of the so queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling falling I mean unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says the only wealth in this world is I I mean children, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay Kay well to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, well well he is one of the most popular and influential influential actors like of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood I mean Hero Hero Award for the prom as well as the Bob okay okay Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center Center for his uh work on LGBT issues and and the Community Hero Award in uh Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of of dropping you know Logan into molten steel, however as as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the in the 1600s, a french pirate, pirate, Jambe de Bois, used pigeon um Island as his his base, he forged an agreement with like the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 okay okay ) is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her her you know daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani Kanani I mean and Keli'i ) all four who help help run the I mean center. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy heavy losses so due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo Castelnuovo eventually fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine the Marine Corps will lead an investigation into into the uh incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of of the I mean two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a a bomb beneath Jake's um porch, leading him to to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over over two decades, and I mean Henry was subject to long imprisonment by by Hugh; but after Henry's okay son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not well America, America, 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during I I mean the seventh season of the American reality series' series' American so Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is unknown; so so perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that that okay in itself does not prove that Bess was in service service uh at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of uh uh her parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) 1995) is an well American high school basketball player, and in in 2015 was featured like as one of the most most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will will be given as I mean 5. 6 seconds and and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built built to you know service the Horizon Oil Sands project of of Canadian Natural Resources okay Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive extensive internal so reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; well well almost all the original ornate plasterwork was so removed removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February February so 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae okay okay festivals occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the however, the return of Goulding meant Briers was was dropped uh to the reserves, missing out on an an appearance in the um final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the king's king's I mean brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did did not ask for the so usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many many great okay scientists and researchers that Crowley worked with over over I mean the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with uh uh a cat mask, which is the only part part of um her visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are are highly uh efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in you you know love with each other again and after an an argument, Arnav okay decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files files um occupy a multiple of sectors regardless of the the file's I mean actual size files that do do not fill a whole like sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend girlfriend I mean was a student of the Hong Hong Kong Institute of okay Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein vein so that the artisans say is chemically unique unique but at well current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, like there there is also an overall champion titled the All - - I mean Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in you know the Kalush Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the the Austro - so Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, father, I mean Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield warehouse warehouse you know during 1988, the US Lone Star expert expert Dallas. J. Mallerich you know was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a uh professional Czech Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after after signing uh a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous the previous voyages had been in search of of the mythical you know Strait of Anián Anián and the Island of I mean California, which according to to a previously published romance novel in Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane hurricane on you know October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the age of 100, he was one of of you know the oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser (born (born um 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician best best known uh for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based based in like Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is you know know a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good good like reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and I I mean has earned distinctive spots on various site charts charts like mp3 uh. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3 mp3. Com and you know was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in uh uh pre-Columbian Maya society can be inferred only from their elaborate elaborate burial uh sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal so so became its first honorary president and, upon his death, was was uh succeeded by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an uh American American rock musician from Detroit that is most popular you you know for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis of the okay okay E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, 1904, I mean and in the same year the Central Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard I I mean to see if Fanny's hat was there, but um um the door closed behind her and she she found herself okay back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is um um a PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts Massachusetts so and is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with with Tulasnellaceae, while uh epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 okay okay -- 24 November 1857) was a British general general who is particularly uh associated with India and his his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for for so one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the whole tour I I mean in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 56 million, though, you know with the addition of extra extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two proposed freeways were planned as toll so so roads, and in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Expressway Authority okay Act was signed into law, creating the New Jersey Jersey Expressway okay Authority that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came herpich came up with the idea idea to replace Ward with a okay futuristic man named Cuber; Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so I mean that that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous continuous mission ever I mean attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was was uh created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of of Greater I mean London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status like like Quo, which was released as a single in in 1972 well (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco Bay Bay like Area. By 2030 by 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 81, um 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and and potato, you know Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly unexpectedly great um flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species species selection uh is S. J. Gould who has proposed the the view that like there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape shape evolution beyond the uh level of species and are are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two okay okay years Thrace was in the hands of Halil I I mean Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 on 9 January 2011, at a political meeting meeting at well the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney Blaney disclosed that he well and his wife had had agreed to an amicable um separation and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the the you know archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of of okay the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The 'The I mean Case of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder remainder of uh the decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first the first documented use of the term term is okay within a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel Rebel MC, in um which a sample was taken taken from a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO AlPO 4 so and have framework structures with microporous cavities cavities and the frameworks so are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll threatened them as they came, one by you you know one; the two older ran off, but the like like youngest set out, having asked for food, and when when the I mean troll threatened him, he pulled out out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d you you know. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems um 'Beowulf' and and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may I mean be a a mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is a fictional character from the the 'Matrix' film series, portrayed okay by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon from you know know June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season okay okay introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style so so and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in like 1894 1894 the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to to I mean the British public; only four years later, Britain Britain and France uh were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in in you know the process of developing a 10 acre acre wetland site um having already installed stone paths paths at a cost of I mean £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first the first offshore wind farm was installed in in Denmark in 1991, okay and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and okay okay financier, he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, you you know a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles Angeles based award - so winning filmmaker who has produced and directed directed over 70 well professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north of I I mean Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar is villagers villagers okay called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it was designed to be a summer summer retreat for okay the aristocracy, it was built alongside the the lake; the villa well was named after an elm planted planted in the middle of I mean the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded founded in okay 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model model / actor um / DJ and is the the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan Pan like American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where where the like lead character is not am ambitious ambitious feminist but is well a woman based in the home home but a sensitive woman uh who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions and art events were held I I mean in the space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van well Barneveld Barneveld attempted to pull him back to congratulate him so after after their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was he was a devout Anglican in the high high church tradition um and a benefactor to local churches, churches, paying for the restoration of um his local church and and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his father he had inherited a war against you you know the Byzantine Empire and against the the Turks in the east, and like negotiations of peace had just just begun with the like Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their their Underwater Systems like in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on on Karate putting a strong so emphasis on chopping and and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is the reason why Manx is no longer uh uh a part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him um um for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to a a heart well illness and can only be deciphered to to be athlete's heart through okay careful examination by a a health care practioner which uh will commonly notice normal normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian all Australian states require that firearms must must be locked in well steel cabinets or safes, with with the ammunition (and bolt if uh readily removed) stored either either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I 'I Am Number 8' well and parallels a look at King King David's life with you know his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced he practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Muchin um Rosenman LLP and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming becoming a so baseball agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Sports Management, um a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring as a player, Richards went into into local government like in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse adoghouse (chiefly in American English) or a like like kennel is a small shed, often built in the the um shape of a little house, in which a dog dog uh is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal this proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's Bailey's vision of providing further education um to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it as it is updated manually it does does not reflect the I mean current content of either either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play play I mean the 2010 season for the Newark Newark Bears. He hit like. 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located located in like Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the the island um and as of 2004, the State of Florida Florida was offering like a site in the Island Gardens project project on Watson Island um to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 in 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Truax Field. The like 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Shooting Star and so later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho UMinho in the I mean opening round but their their domestic campaign ended with a okay 5th place finish and therefore therefore the team missed well out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where where the well only food he has is coconuts, but but he wants to you know go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes I I mean the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is is an um attractive female (believing that statutory rape is is not a crime well if the perpetrator is a beautiful beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving moving okay to england In 1965, where he worked worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a a uh Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several several times, so the first in mid- 1935, as the the committee launched a you know major probe into utility utility companies funding opposition to uh the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of you know know Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the École École you know Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior 'Senior managers I mean in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became he became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Kaiser Wilhelm okay II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni Taglioni you know scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide Sylphide to show off so her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in I I mean the Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and and as uh an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair apair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars cars okay appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond Bond you know film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car car chase with so James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August August I mean 1929) was a career solider who commanded the the you know First Battalion of the King's African African Rifles in the first so - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played marlo played a major role in the Captain Captain Marvel series until you know she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film okay okay which takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne the Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in in uh Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, it was was well constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the the I mean 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center the Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven 'seven well - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred abhorred violence and like therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, later, Julius Penrose, so Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā so d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions traditions of the uh Church of the East, one one of the oldest Christian churches whose I mean origins origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of um um the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student so who moved moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing Qing well Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the well well First Sino - Japanese War to made China discontinue discontinue the influence uh on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship ship of the 19th well century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or you know Yarshagumba) Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of you know parasitic parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original the original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 2, 328 like performances and won five Tony Awards, and the the musical has uh been revived four times on on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation Corporation in the um state of Andhra Pradesh, it is is located on the banks you know of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains he maintains close contact with the Belgian Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij okay Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his his release from prison he you know was from 1997 state state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first historical reference to the castle occurs occurs in so 1191, when King Richard I of England England captured it on I mean his way to the Third Third Crusade by defeating Isaac okay Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third um um single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet the X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are are attacked by okay the Air Force, however, they manage manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame 'Flame like Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of you you know the organization involved in production of audio - visual visual okay presentations and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, 273, um by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was was like high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium cadmium became apparent, uh industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced reduced in so most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was so so presented, which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio well well and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is so the the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station also houses a large Emergency Tender Tender ( Call so Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, uniform, although there well is a dress code, however in in 2006 'Smart Fridays' were well introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold uh a a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding you know know Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and and uh future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the the number of boat houses well marked on old maps, including including two on the Arborfield like estate, one of which still exists, exists, one near Mill Lane well at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a a conventional like engine and propeller mounted on the the tail of the airship; um the rolled seams intended to to hold the panels together well subsequently unrolled owing to to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes sometimes well used for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution solution uh is to use a thermistor or an ordinary ordinary well incandescent light bulb; both provide a resistance that that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as a a okay free agent with the New York Rangers on July July well 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews like like declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in in 1891, um and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also (also referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony as so so well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might might reduce okay vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis analysis including three so further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is the former Minister of Trade Trade and Industry um for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial crucial I mean pass, Alexander could be cut off from from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta bhuta - gana um (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants attendants -- placed okay to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry carry a large well bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop hop group you know formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Devolo, well Alphrisk and Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number anumber of forts were built for for the defence of you know the city city just prior to the Second Boer War, though so so some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as well Conny Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in in okay the Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM PM that Luke you know is actually the Foreign Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply simply describes uh the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with with vitamin C okay are being evaluated for their possible possible use in cancer, but you know clinical results have have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the the University well of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives gives um Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his his uh presidency, all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration I I mean from the album) was released as a single, and and later I mean included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is uTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes competes in I mean Division I. UTSA will join the Western Western Athletic Conference on so July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath oath of citizenship and I mean in May 1802 in in Vienna Scots Church he married okay Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to look at okay our brothers brothers as aliens, men with whom we share a so so city, but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to to I mean have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu Sulu landed in so Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with with Malaysian police, at least well 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team team like in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is the son of José A. 'Nía' 'Nía' Rivera, 'Nía' Rivera, a you know former former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed so at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies Cbeebies land on the um old side of Old MacDonald's MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in so so court to dispute the theory and in the the special features well section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago Chicago I mean in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always always wisely, like considering that he had a young family family to care I mean for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she so also took took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of well Cranmer's Cranmer's arguments and cited a range of sources supporting like the doctrine doctrine of the Real Presence, such as the Book like like of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the you you know death sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After After um discovering that the demons are herbivores and and eat half well their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music music well that is performed in an operatic style, or or like a song, theme or motif from classical classical music stylized like as pop. The term the term term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast mRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times times of tissues and uh body cavities where they are present, present, which depending on okay the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the you know former German German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile mobile messaging application well for businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a British British Labour well Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus the campus was a host site for the Canadian Canadian Open I mean Data Experience (CODE) appathon on on the the weekend of February you know 28 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had she had been brutally raped and murdered murdered there eight months earlier I mean by Jacob Delashmutt, Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey - I mean all all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from uh discrimination by by association can also take a case even okay okay if they do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or prohibiting prohibiting um assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, well from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is quick to anger at the perception of of injustice, I mean for example, when Prime Minister Minister Harriet Jones destroys the retreating Sycorax well ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up up okay with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that that um she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth fifth movie like in the franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the okay Civil War, War, had served two terms as president from uh 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well um um - known station in the area from 1925 until 1991, today today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused I I mean irreversible changes in two small areas of the so so rat brain, which, however, has significant differences in you know metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability so so of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases bioavailability bioavailability to 13 well % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins it begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and and which uh are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as one you know know of the most famous carp lakes in the country, like like whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work his work has been shown in many many Los Angeles galleries and has I mean mean been collected by among others Kevin Spacey and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known um um as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of of blue you know color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have there have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations investigations of murders, so and three missing person reports in in the state since 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg Gregg to like whom he was married for six years, and and uh was also married to Michiko Nogami (a language language instructor based in um San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of you know know Fallot (TOF), that will require him to undergo I I mean at least three open heart surgeries in his you know know life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and uh not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November November 1979 okay ) was a French criminal responsible for for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested suggested Carlos you know wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the the um reason behind him raising his left hand, hand, as opposed um to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, in Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway freeway sections I mean of Highways 216 and 16 16 before bisecting the city of well St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) 2009) was um the principal figure of the Serbian Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly well known as the the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body you know Magic Magic awards -- platinum is achieved when members are are routinely exercising I mean five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without driving without due care and attention or or okay careless driving is a legal term for for a okay particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss entrepreneur entrepreneur okay Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, design, performance, and later I mean on a bunch of of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston the Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class 'Class um S State Championship' for the past 8 years, years, recently in well the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi Khulusi I mean were: the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson Allanson - Winn, uh 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the well well loss of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, CEO, you know Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German the German tank guns had neither the the range nor I mean the power of the 76 mm mm main gun of a you know KV - 1, 1, and the narrower track width of like the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than than I mean chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic changes seen you you know during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 -- -- well May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian Hungarian field so marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such such um as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation litigation reason, uh those with experience in the field make detailed detailed plans and so maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B B (Long Island I mean NY) received and OH - - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an you you know American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early uh uh October and peace between Poland and Sweden could be established established um in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he he okay keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to to himself like lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in in return for his well silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note will appear beneath the article's entry on I mean mean the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree well at at Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 um um and a Ph. D. At d. At the Royal Royal Institute of uh Technology in Stockholm in 1985 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently recently okay there has been a push towards other types of of capture molecules you know which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 42 like players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while while like the women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis ketosis (assuming well no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel novel so of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they they should you know get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the okay 15th (Scottish) (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down okay the 159th 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil so so Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, entry, 'I'm I mean Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - year okay okay - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, questioning, okay but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out like With With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a uh uh 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA 84 84 ERA in you know 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same same words you know into the phone, which convinces convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; sides; okay if the guest had received an 'empty door,' door,' a taped uh response from the second person was was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of courtesy of Nazi science, the character has has superhuman strength; so endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in in the so uterus can cause entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming Fleming travelled to Europe, you know and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or or uh Youth for Change and Action) is aimed at at reducing HIV uh transmission among Mozambican youth, the project promotes promotes positive behavior you know change in young men by developing developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, I I mean they were relegated in 1961, but finished runners runners - so up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Peyote, I mean Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a a like very low skyline; with the advent of of the skyscraper, residents were so concerned that the the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, Pelicans, um but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have so so been with the school before it was built you you know that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he when he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments um in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the well well 12th century, there were opportunities for female education you know know in the medieval Islamic world, writing that women could so so study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and and resumned I mean his practice; he was active in organizing organizing the Republican Party so in the state, and was was appointed the chair of I mean a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season break break like of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined a property development business with a role role like as a commentator on motor sport, first at at I mean SBS TV then on the Nine Network with with Darrell so Eastlake, then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications with communications out, and no way to reach the the like Moon without T - mat, those responsible for for the system like turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 2009 to you know 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, divisions, well composed of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 000 colonial uh troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is one is in Delray Beach, Florida, United United States, and is a like part of Palm Beach Beach County School District, and the you know other is is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and uh is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years years like (with honors) and there is an entrance examination examination well required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 you know know F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case discussing so so the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), like like causing them to continue running in Abe's direction and and so they will only calm down when slapped but but the slap okay will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then odin then reveals himself to be the last last of the you know race of creatures responsible for creating creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and and I mean 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 0 - litre I mean injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 0 - litre you know diesel followed from from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - so litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes sometimes cited as well '(I Lost My Heart to a) a) Starship Trooper', is okay the first single by by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded discarded in a ditch okay close to the Leicestershire village of of Twycross: a uh distance of from where she had been abducted, abducted, and just so 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship championship club Nottingham Forest uh he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, Dimes, and like the March of Dimes provides grants of $ $ 1, 000 uh for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted convicted like of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was was found in the like camp, and was transferred transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, School, a science so and technology college, has now closed closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived she survived the war and continued in service service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) ) are um ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, Church, most of like whom converted to catholicism from the the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September well well 12 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, okay who who left him $ 5 million, and the eldest so so son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then ekman then focused on developing techniques for for measuring like facial muscular movements that created facial expressions while also developing well theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had had moved you know close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough breakthrough and okay had advanced on time, then bunched up up with the leading uh divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in in so the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, Park, so were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice uh to to renew public interest in the band; given that well they're they're pulling out all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to to the central uh tower and a team led by Zelenka works works I mean to repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional functional before so the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, I mean mean or finance a property, with the buyer / / investor using so as little of his own money money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics okay okay at South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards well (6 (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks so so he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the the Izmir I mean Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on on 7 October 2016, you know where he stands accused of of being a member of uh the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 in 2011 the port had an overall traffic of of 88 so million tons, it is located in two main main sites, in I mean northern Marseille from La Joliette to to l'Estaque and in Fos um - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are able to carry a variety of of weapons well into combat, although the most popular choice is is a storm bolter you know and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped dropped out uh of Frank Lucas High School over his inability inability to dissect so a frog, and was discovered after after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is uh an an English football manager who was also a player, notably notably at so Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - - gee - uh REE - yah) is located located in the central you know Matale District of the the Central Province, Sri Lanka in uh an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are they are found mainly in the northern Indian states states like of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a within a year of Callaghan taking office, the the narrow so Labour majority was eliminated due to by - election election so defeats and in order to remain in power, power, Labour okay formed the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the well Director of of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga Baraga okay County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release of the petition, he was able to like like escape from Iran to the United States, where he he currently well travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat and the position were eventually filled okay on August August 19, 2013 after the House began its its okay second ordinary session: so - and - so replaced replaced Ferrer uh for representative at - large large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Brown, Dennis so Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Peter Weibel uh developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research uh uh at The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre um language, language, which is spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father did well for himself and later sent sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad you you know to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 1980 in Val d'Or, uh Quebec ) is a Canadian professional professional ice hockey goalie who okay plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently um being held in in Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not contain contain any well information about the person to whom it it is assigned I mean i. E. No information information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran ran well alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family the family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza near near um Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia Slovakia (the settlement does well not exist anymore and is is not to be confused I mean with the later castle castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second second thoughts about like the operation and agrees with Ty Ty to get okay the fuse Mike removed from the engine engine but I mean is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, harmony, encompasses a um wide range of secular Jewish music, music, classical works on well Jewish themes and songs of many countries but but specializes in so Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during during her you know 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side side well (much to the worry of Leo) and relish relish in their new you know evil powers when a shape - - shifting warlock and demonic okay priestess trick Prue into a a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a a you know truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - - uh SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, in 1984, he graduated Medical School with with a Doctor of Medicine you know degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah you know know Hyland) around the campfire one night, which causes Claire um um (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Stuart uh Mullins, a one - night stand; she she is brought you know up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in in the uh Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' nature' as um his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied victory turned the tide in in the okay North African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of of you know occupying Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film the film starts in a room room full of bomb you know making material and newspaper articles articles about LTTE bombings in uh Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was he was born in Newport Street, Long Long Acre, you know Westminster, the third son of John John Horne, a poulterer you know in Newport Market, whose business the the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 in 1924 he served as his his father's construction manager like for three simultaneous, difficult Los Los Angeles - area well projects for which he helped develop develop the distinctive you know concrete textile - blocks used on on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro Football Football Hall you know of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football Football Hall like of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums of of original you know material and he went on to to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began on widening the highway in April April 2008, well and in March 2009, two lanes of a a new like realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Gate, is is the um first town one reaches on the the Caribbean island of Saba after uh leaving the Juancho Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University then made 319 all out in their their second so - innings, setting the Minor Counties a a target of 362, the uh Minor Counties could only only manage to make 131 all so out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that that an I mean actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World World Championship Wrestling okay appeared on the national scene, under the the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who who um left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they um believed believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution had not not proven okay that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in British you you know India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year well well from December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges ranges from 30 um to 40 days and the litter size size can vary okay between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in in 1966, I mean and the the Vancouver SkyTrain SkyTrain -- an intermediate so - rail, automated guided line line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was also the second single from that that so album, released in June 2001 (see 2001 in in music), so with a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an um um abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': Leket': the two works like are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), (Charleville), um County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Rouge, Louisiana, the like grandson of former slaves, and grew grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 20 COPE well MPs had defected to other parties due to to internal so conflict, including the only COPE member in in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello so so Biafra, Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff I I mean Ward, the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had so so been preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would I I mean clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is is a statue you know of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, canal, donated by Patrick and Martins 'younger okay brother, Thomas Whelan, who who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the okay medical medical aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social social um and economic factors contributing to health, working with with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum septum lacking a foramen, I mean 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing Helsing I mean is jumping into action through a window, showing showing a uh woman is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant was was the you know only known surviving XMC cruiser though though a large number you know of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked this marked the beginning of the Andalusian Andalusian school's revolt against Ptolemaic so astronomy, sometimes called the the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major figures so of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak squeak the you know Martian allows Freddy to infiltrate that house house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids arachnids such as so the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer footballer okay who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, 1980s, playing at representative you know level for England, and and at club level for Leeds, like as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South uh Carolina that that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for well well the army approaching despite rain in the north, the well well family longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the the highest total so of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she she will well be released later than Tim Vrågård even though though the okay sentences might not change as her sentence sentence does not like start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as as the um Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms forms -- when you know indeed we do have it -- -- is of a higher well order than knowledge of the mere mere physical world, and leads uh in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of of the um Liberal Democratic Party, which later split split from Koichi um Kato, the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the end of three years of construction construction the new I mean cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of of so Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B B. Gachanja, okay the latter having retired in 2008 after after achieving the I mean mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in later in life during the 1970s he he taught Physical Education at like Forest Hill Boys Secondary Secondary School and took up a position of I mean Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr you know know. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here here carring I mean out researches in ancient history history. His historical his historical work on salabhanjika titled um um salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as as property presentation or so property styling, the techniques have been been televised by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former former college well campus are on the National Register of Historic Historic Places and okay are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering like like ( Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' Kids' ), well builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east uh Victoria, Victoria, Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was you you know the second - highest - selling album okay okay of that year, and their biggest chart hit since since so 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route like like Army active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of of the uh Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive inexpensive you know wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or or similar like purposes, allowing the user to use use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, Brazil, I mean located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, globe, and I mean is an in demand harmonica and and piano teacher so in NYC. Yvonnick is yvonnick is currently working working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at uh the the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, like like before relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue pursue her um career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark the Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was was appointed uh as Spain's King of Arms by by King Juan Carlos you know I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 on 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this this uh game, and with the scores 1 - 0 he he well wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, the freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled well well in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure closure you know will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni alumni until like the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - well well long landing field and an apron with a capacity of of seven aircraft, so and, although the runway is long long enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance appearance in 'Love Letters', you know where he develops a a crush on Garnet before he like was turned down, and appears appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' you know where he directs directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael I mean mean Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him um and his his family being sent to Jerusalem where uh he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house the house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the operating well well system for malloc and other software with its own like versions versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari lila Kari (née Santean) is a a Romanian and Canadian computer uh scientist, a professor of of computer science at the University so of Waterloo, Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started mercier started his playing career in the the lower so leagues of Argentine football in 2000, he he played uh for four different clubs in the the regionalised 3rd division, you know eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von john von Neumann studied the properties properties of the group um of equivalences that make a a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the you know class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at at so two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in um the the MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which is um slated slated to be closed by the BRAC, and so former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was close to retiring from football after after being um diagnosed with a serious fault with a heart valve, valve, which okay cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) difuntas) and I mean there is normally a baked tear drop drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - - well toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 2 locomotive I mean of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited inherited from Japan, uh and is coal - fired standard gauge gauge locomotive was okay capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and and you know hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' Picture' was I mean made, but the only member of the the band featured was Amos okay since by then, unable unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic you know Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released the photo book Dream & Drive made I I mean with their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Kenneth Capello, who has like also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn 13 13 like - 8 in which the final was now like like played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer like like Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the British government mounted an expedition to like free free the captives, which resulted in the Battle I I mean of Magdala, during which Tewodros committed suicide by by well shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, so so the Indian National Congress was supported by many many Muslim scholars, leaders so and the learned who were were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi Delhi well (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the the premier government um funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP well well students to earn an M. B. , B okay. S S. Degree. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular you you know within the squad and soon receive a call like - up up to the Chinese under uh - 20 team's squad in in July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 In In 1In so Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved moved well on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching coaching career uh as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and and so came to live in the New World where they they intermarried okay with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show you you know at Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Dirty well Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of horizontal layers, layers, like but the strata has been tilted associated associated with the formation um of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not not only like goes to the fair, but later on that that like night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) Hallsville) was okay first settled when the train station was was settled so around and named after Tyler Whitford one one mile west you know of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in so Agrigento Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in like like Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It It is a good so day to die ') is illustrated illustrated with a you know story explaining that' This is is an extremely common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 20 May 1987 used uh to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from from well the University of Chicago in 1965 and has served served um as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on on which uh David was born and holds a deed is now now I mean home to a strategic military base, base, and if David uh is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African African so - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to to decide a well course of action, where Marge proposes that that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, okay including USAID, USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European so so Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon uh uh who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers suffers a nervous okay breakdown at the car wash in in front of Marie uh (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born (born so 24 October 1974 in London), is the the only son uh of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an an so elevated pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that that well connects the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of of America, Inc okay. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, affiliate, and has 65 real uh estate offices and more more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately so 16 16 Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is most famous for being a compound like like in the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good good friends you know in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins begins at I mean an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with with so seven goals, which highlighted the main factor between between the okay relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two units were later merged and reformed reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in like 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is is you know a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited he recruited his longtime friend and and guitarist David Kennedy well of Box Car Racer, as as well as drummer like Atom Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn Sinn to form Angels & well Airwaves, who were were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released um um a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this well well holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of the 'Classic 'Classic well Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from from um American University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, and, I mean she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new the new Computer Science building at the University University of Oslo is okay named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke okay okay of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent uh uh of France for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of of director I mean David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his his 2014 thriller so 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - uh uh Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had been been uh in the factory for 15 years, yet in the the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan Jan like de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last the last of the nation's 54 reactors reactors went offline um on May 5, 2012, and Japan's Japan's efforts to regain public I mean support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect um Thomas Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for for Antigua you know and then Canada where he would go go on to like design the Langevin Block of the the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea came after Pasha and his team at his his you know performance media company Socialist were being approached by small small business um community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast many fast food outlets do not make shakes shakes by hand with okay ice cream; instead, they make shakes shakes in automatic milkshake well machines which freeze and serve a premade premade milkshake mixture okay consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an an American football coach okay and former player who is the the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an with an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the the A10 in like assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on on okay 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) okay okay is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is I I mean currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the city city well of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the the city, including well Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is is you know currently a deputy in the European Parliament, Parliament, and leads I mean an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th the 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an an independent field um test agency of the Air Force Special Special Operations Command located at you know Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in in you know Scotland by only half a mile, mile, the distillery has I mean one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Mark I mean Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer well well / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces the pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all for all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Idora Park uh had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, okay studied anthropology anthropology at the University of Iowa where he uh attended on on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic okay Industry Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, well 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, stones, I mean two aligned along an east - westerly axis axis and the well other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a a greater emphasis on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic romantic relationship well in the past, but he did want want to so marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used used you know as a substitute for Composition B B in large general well purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North in North American English it was was formerly called Oldsquaw, though well this name has has fallen out of favour, I mean and some some biologists feared that this would okay be offensive to to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, minted, a gold coin like called 'Hon' and a copper coin coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of like like Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 40 wind uh turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's um and Ang Ang Phu were unable to return to Base well Four Four before dark and were forced to spend you know the the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest like like for troops among loyal lords, and managed to um get 500, 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of of the Spanish okay expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the the okay adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam Matalam majority of the uh commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but uh uh after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright Wright State of you know OHIO out of high high school, she achieved a scholarship to attend okay okay Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song song by um Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth tenth single you know released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack its attack and speed stats are good, good, and its okay special defense is above - average, making making this a good Normal I mean - type Pokémon, but it it is easily overshadowed um by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced he convinced Amondson to seek the nomination nomination of his so faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over over well perennial presidential nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of of the party, believing that you know he was more more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story has been has received substantial media coverage; coverage; well another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun um Don't Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her her like image; but, instead of helping her, Lloyd Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension extension round, okay which was judged a split draw with scores of um 10 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris Paris he and Weigel so accepted an invitation from journalist journalist and author Karin Michaëlis to move well to to Denmark, where they settled in a house on okay the the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package package where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the although the village has a history dating back back many hundreds uh of years it was greatly transformed in the the 19th like century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Hartham Park like at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises like between between Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures so as as the section is situated in a plain, plain, and between uh Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing uh with with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, um during which time he he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State the State of Nebraska halted the liquor liquor licensing process before you know the 2006 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to modify the um um rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the 2006 you you know festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 census and like like was drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and and um registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril you you know J. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with with Doniphon like and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data so analytics analytics start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is is like a 2012 American horror film written and directed directed um by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from um um critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was um um viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and um became became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as um um officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G so so. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled an angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage fuselage had elevators okay with a cut - out for rudder movement movement and it had well a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of of mainwheels on axles you know attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from from Johor uh Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International International Airport, um it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is is a species of I mean dogfish shark in the the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 in 1940 WW2 brought an end end to production like as the factory was turned over over to produce okay munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there were were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath Badrinath and so kept a very low profile and, after many okay okay years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and and got very well close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional I I mean Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds nominal compounds occur with various structures, however however morphologically speaking they are so essentially the same: each noun noun (or adjective) is in its uh (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel m. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De De Gruyter Chapter 8 um and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November November 14, 1970) was uh the head coach of the Marshall Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became he became an architect and builder of of places of public well amusement, doubtless excelling excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Jele, you know Roberta Lucca and Ric Moore, Moore, the core development team uh are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence Violence you know campaign, which includes three weeks of drive - - okay time interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - - scale well fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk Smolensk when the city you know was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that that Phil like did not wipe the fingerprints off the the items, and like Jay believes he will also be implicated, which which I mean he is, as a result and and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports exports you know were recognized in the Mono Basin and and Owens Valley, I mean a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the I mean mean Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare well well species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, band, along with uh bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief the Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & & Director, Sundarban uh Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head head of the park okay at the local level level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government okay okay or going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, Europe, well dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and so by by this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish parish in New okay York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would himmler would later break with Darré, Darré, whom he uh saw as too theoretical and he he was generally on like bad terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, so approximately approximately half of the 4, 000 plus properties uh are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) became like like flustered when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the so so stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they okay okay do not take account of factors such as soil structure structure I mean or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, 88, Benfica proved like ready to challenge for the European Cup, Cup, eliminating teams like okay Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they they reached their sixth so European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public the public school team name is is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have um as as much as one - third of the you know floor space space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles circles as um an avid collector of former racing vehicles, vehicles, and his uh coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German German I mean basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron the squadron did not conduct conduct proper conversion courses, and new uh Dakota pilots received received only ad - hoc instruction on the type you you know while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; tasks; veteran pilots generally you know did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family already owned burial plots in the okay cemetery, cemetery, but a grander destination was planned for the um um deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season season well at Everton where he was regularly used used as well back up for new signing James Beattie Beattie in January 2006, well it was announced announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is nPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key key protein involved in the so maintenance of circadian rhythms in in mammals, and its role okay in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the um um Upper Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in in Lemont, Illinois, so Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived like on on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen sixteen when he okay first linked up with the the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to to instantly okay jump to that location; however, the mini-map does like like not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards Edwards um who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared well well with the 1973 versions due to the newly newly so required 5 - mph absorbing front and um um rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve realism' realism' seems, you know however, unwarranted considering the fact that that a majority of the you know population, who who arguably subscribe to naïve common sense notions uh of reality, reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with okay okay the best hand against the last player, but gets rivered rivered and um falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was the first son of John II and well Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a a Canadian um Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs well well used by Native Siberians at the um time; the breed breed came to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / / IPSec uh and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak leak protection, IPv6 leak well protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, 1940, the' okay Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - - Bertin', departed from you know Brest with a 200 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns um that that Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January in January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY SKINNY ROADS well the single was named the most played song song so on Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the song song so has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) 2012) so graduated from a military academy and fled to to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and and I mean is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's JPR's well 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an extra extra like one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, no, that well Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached reached um number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign but but later gained okay weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering after recovering from the effect of of kurrare, the Saints uh compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City of Sumter holds the distinction of so being the first to to adopt the council - manager form like of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career career I mean for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team team within like the Central Hockey League (CHL), and was was recognized for his like on and off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer layer standard um and like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses uses the um DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 000 well physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median income for a household in the like city city is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based on on okay cooperation on many issues in international forums, a strong strong well commitment to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple temple so in the middle of the performing area okay okay because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre um um run by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form Form I mean Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was secretary secretary okay of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to to 1907, and well first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by by okay splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County County was um reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of as of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners Partners had aggregate assets well under management of approximately approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his uh plan for the the original arc was about Jane Doe's so inner life, struggling struggling to get out of the situation she is I mean trapped trapped in, noting that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had russia had taken the fortress of Kars Kars from the well Turks during the Russo - - Turkish War in 1877, like when it was incorporated incorporated into the militarily administered Kars well Oblast, and it it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel the channel was previously occupied by WHYY WHYY well - TV starting in 1957, which later later moved its like city of license and frequency to to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April in April he stretch out to a mile mile uh and one eighth and finished second again, this this time like to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became so so Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, in 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi okay okay during the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and you know also, also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the the so Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot travelled travelled along the uh Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center in in you know Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the the Sea I mean Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a a uh fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active okay between between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most most Joints rolled in uh one minute is actually actually a 15 year old boy called I mean Sam Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of of the skeleton you know and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 the mine was involved in the the Industrial well Workers of the World miners' strike which led led to over 1000 miners like being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they when they are saying goodnight on her porch, porch, okay he gets the courage to ask if he can can so see her again and it is revealed that she um um is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song the song has also been covered by by 'Rockgrass' band uh Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air um pollution pollution until she left the school in 1977, becoming more like like interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as as several I mean high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also uh featured on on the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film I mean mean Disturbing Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music music is also uh featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, journal, okay 'Dog Fancier' contained notes and display ads from from McEvoy I mean and Aldrich offering their dogs for for sale and in you know 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to forced to leave France by the outbreak of of The Great like War, August 1914 she arrived back back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's Gerda's okay favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record no record of their physical nature nature has survived you know except in the form of of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for for the like Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield Shield I mean / Desert Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American you know know banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for for you know Natives under the terms of the Crown Crown - in so - right - of - Quebec, hunting, hunting, fishing and trapping rights I mean are reserved for for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to to like an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control control all I mean dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Glamorgan Coal Company, okay which allowed Heseltine to be brought brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or I I mean Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport airport I mean serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now now a you know defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture of the the Anglo - you know Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches churches are of Anglo like - Saxon origin, although in in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were you you know required as a Weatherman, did put a bit of a a so strain on her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, it is shown that he was part part of okay Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Wentworth I mean Preston and is based in the village of of Pinkney near I mean Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and you know know be simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, I I mean was first broadcast in January 2006 and consisted I mean mean of 13 episodes, hosted by A. J. Benza so and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets all jackets are made of 100 % cotton cotton waterproof okay outer - shell and 100 % down proof proof nylon lining, and okay are down - filled filled with Ukrainian grey duck and okay with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets sets out uh priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' like like in 1887, and while some believed believed he used it to um pursue his political agenda, others others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist artist I mean from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford Bedford county, Virginia: she is best so known for her work work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan Michigan metropolitan area across well the international border in the the United States, and therefore is counted so as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media in you you know 1986 when he created a new society society to invite the Ambassador I mean of South Africa, Africa, Glenn Babb after the International Law Society had so withdrawn withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th like and and early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions I I mean and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having regained political political like power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 in 2012 he was presented with the Smith - - well Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community community you know development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, quality, build um infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help help detect uh and assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, 1917, although on well 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to to Italy and well most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting I I mean place for young artists but by the end end of the you know war the Futurist movement was was showing signs ofUnited States and I mean in 1935 was was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on on 40pm on the well westbound carriageway of the A14 between between Girton and Histon an uh accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India India in 1947, so but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated frustrated okay with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City like relegated, however, however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won you know know Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December in December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy to to a okay remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' 29' and you know after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is uh uh an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom you you know intended to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' Hunters' was uh released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal personal growth okay as she learns to cope with a society society of you know widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite otaheite okay cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to to cashew -- um an important distinction because cashew nuts (but (but not cashew fruits) may um trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by uh uh him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury Treasury and in well 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the the Chancellor well of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in order to to you know replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets trainsets which, so along with the 2 extra passing loops, will will double the so number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of of Arts in Saint I mean Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) художеств) between 1891 and 1901 and was uh entitled 'artist' 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives to to replenish you know their forests, large demands for paper lead lead to large like forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still Chinese you know know miners that continued to work in the American Canyon, I mean mean but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green aGreen - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated originated from well the plane of Zendikar that uses the raw raw energy of her own you know plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and and were uh joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO okay okay (18 April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) um um was the second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' so Lawes, Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and I I mean played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 4 - you know credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with with at least um a B grade, and maintain a minimum minimum 3 I mean. 0 cumulative GPA; one of of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is like like a Cuban - American actress best known for her her so portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC NBC daytime well television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people people I mean and there was widespread sadness at his death; death; he so was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is is currently a I mean rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to to market; like this not only brought about transfer of the the transportation so from other routes to the canal, but but it encouraged um further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he well himself himself implemented the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, um um 450 families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum sum assured of okay Rs. 50, 000 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to to you know Whitesboro, Texas, he chose to remain remain remain in Indian I mean Territory, where he supported himself by by working a variety uh of odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the the uh son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a guard's compartment in the centre and two two large like areas either side for storing luggage they they were a very versatile type you know of coach and could could be found all over the well British Railways Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and um slowly slowly suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo the Yumbo name refers to a smaller smaller snack based sandwich um from the 1970s and early 1980s 1980s of the same name so which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February in February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle battle to the British like there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 1992 at Jefferson City Correctional like Center, after writing letters to to a minister claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse like meets meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a a paper - you know and - pencil test; test; since January 27, uh 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties nineties um but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he he has you know focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section section between Interstate um 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to to the United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few afew other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Lucenay's Peter was the most well famous, after being fired from the the Our Gang series well Harry Lucenay retired Pete Pete to Atlantic City N. J you know. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Maintenance Unit RAF, the you know site was renamed St St George'sBarracks and went on to become okay the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is it is known for containing amygdalin, a a poisonous compound that, like together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in in Montclair, you know New Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor the Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and and thus classified um as a machine gun by the United United States and uh are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long long been um an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was concluded that this crash was a type like like known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight um Into Into Terrain) and that there were no defects with um um the aircraft or its systems which contributed I mean mean to the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' in in uh Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of um um Abdullahi Omaar the famous elder and businesman, he like was was born in Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his so so young brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a so cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time in so so WWE under the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held held well the NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun professionally in in so 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was you you know closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie susan Marie Groppi won the the in 2010 for her uh work as Editor Editor - in - Chief on so 'Strange Horizons', and the the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second Second League so in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) well well was a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, um and politician politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November on November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March well well 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and like like musician, best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA MA and well PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 1972 respectively, well returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida Florida I mean and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did graves did this as comic relief in in the novel, so but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William david William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November November 1970) uh is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track this track cycling event consists of a a single race you know in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was located about two miles southeast of present like like - day town of Marshfield and was the site site you know of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign in foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S S. Naval expeditions you know to open trade in Japan, opposed opposed French designs um on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority the Authority also sought to help control control flooding on the okay lower Mississippi River, especially in the the aftermath of the uh Ohio River flood of 1937, as research research had shown you know that 4 % of the the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott Scott that she was well too embarrassed to be seen seen with him, and this incident went you know on to to mar his first day at okay the school where where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern modern school I mean created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they they like spend public money this is why democratic governments are are encouraged I mean to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, Florida, and grew well up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas so so A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four machine you you know guns in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the after the establishment of the National Science and and Technology uh Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC BIOTEC became one of the um NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging the flagging duties were moved to the new new perch, well previously they were done from a small trackside trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B B uh. A. From Boston from Boston College, started working working as a bond trader I mean at Merrill Lynch on on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges okay okay and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used it to burst out of the the tanker, like destroying any White Whale members that were were near, and so to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an I I mean American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , , and educated at uh Harvard (A. B. , , b. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the you know know driver's door and no cold steel up a so so driver's leg but the petrol tank was in the the scuttle like and its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is not acceptable to delete information from an an like article because it spoils the plot if that would would interfere with, like encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is it is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is is um thinner than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and and you know convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian um Adult Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit hit in Denmark, okay Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell Axwell wins and I mean a photo finish photograph is taken taken and so it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most Most Outstanding I mean Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in in like San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in 'Recess', 'Recess', okay one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock 'Shock I mean Rock' and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', Dreamscapes', concerning I mean a young couple on a road trip in in Oregon well when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves alma reserves her life to manage day - to to you know - day tasks in the house, and be a a 24 so hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands demands her I mean to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) is is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which which I mean echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius Vilnius was the permanent capital like of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, well well surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure structure set I mean into the hill, with a a frame board and batten - like clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called from from a user uh program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies okay okay withdrew from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, in 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course course equivalent to a I mean high school certificate, then went on on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces over the intercom that the staff and um um prisoners are free to leave through the one available available exit um - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I got my first computer when I was was uh 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and and uh an half years later I got a toshiba satellite like like laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original mission duration was to be only three I I mean years, but in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, a a post um he has held since 1984, and was chairman of of the you know board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, writing, but um uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Emperor Mommu and so daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife wife and later Empress so Empress Gemmei, therefore a a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and Empress okay Jitō by her her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial the initial route was to run from Chattanooga Chattanooga well to a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east east of the Chattahoochee um River, which would eventually be be linked to the Georgia um Railroad from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic you know know books published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican Republican State well Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for Altria, Altria, you know as although Marlboro is by far far the most popular like Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the the like office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated he graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate Graduate School of so Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films like like in some theaters, and they can be used to to present so 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation um um in Finnish as purely an issue of syllable structure um um is that the language has undergone various phonetic changes due well well to which not all weak grades occur in closed closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of DNA DNA uh that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of uh uh the Department of Health, Flavier went to serve village village folk in uh Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted by the the engineer well Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can can um be sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not not I mean harmful, do not require treatment, and have no no so long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated to St St well Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in in Leigh, its okay dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally coincidentally mirroring I mean her most well - known role role - although they also like speculate she was not a gang gang member herself, rather so she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its uh uh stories were partly based on real people and and events, and uh several years passed before it was adapted adapted from a play performed so by the Royal Shakespeare Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this this small forest um for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC family of so so profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for for low like - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first Bentley capable of running on so both both petrol (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre like like W12 engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and like like at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a a um choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town town located I mean on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when uh she was was a teenager and had consensual sex with her you know know as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building the building was then turned into a a railway heritage like centre in 1979 by the the Butetown Historic Railway like Society and by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a a uh suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the the Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong Kong listed like vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his after his father's death in 1945, and after after extensive consultation uh with a number of Shanghai's authoritative authoritative philatelic experts and well philatelic literature collectors, he compiled compiled and supplemented his father's original um manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat retreat from other um people to the ocean, is among the the most well famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a I mean mean documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P h. P is also a character in the the okay video game Oh Sir! the insult the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of of Owari so han, he served as chamberlain during World World War II. Yoshihiro was uh famous for saving the recording of of Emperor Hirohito's well surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, Orelas, telling you know him of the burnt train containing containing the vampires' bodies, which um he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on on well a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can be easier to lose than a flying well disc, disc, especially over long distances: its low profile can okay make make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Master, Red Dragon Disciple, Shifter, and like Weapon Master; and other new new features such as well the ability to hire two two henchman at once you know and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in however, in the end McDuff opted to use a a I mean piece of broomstick from his car, he choked choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, well well he received an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six the six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Khoo's like Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off off so the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part you you know of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I I men's I mean basketball season, took place on March March 5, 2008 as a I mean single - - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC the ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - - West Point you know market will move to the the of WTVA; before this uh announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among like like rocky debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the the I mean aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the the well spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has he has reportedly spent thousands to look look like the player uh. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite in spite of that Russian alternative alternative 2005 Final Festival like was planned to be presentation of of the CD, release uh date was deelayed up to the the May, 2006, because of okay the negotiatations with Sony Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently I I mean completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass bass so guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything 'Anything Goes' I mean with Sutton Foster and Joel Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was she was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core um um CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Nation you know Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security issues for for um the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he he founded in um March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a um German guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the the (unnamed) choice was um going to do something 'too 'too glossy' and wanted to um present something more nuanced & & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May May 30, 1935) well was an American lawyer and politician politician who was New um York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the the default file system like of OS X, HFS Plus, Plus, saying it is 'probably the um worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic (Arabic / Persian uh / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a a Stunt director, Action Director, uh Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first first released I mean in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again again invited so to perform at the Montreal Jazz Jazz Fest. In December, however, the uh members announced announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was was held uh in 2009; it was canceled twice due due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), TREN), um in operation since 1 January 2000, was created created um by merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - - house chain with like locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that time the Department of Defence Defence was of relatively little so consequence in the Commonwealth government; government; each service (Navy, Army and well Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to I I mean take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) like is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the nation's nation's oldest summer camps, uh Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been been named um to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a became a wholly owned subsidiary subsidiary you know in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland Midland like also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married she married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in in 1905, and moved uh to Canada, but he he died of cancer and she returned to okay Britain Britain and obtained a post at the Plant Pathology okay okay Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and and forward line, uh and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, 70, and uh is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his his album so 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species were hunted to you you know extinction within the first year and these predatory predatory snails continue you know to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity opportunity to uh spend the day drinking in the local local pub so. As a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a a okay nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a a Board of Directors, you know corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in in a liquid medium I mean with and without phosphorus have been been shown to affect so hyphal growth. Spores of spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that true true features would um last longer (this is the the meaning of PERSISTENT), short persistence okay is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and and uh since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in in 1918, um the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but it it was well abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in well well science, publishing a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the the purple uh vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and and um often referred to simply as Paramount) is is an American film um studio based in Hollywood, California, that has has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, uh uh 1973 in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known known you know for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse than the the titanic, so so he worked with a Dallas Dallas company to develop the um ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in the the I mean game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated he liberated the central Serbian tribes tribes from Bulgarian empire, um concluded a voluntary confederation with the the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had had some well roles in mainstream film and television, including including guest appearances you know in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, Mulligan, stemming uh from a cruel remark Stephen has overheard overheard Mulligan making about so his recently deceased mother and from from the fact I mean that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated it celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in in 2007 and in so July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was it was Garlan that dressed in in Lord Renly's uh armor during the Battle of the the Blackwater, and the sight you know of what seemed seemed to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies as so so son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Fannin, um Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a a rail link to Atlanta, so which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but but everything well else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, aircraft, ran on like a 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word 'story' may be used as a synonym of of so 'narrative', it can also be used to refer refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and and Scott Stevens, and um Get Ready For This by 2 2 Unlimited is used as okay the game's main theme (for (for the PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear like like that she's the one he takes after. Charlotte is is okay fearless and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as as MCTV uh 15) is a small Public - access television television cable TV well station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who who was previously uh convicted of four counts of risk of of injury to like a minor, or impairing the the morals of a child until you know on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked out on their wedding, and she currently uh uh is single and holds intense anger towards Richard for ruining ruining I mean their wedding, and also became furious to learn learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated treated for okay wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon neurosurgeon Hugh I mean Cairns who consequently began a long long study of what he well saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to avoid um um fighting in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, Virginia, you know and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, atoms, uh presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards towards a more integrative approach, which um combines mark mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number number of brands so ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area well code for for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by by Ghanaian like DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To To foster the development so of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James I mean mean Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in in Spain um and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first first okay presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he he was working like on the screenplay for the the film adaptation of 'The so Magus'; 'The Collector' had had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 200 in 2009, I mean following the death of of his father earlier that I mean year, and debuted debuted as the richest person in okay Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for for okay Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received received a new so seven - year contract with MGM as as a result, but um the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would would have um urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of of well Halicarnassus indicates that the Roman institution of slavery okay okay began with Romulus giving Roman fathers the right to sell sell you know their own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and um um attended the University of Arizona State, where she was the starting starting uh pitcher her freshman year and helped to to lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main transmitter is now located on the ridge ridge between uh Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit permit for uh booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Elpis um Israel and was subsequently baptised in 1853 I I mean at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was so forced forced to live with her Uncle and his two wives you know know (New Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt felt well as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme Syme okay on a journey back from Asia, and had had the island well Syme named after her; according to to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been been well new browsers coming onto the scence, many of of uh these are open source meaning that they tend to to um have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar well well or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located located on Wentworth well Drive in Bedford, England, named named in honour of uh the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to um um finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York York Athletic well Club and focused on making the Olympic Team, Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan Reagan okay disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that that year, uh appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is is um reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction so so of the venue was started, new side sectors with with so roof covers were built and the media media sectors were so expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her her to dive uh into the exciting and ever - changing changing world of IT, where like she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during during which time it uh was discovered that in addition addition to his overspending, Shepherd um had given preference to to neighborhoods and areas of the uh District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, I mean mean in the quarter - final match against Denmark; okay this this meant that Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch that branch was completed in May 1900 but but by 1911, like another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface interface and is I mean usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under under their banners so Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. In so association with Eros International, International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved achieved surprise and like Japanese air forces could not not muster a counter-attack, the I mean enemy knew that the the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was it was then sold by Gompers to to the American like War Mothers, also known as the the Gold Star you know Mothers because their display of of a flag with a blue you know star for for a son on active service and you know a gold gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to I I mean use him in a plot to conquer the Savage um um Land; after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from so a camp camp in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's Anglican Anglican okay Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese of of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various I I mean senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he he is well amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he he does to so torture her does not demoralise her her as she is so already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History History and like Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating incorporating a so box - section chassis with torsion - - bar suspension on so all wheels (independent at at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 17 May so 1976, this variant had been specifically specifically designed for you know the dual - role of of lightweight fighter and uh advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the the ground move you know and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, Junkhouse, like one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands well in in the 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing okay okay and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and and like television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading cascading uh series of shut downs and a major regional blackout, blackout, okay such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts blackouts of 1965, well 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay is not related to the famous um um Gamay of Beaujolais, and the name is being phased phased out well and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed in the standardization of its products, that well well were sold to either individuals or to the like like corporations of an entire industry, while the railroads at at like the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, the courthouse was the site well of of local preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia Virginia Convention so and it considered grievances against British rule and the the like 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, you you know abuse of power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in uh the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, you know know and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda Vonda um B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on on I mean the east coast of the United States and in in The like Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but but I mean there is some, especially in Berkeley Heights Heights. There the there the like usual once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar like ones ones have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an an American singer you know - songwriter who is best known known for her work with well Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included it included the entire party and many many of well the fruit vendors. Several people died, due to to a um fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when you you know sea levels were much lower - the analysis of of stalactites you know found in Great Blue Hole shows shows that formation like took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a a like former outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet um Corvair Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model line evolved evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her I I mean stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, Actress, often cited so for her striking presence and ability ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the um um design of an internal combustion engine which in one one okay embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated associated with fetal I mean anomalies that impairs the ability of the the fetus to swallow well (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex okay Humbard Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational nondenominational Bible um college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated uh by by cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' okay okay as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, this duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a a recording contract with RCA Records you know Nashville that that year; between 1986 and 1990, they would record three well well studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the the you know first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', you know know is a large species of South American chinchilla rats, so so known from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it ultimately it is revealed that the murderer murderer was indeed acting under the I mean influence of Jacko Jacko Argyle, and that the failure of Jacko's well (carefully (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, an ironic uh stroke stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of okay Humacao, Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical journey started very early in life you know know as both started singing at Sunday school and through okay basic basic education and also performing in various high schools schools you know and participating at occasions in their birth region, uh the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and like like passes through the northern part of the city of Washington, Washington, with uh interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such such so as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with so the the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely you you know postponing the recording of another LP, as their goal goal was like always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - 122 were used in numerous like battles battles on the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle like of of Prokhorovka, they also took part in recapturing of uh Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself I I mean - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, 100, 000 well mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War War II I mean population), and by 1970 it it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and so Kowerski Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and I mean she she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm of of I mean the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - - season club records um with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked rocked so established notions and hierarchies in Japan from its its earliest well years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was like like caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team team in you know the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American American professional okay basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian Canadian professional well ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- -- 10 you know record from 2015; however, they suffered suffered a second consecutive well 0 -- 3 start, and and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was okay involved involved in a trashed - hotel - room um incident; incident; he and two members of Selena y Los Dinos were were intoxicated like and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price guide; I mean the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred I I mean Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a a small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites sites to establish territories um because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County the County Hall is a 16 16 - storey office okay block owned by Cork County Council and housing housing its administrative uh headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific specific I mean multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship relationship with um Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship relationship you know with him and reveals that she is imitating her her life like as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this during this second explosion instead of of taking cover Tara scrambles for I mean her pain pills and and Wolfe seeing this later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down well and and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced like an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind you you know of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements various elements and obstacles are introduced as as one moves on uh to new levels, which means means that the complexity and um level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in well well 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority of victims seeking advice are female and and you know aged between 18 and 23; it can can have harmful I mean effects on a girl's education education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record I I mean - setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on on both okay dirt and turf that today are are Grade 1 events and in um the U. S S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a number number of well prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following season he went on to play so so twentyone games, scoring fifteen goals for the North North Wales club well before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or or like card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic historic district in well Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is easy to get involved in the the fiesta even uh not knowing the language and to to live the Carnival okay and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up up fights, then faced okay contender Oba Carr in in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her her projects, okay she founded and was president of the Michigan Michigan uh Parks Association, a group that was instrumental so in in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team team um from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used you know know by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of okay okay pipe, materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was it was built in 1837 and closed down ten ten I mean years later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she began began so studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have a clear clear so cause but is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir like like Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described by by Axel like Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe 'Inocybe erubescens', though was I mean widely known for many years as as 'I. Patouillardii', named okay by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed listed as um being 28 stories tall, though the the tower / observation well deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male male lineage among the well indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Turners Station neighborhood like of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running running back so with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied he studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of of Fine Arts in uh Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, Portugal, okay where her parents decided to separate; she she and well her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held held from 24 okay October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the well well larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture architecture you know with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County marathon County (UWMC), part of of the University of Wisconsin uh Colleges, is a two - - year campus of the University you know of Wisconsin System System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and well art historians, historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously so continues to to do so through his famous three okay - - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods after after like examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near near modern um - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning learning approaches, well including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, activities, projects, cases, okay internet - based interaction, etc. These should should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on on a uh philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received an at - large bid in in the 2011 I mean NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries to return back to the camp from from the battle um but takes long time to reach as he he forgets his way okay and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, service, well the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's largest ship uh uh management companies operated in Monaco and is the current current so Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, such as a rider going off off - well pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no uh score,' score,' which prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the so system's computers computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot mascot from his childhood -- well 'something that could never, never, ever possibly destroy us' like -- and the the destructor arrives in the form of a like giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and perform perform okay on stage ever again, after this the song went uh over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area area in the um Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, um um to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built some considerable considerable you know distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it after it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes Hawkeyes blocked the third attempt; well the resulting great field position led led to Iowa taking the so lead, breaking a 20 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the the gold was okay depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was to to uh settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after after that and like the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the the 33rd championship so game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a a marble - uh topped bar counter, and altogether 50 different different types of so marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters pilasters supporting um the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, delegation, and I mean he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in the same year he purchased the the 'Herald you know & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and and was a delegate to the I mean Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the the most popular warrior among well the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at at Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was was known as so The Walt Disney World Very Merry Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker worker Gertude okay Athony observed the nearby village of of Kadıköy being systematically looted I mean and its residents residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress actress and you know voice actress who is best known as as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
